Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
• Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 
Other Participants 

• Michael Gallo 
• Charles Brady 
• Alexander Blanton 
• Terry Darling 
• Barry Bannister 
• Mark Koznarek 
• David Bleustein 
• Robert McCarthy 
• Barry Haimes 
• Seth Weber 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning my name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Joy Global First Quarter 2007 Earnings Release Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn 
the call over to Don Roof, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead sir. 

Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Thank you, Jennifer, and welcome everyone this morning. I know things in your industry have been quite hectic the 
past day and a half and I appreciate you taking the time out to listen to our first quarter call. The format today will be 
similar to our prior call. After I finish up some comments on our financial results, Mike Sutherlin our CEO and 
President will give his comments and then he'll open it up for questions. Also with Mike and me here today are Mike 
Olsen, our Chief Accounting Officer as well as Gene Fuhrmann our Vice President and Corporate Controller and 
others. 

Before I do begin with my financial comments I'd like to inform the listeners of our forward looking disclaimer, 
reference is made to the disclosures in our press release, our SEC filings, we will be making a number of 
forward-looking statements today and all statements that are not historical facts involve risks and uncertainties. All 
statements are subject to change at any time and we might not update such statements. Such statements are based on 
management's current expectations and in addition to all of this there are factors we set out in our press release, our 
latest 10-Q and 10-K that could cause actual results to be significantly different than those contemplated. With that let 
me discuss a few financial matters. 


Mike will review bookings and shipments in his comments, so I will only give a few summary comments. Orders in the 
quarter of 565 million were down 6% from Q1 of last year. Not surprising following the $840 million of bookings in 
Q4, and we discussed that Q1 would be lower. Bookings are much like the fourth quarter in flavor, however, very 
strong in shovels at P&H, very soft in U.S. original equipment at Joy Mining. Capacity will continue to be an issue at 
P&H and at Joy we will look to the international coal markets to offset the U.S. softness, again in 2007. 

The other significant booking item in Q1 was the end of the streak of double-digit after-market order increases. The 
combination of the temporary softness in the United States coal markets, combined with timing issues in certain 
markets and certain customers, resulted in only a modest increase in after-market orders over the first quarter of last 
year. Revenues in the first quarter were affected by the U.S. softness and on a comparative basis by the unusually 
strong first quarter we had last year. Total revenues of $560 million included offsetting double-digit increases in 
after-market revenues and decreases in original equipment revenues. As we mentioned in the press release, the first 
quarter of last year accounted for 23% of full year fiscal 2006 revenues, after ranging from 19.4 to 19.8% in each of the 
previous three years. It was that relationship which caused our warning in our last earnings call about the return to 
normal seasonality in the first quarter. 

Next I would like to turn to margins and profitability. Gross profit margins achieved by P&H and Joy in the first 
quarter were once again strong, increasing from 30% last year to 31.2% in the current quarter. While a good 
improvement year-over-year, our gross margins have started to flatten somewhat over the last four quarters. Factors 
affecting gross margins in the quarter were: A heavier mix of after-market revenues, which is generally positive, offset 
by the negative factors of a heavier mix of P&H revenues, which are generally lower than Joy's, further material cost 
increases, particularly in casting and $4.7 million of amortization and fresh start expenses related to the Stamler 
acquisition. 

Stamler acquisition related charges will decrease rapidly, falling by about 50% in each of the next couple of quarters. 
Product development, selling and administrative expenses increased by about 7% in the quarter, reflecting increased 
expenses in China, expenses at the Stamler operation and pension expenses. These costs as a percentage of sales will 
decrease as sales pick up for the remainder of fiscal 2007. Operating income as a percent of sales increased by five 
tenths of a percent in the first quarter of this year. Given the strength in revenues at Joy Mining last year, we were 
pleased with this result. Overall, our increase in operating earnings was offset by increased interest expense, following 
our $400 million long-term debt placement in the first part of the quarter. 

Net income in dollars was unchanged quarter-to-quarter. However, as a result of our stock buy-backs in fiscal 2006, 
outstanding shares for EPS purposes fell by 7.5% and our earnings per share, excluding last year's change in 
accounting, grew by 9%. 

There are a few additional items I would like to briefly mention. Cash taxes in the quarter totaled $15.3 million or 17% 
of pre-tax income. Our heaviest period of cash tax payments is at the first quarter each year. However, with increased 
levels of income in our international geographies, we do anticipate that in fiscal 2007 cash taxes could end up in the 
range of 12 to 15% of income versus the under 10% rate we have achieved the last couple of years. 

The first quarter of each year is also the most challenging from a working capital standpoint, with heavy payment of 
certain liabilities, combined with controlling inventory levels in the face of seasonally-lower shipping levels. This year 
was no exception, with non-cash working capital increasing by $120 million compared with an $80 million increase in 
last year's first quarter. Over $30 million of each of these increases reflects the currency translation effect on working 
capital. However, the primary culprit in the larger-than-normal first quarter increase was inventories, with an increase 
of $40 million this year versus a very small increase last year. 

Higher production levels in anticipation of higher shipping levels in future quarters and other factors also came into 
play. As you know, our annual bonus plan that covers thousands of our employees remains based on return on working 
capital. Therefore, you can be assured this area will receive a high level of focus over the remainder of fiscal 2007, and 
we anticipate significant levels of free cash flow over the next three quarters. 


As mentioned in the press release, we are increasing our CapEx guidance for the next couple of years to a range of 3.5 
to 4% of sales. As the cycle continues to develop, we need to ensure the capabilities of both our manufacturing 
operations and our after-market service. Included in this guidance is a significant expansion in component machining 
capabilities for P&H Mining. This project gained approval at our board recently and will account for approximately 
$50 million in spending over the next two years. Even at this increased level of CapEx spending, we are still at a rate 
significantly lower than that of our competitors, which contributes to the significant rate of free cash flow that we 
continue to generate. 

Finally, we continued the aggressive repurchase of our stock in the first quarter. In fiscal 2006 the first year of our 
repurchase program, approximately $300 million of stock was bought in the open market. Following the placement of 
our long-term bonds in November, our program was stepped up, with a total of $360 million of additional stock 
repurchases taking place. This means that as of the end of the first quarter, we have completed almost two-thirds of the 
total $1 billion program authorized by the board. We anticipate no difficulty in completing the program prior to its 
expiration at the end of 2008 and believe that total outstanding shares could be as low as 105 to 106 million shares by 
the end of the fiscal year. 

With that, I will turn the call over to Mike Sutherlin. Mike? 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thank you, Don. I would like to add my welcome to those on this call. I would also like to add my welcome to two new 
members of our senior management team, Jim Woodward and Sean Major. Jim will be our new CFO and Sean our new 
General Counsel. They are currently devoting their time to an extensive orientation program that includes visits to all of 
our major locations and meetings with customers and investors. This experience will give them a solid grounding in our 
business and in our industry, and it is an important investment in their future success. When they are sufficiently 
through the orientation to feel comfortable with our business they will be formally appointed to their respective 
positions. Welcome to you both and glad to have you on board. 

Although Don has given a detailed review of our first quarter results they still deserve further explanation. I am pleased 
that we're able to deliver growth in revenues and improvement in earnings compared to last year's first quarter despite 
the weakness in U.S. coal. The other factor affecting our first quarter comparison is an extremely strong first quarter of 
last year. 

In the underground business in particular we had unusually high deliveries of power group supports and armored face 
conveyors into the emerging markets plus an early completion of the U.S. project and these added to last year's first 
quarter. Both the impact of U.S. coal and an unusually high level of revenues last year are factors impacting the 
evaluation of this year's first quarter. 

The overall continued strength in surface mining equipment was offset by a significant decline in underground 
equipment resulting in overall Original Equipment revenues declining by 12%. Furthermore the decline in underground 
equipment is due to both the timing effect of projects and the weakness in U.S. coal. Aftermarket revenues were up 
13% and were up across both businesses. This continues to demonstrate the stabilizing effect of the aftermarket during 
periods of Original Equipment volatility. 

Both gross and operating margins were up compared to last year despite the increased spend for strategic reasons such 
as developing the emerging markets and bringing new capacity on line. Our first quarter is normally our lowest revenue 
quarter due to the timing of our customers' budgeting process and because of the concentration of year-end holidays in 
this period. When put in the context of this normal seasonality our first quarter results are very much in line with our 
full-year guidance. 

Order bookings were down slightly from last year and they were also lower than the run rate implied by our guidance. 
This results in the timing of certain orders and does not alter our view of the market in either the near or the long term. 
As with revenues Original Equipment orders were up for the surface equipment and down by half for underground 


equipment. 

Orders for surface equipment continue to run ahead of our previously announced and recently completed capacity 
expansion. The order decline for underground equipment results from the combination of the impact of continued 
weakness in U.S. underground equipment, and the timing of some international orders that were still in process as the 
quarter ended. 

As we have repeatedly mentioned the actual order booking is the end of a much longer process and we will not 
compromise our efforts to negotiate acceptable terms and conditions for the cosmetics of a better bookings quarter, this 
is neither necessary or good for our business. 

The aftermarket bookings were up but modestly. U.S. coal was not the major factor with U.S. aftermarket orders up 
slightly from last year. This continues to support our belief that aftermarket orders will not suffer as dramatically as the 
Original Equipment if the U.S. coal market continues to be weak. We have seen the most dramatic pullback in 
production in Central Appalachia and this region has one of our highest aftermarket factors due to the very difficult 
mining conditions. 

As a result, aftermarket revenues may come under increased pressure if the weakness in U.S. coal continues for an 
extended period. The main impact on the aftermarket orders this quarter was due to timing issues in certain 
international markets. For example, China is typically slow leading up to its New Year and it was again this year. We 
also saw orders from two major customers who were in the due diligence phase of their merger, slow in the first 
quarter. 

However, we continue to see aftermarket orders growing in the high single to low double-digit rates for the full year. 

We are engaged with our customers long before the actual order booking takes place. Much of this is spent forward 
planning including the soft slotting of the customers' requirements into our production schedule. This not only reduces 
the potential for customers to be surprised by lead times, but also gives us visibility into our customers' view of the 
markets ahead. 

It is from this visibility that we continue to see a long up cycle in mining and the fundamentals continue to support that 
view. Most of the commodity markets and the geographic markets that we serve have strengthened during the past year. 
China will soon complete its transition from a net exporter to a net importer of thermal coal, and India's imports of 
thermal coal continue to increase. 

This is adding demand for the seaborne producers. As a result thermal coal prices are up and we are seeing projects 
being advanced particularly in Australia and South Africa. At the same time China is moving from a net importer to a 
net exporter of steel and it is self-sufficient and metallurgical grade coal. This has reduced the price of hard coking coal 
but still leaves substantially better margins than for thermal coal. 

Slack demand from China will be taken up by the emerging steel producers of India and Brazil both of whom who are 
long on iron ore and short on met coal. 

Copper prices moved down during the second half of 2006 declining from $3.99 a pound to nearly $2.50 a pound as 
direct commodity investors exited the market. These lower prices have significantly reduced the threat of substitution 
and still leave ample room for profit. As a result it creates a much better copper market. 

In response China import demand has returned and copper prices have been moving up since January. Iron ore prices 
have more than doubled in the past three years and are still near the cost of marginal production in China. This has 
created an effective price war for the seaborne producers and they have begun to announce additional expansion 
projects. 

For example one producer has announced 1.8 billion to expand output by another 30 million metric tons per annum by 
2009. The oil sands producers have brought project costs back under control and continue to cost-justify projects at oil 
prices of $35 to $45 a barrel comfortably below crude prices. 


One current producer recently announced the Canadian $5 billion project to expand capacity by an additional 70,000 
barrels per day. 

The U.S. coal is our one weak market. This has been driven by unusually mild weather throughout 2006 that reduced 
electricity demand year over year. There have been only 4 years in the last 50 in which electricity demand was down 
and the past year was even more unusual because it was against reasonably strong economic growth of 3.4%. 

It does not require a harsh winter to regain normal growth on electric power but rather just a return to normal patterns 
of heating and cooling days throughout the year. I'm not prepared to do weather forecasting but can say that 2 
consecutive years of no growth would be a major statistical anomaly. In that regard the recent cold weather is an 
encouraging but it's still far too early to call it a trend. 

News and politics have recently been overwhelmed with talk of global warming, carbon taxes, and even the 
cancellation of proposed coal-fired power plants. We all want a cleaner environment while the global energy demands 
will require that we make maximum use of all energy sources. 

Electricity from coal is a practical necessity in the near term. Clean coal technology such as integrated gas-combined 
cycle plants and coal to liquids must play a major role in the balancing of the energy demand within environmental 
stewardship and will continue to make coal the preferred fuel for power generation over the longer run. With that said I 
will now turn to guidance. 

Concerning our guidance over the next twelve months we've incorporated positive conditions in our overall markets. 
We also considered the uncertainty recording of the return of normal weather patterns in the United States and the 
resulting turn around in the U.S. Coal. In this regard we believe it is prudent to assume that current conditions in the 

U.S. will not change through the guidance, period. 
Finally we considered the capacity limits that P&H surface business would continue to operate under even as they ramp 
up their production to utilize their recently completed expansion. With all three of these factors considered we are 
maintaining our forward twelve month guidance unchanged from last quarter. 

As we look to the international markets for a greater portion of our order rate we can expect the lumpiness factor to 
continue and even increase. Despite the associated order of volatility revenues should be in the range of 2.7 to 3.0 
billion. We expect operating profit to be in the range of 510 to 570 million reflecting this slight strengthening in gross 
profit margins reduced by amortization of fresh start charges from the Stamler acquisition. 

This will put our EBIT margins at the top of our target range and would product earnings per share over the next twelve 
months ranging from $2.85 to $3.25. Before closing, I would like to recognize Don Roof for his continued 
contributions to this business. He has been an outstanding CFO and played and instrumental role in improving our 
performance over the past several years. Don is the reason we have Jim Woodward on board today and he continues to 
maintain his enthusiasm for a smooth and orderly transition of the CFO position. 

I'm sad to say this will be Don's last earnings call. Don, I want to thank you for your professional contribution and your 
personal friendship and I wish you all the best in the future. 

Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Thanks Mike. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

With that I will turn the call over to questions and answers. 


Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michael Gallo [C.L. King & Associates]. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Hi good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Morning, Mike. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: I guess my question is centered around the longer term outlook for U.S. Domestic coal. I was 
wondering as you look at the recent acquisition of TXU and subsequent canceling of some intended coal fired plan, 
weather that alters your outlook at all weather you view this as a one off, just kind of weather that generates any 
changes in thinking at all or just any further commentary you can give us on that, thank you? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks Mike, You know we are obviously very positive on the long term view of coal as 
the primary fuel for baseload power generation in the United States. To go back to the 90's when the merchant 
generating phase was very popular and everybody was rushing to gas, then it looked like a very attractive method until 
the gas prices began to increase and it wasn't very long ago when we were looking at 10 to $12 gas. I think it was 
couple of years we were at those kinds of rates. So the reality is that is a real strong economic consequence of using gas 
a primary fuel source across power generation throughout the United States. So from an economic reality standpoint I 
think coal has got to play a very important role in baseload power generation. The new technologies, whether they're 
integrated gas combine cycle or the new super critical technologies, make a significant reduction in emissions. And so I 
think in the near term, coal is just going to be a practical necessity. I think despite what you hear in the press today I 
think the reality is going to be that gas prices would accelerate dramatically if everybody went to gas for baseload 
power. I'm not even sure we have enough gas supplies in the U.S. to keep up with the demand just in the U.S. alone. 

So we're very positive on coal beyond the near term. The effort and the investments are being put today in things like 
coal to liquid technology and the combined cycle -- integrated gas combine cycle technology -- will make coal an 
environmentally competitive fuel as well. So you put all those things into the equation and I think TXU is an exception 
because it is really a negotiating ploy more than a business strategy at this point. And I think you've got to look at it 
from that standpoint. I don't see any of our other utilities making a switch to gas in the near term. I think that their 
long-term outlook -- these are 40-year investments -- I think their long-term outlook continues to weigh the economics 
and environmental aspects of putting both of those in the balance. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Do you believe that ultimately -- and I don't know if you have a view on this or not -- that 
somebody inevitably will end up coming to fill the gap and build additional coal-fired plants? I don't know if you have 
a view on that or not. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, right now we have somewhere near 90 gigawatts of power-generating capacity that's 
in the proposal planning permitting stages today, and the vast majority of that's coal fired. Some of that was the TXU 
plants. I think 60 gigawatts have been up for discussion. I think the vast majority of those plants is a long-term planning 
process, a lot of things considered in those planning processes, not easily changed at the 11th hour. So I don't really see 
a lot of changes in things that are in the pipeline. Whether you'll see a shift to more gas or not, I really doubt that other 
than for reasons we're seeing in the press today. I really don't think that the power generators around the U.S., the 
utilities in particular, I don't think that they'll make a decision on a short-term basis. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Mike. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Charles Brady [BMO Capital Markets]. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Hi, thanks. Good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Charlie. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Can you give me some insight into in the past on the lag in activity as regard to coal pricing? So 
if we were to see at some point when coal pricing starts picking back up, what is the impact to Joy as far as the lag time 
between when those coal producers start buying equipment again? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, Charlie, that's a good question. I think we look at that from 2 standpoints. First of all if 
you look at the coal inventories, I think we finished December at somewhere near 140 million tons in stockpiles in the 

U.S. And the projections by the end of February are for that to be down to 130 million, so we're seeing a depletion in 
those stockpiles pretty rapidly as this cold spell continues. 
When that translates into better pricing? I think that you'll see a pretty quick movement in pricing as the stockpile 
levels come down. They've come from 50 days. They're down to 41 days. And if that continues to decline, I think you'll 
see some pricing action pretty quickly. 

When does that translate into equipment purchases? I think our customers will tend to be cautious about replacing 
CapEx. The aftermarket will pick up immediately. The aftermarket is directly tied to equipment utilization, and as 
equipment goes back to use, we'll see a pick-up in our aftermarket revenues, caution around capital equipment. 
However, we did an aging analysis and the average age of the underground mining fleet in the U.S., the continuous 
miner fleet is about 7 years. We nominally say that those machines have an effective life of 8 years. In some cases, that 
can be stretched to 9 or 10, but we do have a relatively old fleet of equipment out in the market today. That occurred 
because the old machines were not replaced with new machines, but the old machines were rebuilt and continued to 
work alongside the new machines. So I think from that perspective, there'll be a quicker-than-normal return to capital 
spending as people really do need to begin to replace those old machines, and they'll do that when the prices and the 
demand picks up. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Okay, thanks. And in your comments, you talked about in negotiations and you weren't going to 
sacrifice acceptable margins just to make a good bookings number. Does that imply then that we could see a pick-up; a 
sharp pick-up in bookings if some of the stuff that's being negotiated maybe is taking a little more time, but in the next 
quarter or two that the bookings number could see a pick-up? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well if you look at our guidance number, certainly we need to have stronger orders to 
support that guidance, and that's consistent with our expectation. How quickly that happens, I wouldn't want to have 
you believe that it's going to happen instantaneously in today's market, because conditions are a bit softer, we tend to 
get negotiations strung out a little longer, customers trying to push for a little more, we're trying to hold on to things 
that we think are good for our business, and that process just takes a little longer. But certainly as we look forward, we 
certainly expect the order bookings numbers to improve during the year to support the revenue guidance that we've 
given. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: And then one final question and I'll jump back in the queue. Just a little more color on the 
expansion that you've talked about, say there's some additional CapEx over the next couple of years, is there any roof 
line for that is it all just internal machining tools? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I'm going to let Don answer that, he's been pretty deeply involved in the CapEx approval 
process, because he's got a lot more detailed information, so Don? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah, I think Charlie it's going to be very consistent with what you've heard our statements in the 
past on that subject are, which is the project is generally to increase machining capabilities at P&H mining, that's one 
half of the equation on increasing overall OE capabilities because the other would be the large fabrications and such. 
And what we've consistently said Charlie, is that if we're going to add roof line, then we're going to make sure that roof 


line is in the appropriate market places going forward, and so if there is roof line to be involved with it, it's going to be 
in lower-cost marketplaces, not in necessarily our traditional manufacturing environments that we have around the 
world. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Charlie, I'd just probably add to that, the capacity that we're adding is the machining of key 
components that go into the shovel product line, generally around shafts and gears, transmissions, things of that nature, 
and that capacity is quite fungible between original equipment and aftermarket, and we need to get ahead of our 
aftermarket, we've been building backlog over the last couple of years in aftermarket parts, and we need to begin to 
work that down to deal with the stronger activity among some of the pirates out there trying to take advantage of our 
backlog situation. So we do need to devote that capacity to the aftermarket and get ahead of our after-market demand, 
and that aftermarket demand will continue to increase, as our installed base continues to grow. But it is fungible with 
original equipment and for the last couple of quarters we've been booking shovels in excess of the capacity that we just 
recently completed. So we're looking at that. We have a little bit more flexibility on original equipment because those 
are probably longer lead time project-related bookings, but we still need to look at that as well and we'll probably 
utilize this capacity to work down our aftermarket backlog and improve our deliveries but also begin to give ourselves 
a little bit better capacity on the original equipment side. If we can do both those, but certainly the first preference 
would be to serve after market first. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Thanks [inaudible] very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks, Charlie. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thank you, Charlie. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Alex Blanton [Ingalls & Snyder]. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: Good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Alex. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Morning, Alex. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: I have a question related to what you were just talking about; the additional component 
machining capacity you said you're going to spend $50 million on that? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Correct. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Correct 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: I haven't followed the company closely, so you may have answered this in the past, but 
have you determined that this capacity or this capability is a core competency of the company, or is it possible that you 
could outsource this and save the $50 million? And then I have a follow-up to that. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: No, it is definitely core competency. As we have expanded, Alex, over the last 3 years since 
the cycle really began, on the surface side of the business at P&H Machine, in fact, they have increased their 
outsourcing of non-core operations that they could outsource and I think the last number I saw that they were in the 
range of 500,000 production hours annually of outsourced items, and so they consistently look to outsource those 
operations, those activities that don't make sense from a core competency standpoint and keep themselves the high core 
competency/intellectual property, and in general those activities that provide the highest margin parts. And so be 
assured that this all involves those type of activities, Alex. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: These are machinings and castings mainly. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Castings, forgings from bar stock. I mean it could be machining from a variety of raw 
material components, but it is machining. Now machining of very large parts at P&H, including ring gears of up to 50 
foot in diameter, machining of very specific alloys, and so it's not – please don't believe that it's common machining 
activities either, Alex. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: Okay. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Alex, on this capacity add, our current expectations are that it will take all this capacity to work 
down some increased backlogs on our after-market parts and to stay ahead of a growing demand for after-market parts 
as the installed base continues to expand. So this is really capacity that is dedicated primarily to after market and we 
believe that there is more after market out there than this capacity will be able to deal with. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: Well, it sounds to me like those things make you kind of – would make you a very 
important supplier of these parts in the future. If this capacity is not generally available in these kinds of specialty large 
parts, is that correct? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, no it is only for our equipment, Alex, and so it isn't as though we're going to be a 
machining... 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: I realize that, but people couldn't go and find this elsewhere. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: In many cases, that's true. A lot of the core competency is around things like collar seam 
dimension, metallurgy and over many years of evolution we've been able to get extremely long life out of our gears and 
gear cases. You can go outside to pirate competitors and they'll give you a look alike product but you won't get the 
service like out of that product. And our customers understand that and as a result they always prefer to come back to 
us for replacement parts and replacement transmissions. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: And a related question. Are there any other supply chain issues that by working on them, 
that you are working on and by working on them and you can solve problems and accelerate deliveries. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Constantly. We haven't mentioned any specifically this quarter, Alex, but in prior quarters 
we talked at different times early on in '04, thoughts about plate steel, then it went into castings and forgings. Mike has 
spoken on a number of cases about debottlenecking in relationship to that. And so I have full operations with both Joy 
and P&H continue to work on those critical components as we drive overall production levels and capacity upwards, so 
we'll continue to run into them from time to time. And in general, recently at least, they've been stopping them pretty 
well. 

<Q - Alexander Blanton>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: You're welcome, Alex. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Terry Darling [Goldman Sachs]. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: Morning gentlemen. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Terry. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning, Terry. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: I was hoping to understand a little bit, what's going on with the guidance I understand it is 
unchanged, but it sounds from your commentary like there's been some change in the mix, that you have probably 
lowered your U.S. coal OE assumptions for Joy, somewhat significantly, and perhaps scaled back the after market 
growth, though it's still going to be growing. And I guess I'm translating from some of your macro comments, some of 
that's being made up by oil sands and iron ore? But wondering if you could clarify really the key changes of the overall 


mix though the guidance is staying unchanged overall? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: The underground original equipment that's tied to the U.S. coal market, we do expect -we'll 
go back to the U.S. underground coal. We're not expecting any change in the conditions in that market. So what 
we've seen over the last two quarters is what we expect to see going forward. So that's a very soft market, a lot 
reluctance to spend CapEx and we don't see that changing. So from that standpoint, the expectation for capital 
equipment in the U.S. underground business, we expect that to be our softest part of our business. We -- on the surface 
side, we have increased our capacity here. We're bringing new capacity on line. 2007 will be our ramp up during the 
year, so it's not going to be an instantaneous increase in capacity, but a ramp up during the year as we go through the 
process of commissioning the machine and training the work force and getting the pipeline of parts flowing. 

So from that standpoint, we have limited ability on the surface side to overshoot revenues and compensate for the 
softness in the U.S. underground original equipment markets. So we're sort of I think struggling between those two 
issues. One is the softness in underground equipment and secondly we have strong demand in surface equipment and 
we're rushing to try to keep up with that demand but in the near term we'll have some realistic capacity limitations and 
our ability to do that. 

On the after market side, we feel pretty good about the after market. The weakness in the after, I say weakness, the 
softness in the after market was driven somewhat from the U.S. coal business but our U.S. after market orders really 
didn't decline. What we did see softness in was a lot of the international markets where we didn't see any growth in the 
after market. Our normal growth year over year growth just wasn't there this quarter due to some timing issues and that 
we saw in the first quarter. So we expect those timing issues to come back and we expect the after market order growth 
on a worldwide basis to move up in the high single, low double digit ranges. We are working hard to try to increase our 
output out of P&H and sort of exceed our capacity limits if you will and we're not banking on a lot of improvement in 
the OE underground business for U.S. coal. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: And which end markets or commodity markets are making up some of the weakness in the coal 
side? Is that oil sands and iron ore on the after market side? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well we've actually had one of our strongest markets has been mining shovels going into 
international surface coal operations and certainly copper has been, we've had multiple machine orders into copper, 
multiple machine orders in iron ore, multiple machine orders into oil sands but if you say numerically which one is the 
strongest market, it would be international coal. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: Okay and on the first quarter I understand you didn't have any specific guidance on the first 
quarter but I'm wondering if you could share the variances versus your own internal expectations now that obviously 
you've reported the numbers, not in terms of orders but in terms of the revenue and the margin performance. You've 
obviously talked a little bit about the slippage and some of the international upside but I'm wondering if you could 
highlight any other key issues? 

<A - Donald Roof>: I don't actually, Terry, I think there was very little real difference in the margins in operating 
performance from internal guidance. On the top line we knew it was going to be a more normal first quarter as we 
discussed in December. Do we always ship 100% of every single thing we forecast, we haven't for a number of quarters 
and that was no different in the first quarter but that again has been the case most every quarter that we end up a little 
short of what we would hope to ship in any particular quarter. From an operating performance, there were no real 
significant differences. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: Okay. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Probably, Terry, on the obviously because we have a lower revenue quarter our SG&A 
expenses as a percent of sales were higher than we would have liked them to be but you have that first quarter low 
point that you have to work yourself through. Inventory build was greater than it should have been and even though 
we're happy we have that raw material and component parts on the ground today because it will help us meet our 
shipping increases in second, third and fourth quarters, it would still have been a more efficient process to bring them in 
just when we needed them in and not bring them in ahead of time. 


So if we look at our business, the first quarter low point is typical seasonality in a business and probably with the 
exception of some projects and some of other kinds of things that help us occasionally we probably aren't going to be 
able to change that dramatically but we can do a better job of not bringing inventory in early and having those big 
working capital increases during the first quarter and so there are some areas that we look at and say we could have 
done a better job on and we could have improved on. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: Okay, thanks and Don we'll miss you on the future calls here. Thanks for all your great work 
over the years. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks Terry. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks Terry. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Barry Bannister [Stifel Nicolaus]. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi guys how are you? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Morning Barry. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Morning Barry. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Don, it's been a long road for Joy, there's a 500 million market cap post tarnished figure 
Chapter 11 and you and your team there have done good work so congratulations. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks Barry. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: You know, I tend to focus more on the macro and the products except perhaps when it comes 
to the accounting rules you can educate me but is there any reason or rule why Joy Global could not purchase a large 
block of stocks from yourself and John Hanson and former officers who have been there since the beginning, watched 
the stock rise sharply and now have become significant shareholders. 

<A - Donald Roof>: No reason that I'm aware of Barry but I think at least our practice over the past five quarters has 
just been taking it out in the open market or -- help me Barry with the question a little bit more. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Well it's hard to dispose at least in an orderly fashion of very, very, very large blocks of stock 
like that. Maybe you are doing that over a period of time but what I'm trying to gauge is something equivalent to a 
bought deal where the market cap could be shrunk in an orderly fashion using the excess cash in the balance sheet or 
the borrowing power. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah Barry, our position is always around high levels of transparency. We do that in our 
business with our customers and we do that with our analyst and shareholders as well and our preference would be as 
guys like Don and John begin to move out in the private world and are not tied to some commitments associated with 
the business and they want to rebalance their personal investment portfolios, our preference is obviously to do that over 
time but also to do that in the open market and it just makes it a much more visible process, it keeps any kind of stigma 
away from whether the deal was good for the company or good for the individual and all other things being equal it 
would be best if all those trades were done in the open market so we're not really at this point have any plans to do any 
kind of a direct purchase arrangement and would really not want to do that. Our objective would be to buy a low point. 
I think -- I would assume Don and John's objective would be to sell at high point so trying to work out what's best for 
both, sometimes a very difficult thing to do. 

<A - Donald Roof>: So even total holdings for John Hanson was by far the largest of the management owners is still a 
significantly less than our daily trading volume Barry, and so it really wouldn't, I agree with Mike as far as we'd 
probably just normally do it open market. 


<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay and then the Centurion is certainly exciting but I haven't heard a word about drag lines 
in quite a while. Could you update us on A, drag lines and B, if I wanted to walk in today and buy a 4100 XPC about 
what would I pay? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well it's – the Centurion product is really doing very well and I think the customers are very 
pleased with it, and they're seeing the productivity improvements in the machine. The operators obviously love the 
system, but they are seeing the productivity improvements in the machine. Drag lines for us – there is a – I think we've 
long said that the drag-line market is one or two a year. We've never been big subscribers to the belief that there is 
going to be a large replacement market for drag lines. We're still looking at that one or two per year. But drag lines for 
us take away two mining shovels of capacity, so for every drag line we put in we lose one and a half or two build slots 
for mining shovels. Mining shovels is a core product for us. Our customers look to us primarily for that product and 
that product is also a good generator of after-market, which is an important core strategy to our business. 

So when we get into those discussions we reach a point below which we're – in terms of pricing and margin we reach a 
point below which we don't feel is good for the business to go after the drag line order and lose the capacity on the 
mining shovels; and that is where we've been in a couple of cases. We'd like to do both, but to do both we need to make 
exceptional margins on the drag line, and we haven't been able to get there in the ones we've looked at more recently. 
Whether that will change going forward, I don't know. But that will be our position and will continue to be our 
position. So we think the mining shovels in the long-term is a much better business to be in. We think it's just stronger, 
sustainable, better margins, better after-market business -- that will always be our first preference. I guess until we have 
excess capacity we'll continue to be selective when it comes to drag lines. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Understood. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: In the 4100 XPC I think we're 

<A - Donald Roof>: I think, Barry... 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We probably have 16 to 18 months at this point 

<A - Donald Roof>: 16 to 18 million. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Oh sorry. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Well it might actually be the same either way, but probably high teens, Barry, excluding any 
value of long-term maintenance contracts, excluding big supplies of parts that might be delivered, excluding large 
amounts of training that might be delivered -- that would be kind of the base price of the machine. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Or if modifications for oil sands went in. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yes. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes. If you look at or pricing and our margins, I know that there has been talk around about 
$20 million per shovel kind of talk, but at least I don't see the margins associated that being incremental pricing. There 
is incremental product that goes into that $20 million. So if you look at our base machine, our base machine pricing and 
our margins associated with that, that 16 to 18 million kind of range – and that gives us a base machine with good 
margins. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes. Thank you, Barry. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thank you, Barry. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek [Cleveland Research Company]. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Mark. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Good morning. Mike, you had a comment early on with regard to mentioning bookings and 
the fact that you guys are maintaining the same accounting rigor associated with that, and it kind of raises the question 
as to why you mentioned that. Is there a significant amount of push-back going on right now from your U.S. 
underground customers seeking some kind of pricing or terms relief, given the weak conditions they're experiencing? 
And if that is the case is there a block or like say call it a front log of potential pending orders that could get released 
once you either make a decision to grant that relief or when market conditions firm up? Could you discuss that please? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, actually the issue we have on bookings is I think it is a continual process of work in 
terms of conditions with our customers. We'd obviously like to sell products with the best possible terms we can. A 
customer wants to push all the risk off to us and so it's always a negotiation in between. It turns out that the U.S. is not 
really a major factor in that our discussions with the U.S. customers generally tend to be straightforward. We have seen 
some consolidations in the international market and with those consolidations the customers gain more strength, they 
get more aggressive in some of the negotiations; and sometimes new people go into position they start to process over 
so where we had standard terms with the customer that customer goes through a merger process, new people are 
making the decisions and we start that process over again. 

So it tends to be more in the international market. It tends to be more an issue of trying to hold onto terms and 
conditions that we think are important for our business. For example, we just don't take on contingent liabilities, we just 
don't think it's worth the risk for us to take on contingent liabilities and I think that's probably a pretty good example. 
Now our customers would love for us to do that and we're constantly trying to find ways to resolve the issue so that 
they can be satisfied and we can be satisfied; but the issue that I'm talking about really has very little to do with the 

U.S. market, that seems to be a little bit more straightforward and we don't have those kind of issues in the U.S. market. 
The order of rates that we're, the order booking process in the international markets probably is not unusual from the 
perspective of the last few years. I mean I think this is fairly typical, but in our underground business where those 
international become more important and we're looking at those orders to back fill for the softness in the U.S., timing 
becomes a much bigger more magnified factor today than it was a year or two ago. 

I think the other thing behind Mike's comment Mark is that understand we do not go to the operations and say that the 
end of a particular quarter is coming so therefore see if you can get that large international order into bookings. Let the 
bookings process take its course so that we get the right transaction with the customer not because we want to have a 
particular bookings number in one quarter versus another. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay and a follow-up to that actually on the international call side would be the revenues that 
you folks capture from developing country demand. We've looked at little bit of a plateauing last year. There was only 
slight growth to I think 307 million and in your outlook for 2.7 to 3 billion, what kind of developing country revenue 
growth would you expect in that overall guidance? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I think Mark if you look at the emerging markets, 2007 was a little bit of a transition year. 

<A - Donald Roof>: 2006. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: In China in particular if you go back in time, roof supports were a big part of the revenue 
stream in China. We would generally sell one or two sets of roof supports into China if you go back over the last 3 or 4 
years. 

We never had a high percentage of the market, but we would, for various reasons, we would book 1 to 2 sets a year. 
China has virtually converted all of their roof support requirements to domestic Chinese manufacturers. And so that's 
not really -- as we go forward, that's not really a key part of our revenue expectations for China in particular. 


Now strategically, that's still really the right decision for us. We never were overly excited about the -- trying to go get 
more roof support business in China because we didn't want to give up margin and we -- and it doesn't generate a lot of 
after-market revenue for us. So we were focusing more on things like sheering machines, miners, phase conveyors. 

And as we go forward, that'll continue to be a good solid revenue base for us and it'll be a good solid base for 
after-market revenues as well. So if you look at 2006, we sort of have to exclude the roof support revenues that we 
were getting in 2004, 5 and one set I think we delivered in 2006. If you take those out of the equation and then you get 
more sustainable growth rate going forward. We're continuing to expect out of the emerging markets, not just China but 
India, Russia and the other emerging markets a higher than normal growth rate and we're still looking for strong 
double-digit growth out of those markets. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. Very good. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Bleustein [UBS]. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, David. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Hey, David. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: A quick longer-term question, you mentioned coal gasification in your prepared remarks an in 
response to 1 or 2 of the questions. What are you hearing about utilities' willingness to make the technological switch 
and if so, over what timeframe are -- do you expect these plans to become more popular? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, the -- right now, on the integrated gas combined cycle plus coal gasification 
technologies that they're using, I think that there are 3 or 4 of those plants that are in various stages of permitting. So 
there's commitments to build 3 or 4 of those plants. We still don't have any large scale use of that technology and I 
think everyone is waiting to see how the first plants go. Not necessarily from an operating standpoint, but from a capital 
cost standpoint. The first time you build something, you always worry about cost overruns and higher expense levels. 

The technology will work, it's just a matter of I think debugging it. If we go back up to the oil sands, I was in a business 
that was involved in the oil sands in the mid-80s doing some horizontal drilling work in that steam-assisted gravity 
drain project. 

They tried the bucket well excavators and they tried a number of different things. And finally, when they got the 
large-sized truck and shovel fleet, they found the economy of scale that really worked for them. And that oil sands 
market has done very, very well since they standardized on truck and shovel fleets. But it took them 8 to 10 years of 
trial and error to find the right equation. I think you'll see that a little bit on this coal-to-gas technology as well. We've 
some plumber type plants, Sasol's got some larger plants, but they're 20 years old. You have to build and prototype and 
scale up and work that equation. I think it's going to take a few cycles and 4 to 6 years going through this before we'll 
see any large scale commitment to these new technologies. And I -- from our customers' standpoint, I don't think we 
can expect them to make massive investments in long-term, long-life plants on the basis of technology that shows great 
promise but has not yet proven its cost effectiveness and its sustainability and reliability. I think all those things can be 
done. It's a matter of going through the iterations to get down to that point where then everything becomes predictable 
and people are willing to make those investments. So very, very strong prospects for the future, but I just don't see a 
dash to using these technologies here in the next 4 to 6 years. I think it'll be get the first wave in and see how those 
things go and then decide what to do next, and it may take 2 or 3 waves before we actually get a universal solution. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Gotcha. And Don, best of luck. 


<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Dave. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks, Dave. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy [Robert W. Baird]. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hey, Robert. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Hey, Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Can I just ask for a couple of clarifications first. It might help everybody if you reminded 
everybody what the high end of your EBIT margin targets is in actual numbers. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Margin or numbers, Rob? 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I'm going back to the guidance implies that the margins will be at the high end of our target 
range. 

<A - Donald Roof>: The guidance if you look really even at the low end, high end if you took low end of earnings 
against low end of revenues either side, it's sitting right there at 19% of sales which would be in excess of the 18.4 we 
achieved – I think it was 18.4 – last year. And it is the high end of the 18 to 19% target that we established 2 or 3 years 
ago, Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. Your original equipment business in U.S. underground coal has been under some 
pressure now for about a year, right? Wasn't it around this time last year that you started to see some signs of emerging 
weakness there? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Maybe a little bit later, but not too much later than now. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Around this time, first and second quarter we started to see a slowing in the original 
equipment order rate in the U.S. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. And what I'm going to try to push you to is a – I'm going to try and get you out on a 
limb to endorse the idea that the 50% year-to-year decline that you saw in the first quarter is likely the worse 
percentage decline we'll see. Can I get you there? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yes. Yes, you probably could because of the comps. Certainly fourth quarter last year fell off 
significantly. Third quarter of last year fell off because I think we said at that time it was like a 33% drop in OE orders 
in the third quarter. So yes, I don't think we'd have to go too far out on a limb on that one, Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. And I'd like to ask again about the incremental capacity that you're adding. If I recall 
correctly, the work that you've completed to date brings your effective shovel capacity on a full-year basis to something 
like a couple dozen that you, of course as you mentioned, have to ramp up into through the course of this year. While I 
understand that you want to do something about aftermarket lead time, it's not clear to me that machine tools that will 
first be in place and ready to help capacity more than a year from now will do much to help that. So are we talking 
about simply a longer timeframe than I would have guessed the comment refers to? Or are you suggesting that you may 
actually need to slow the ramp in shovel production a little bit to try to run a little harder in aftermarket? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: No. We will not slow the ramp up, Rob, we can't. The slots are committed. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: That's what I thought. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: And so, actually I think that P&H is looking at getting into about the 26 shovel range, but 
this new expansion, obviously will be fungible, so it's going to be a fine line of how we can keep up with the after 
market until some of this new capacity starts coming on line. Understand, remember what Mike talked about in the 
fourth quarter is that at even the board meeting before that they also approved another project for expansion, I think at 
that time we talked about a $5 million project for some small expansion at that point in time. So it is a balancing act as 
compared to and we need it desperately for increased demands on the after market. It will be fungible longer term for 
after market and/or OE components. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Oh, so let me then take that to the logical extension of that. What kind of shovel-equivalent 
capacity will you be adding, and where might you be by the end of '08 in terms of functional shovel capacity? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Rob, you're very correct that we're not going to give up shovel deliveries because of a 
growing after market, because we have commitments behind those shovels, we make delivery promises to our 
customers, we live behind the promises. And so when we do those bookings we do make commitments that we're going 
to live with. As we bring this new capacity on line, a lot of that new capacity is tied to our projections of transmission 
and gear replacements based on the utilization and life of the machines that are in the fleet. So it's not like we're getting 
overwhelmed with after market and the guys are looking other places to go for after market. We're barely keeping up 
where we are today. But as we project forward, we see that growth out there and our need to support a higher level of 
after market with the growing installed base in the field. Ideally, this capacity will come on line just in time to do that. 
Realistically, we probably would like to get it quicker, because the demand from the after markets runs a little bit faster 
than we would like. But we can't juggle our shovel slots to get there. 

So we're just going to have to keep working with customers on balancing both. We do more rebuilds on gears and 
transmissions and try to get them by and get us by in the process, but that is, hopefully, the capacity and all that will 
come together without having too much adverse effect on the after market. But at this point we will not add incremental 
shovel capacity to the detriment of the after market and we'll manage our slots accordingly. Now if we could see our 
way clear on the after market and know that we can support our customers and still add a few shovel slots we would do 
that. Now the theoretical shovel capacity if you put nothing in the after market and you dedicate it all to shovels that 
would be about 10 incremental shovels. Again, we're only talking about capacity to do a portion of that product. We are 
not building capacity for the weldments and other kind of structural elements of the shovel, but the core mechanical 
components is what we're working around at this point. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I understand that and I'm not trying to put words in your mouth, but it's my impression at 
least that adding large fabrication weldment capacity is something that you perhaps could do on a more expedited basis 
if you saw the need to do so. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We could do that both internally and with outsourcing. And we're doing both of those. I 
mean we can bring on more internal capacity if we want to. We can also do outsourcing both domestically and 
internationally and we are currently doing outsourcing both domestically and internationally for the fabrications. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, one more if I might. I just wondered if I could get your take on this recent denial of 
DME's petition for federal funding based on the objections of Rochester. I mean do you have a view on what that does 
to any kind of a time line for another rail spur into the PRB? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I think PRB is – they're working on rail efficiencies and the balance of the PRB is – I think 
is probably a good balance between rail capacity and production levels. Everybody would like to have a lot of excess 
rail capacity except for railroads and they'd like to be running at 95% utilization so as we've seen the PRB ramp up and 
they seem to be able to get more coal out of the PRB with those limitations in place, I think that that's just a bottleneck 
that they will work up against and they'll find ways to get a little better and get a little better but you know as I guess 
our belief is that scrubbers come online, we'll see some of that incremental coal demand shift back to the high BTU 
eastern coal and that doesn't meant that the PRB coal is going to see a decline in demand but I think the growth rates 
will level off a bit as the eastern coal picks up some of that incremental demand with scrubbers coming online. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: All right thanks. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you Rob. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thank you Rob. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Barry Haimes [Sage Asset Management]. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Hi guys. Don, also thanks again for everything and lots of good luck. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks Barry. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: My question has to do with India. That's a market in the past you've referred to as a lot of 
promise but not much going on yet and I'm just wondering if since the last time we spoke on the call if there had been 
any changes in that market? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Barry I think the India market is a market that takes a long time for things to get done so to 
say nothing has changed probably really does sum it up. By my own experience I'm a bit of a cynic on the Indian 
market because it's so bureaucratic and things take so long but I am seeing changes in India that I think are very 
promising and the one change that's going on in India is a strong service sector economy that's growing there and that's 
growing around people that are well educated, software engineers and programmers and people like that and I think 
that the ability of the Indian government to drag things down through bureaucracy will be put under pressure and I 
think you'll start to see some changes in India. You will take the privatization -- I don't think the Indian government 
operating the mines can get there I think it'll take some privatization but I do think that the social forces underway is 
going to force something to happen. 

We still are putting equipment in India but it is a slow process, the rate of equipment going into India today is not 
dramatically different than it was 4 or 5 years ago so that sort of tells you that that is sort of a steady state condition 
there so we are very hopeful that the economy there is growing very rapidly in fact the growth rate I think last year 
finished at 9.5%, coal demand is up, imports are up. There is real pressure coming on. You are seeing the steel 
producers wanting to invest in India. You're seeing more and more companies looking at India for manufacturing 
capacity expansion. So I think you have all of the ingredients in place for something to happen. The question is always 
when will that be. And we're taking a wait-and-see attitude. We're in place; we have an organization in India working 
the equipment we have there, looking for new opportunities. But we're not going to make our large-scale investment 
until we begin to see some movement in the market itself. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Great, update. Thanks, I appreciate. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Barry. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Seth Weber [Banc of America Securities]. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Seth. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Hi, good morning – afternoon. My questions have all been asked and answered. So 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks, Seth. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Happy trails Don. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. Thanks, Seth. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Barry Bannister [Stifel Nicolaus]. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi, Barry. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Guys, I know it's hard to ask a question about a competitor, but if -- and then I'm familiar with 
20-mile and we've talked in the past about the predominant roof supports vis-à-vis other more profitable lines -- but if 
you were to give a report card to DVT in its competitive position now, where would you cite some strengths and 
weaknesses in your opinion? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, Barry, I don't think it's – we can comment on that. We think DVT is a very creditable 
competitor. We've been competing with them in the marketplace for a long time. We win orders; they win orders. The 
ones we win I think are hard-fought. The ones they win are hard-fought. But to get into specific strengths and 
weaknesses, I... 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Yes, I realize it was an open-ended question and a tough one. Let me ask you more 
specifically then. If I look at the just back of the envelope backlog to trailing revenues for DVT versus your 
underground segment, theirs looks a little higher. Now backlog may or may not be a good thing. Depends on whether 
it's profitable, and if it's caused because they just can't fill the orders. But when I look at their strategic thrust, for 
instance, in China how would you stack up them as a competitor within China in terms of you're obviously a leader 
with Shenhua but there are a lot of other miners out there that are also being vied over? How do you assess them there? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Well, maybe I'll let Mike take the China part, but I'll address the first part because, Barry, to a 
certain extent that ratio will be based on the business model. DVT, with their strength in roof supports phase conveyors, 
has a much lower percentage of their total revenues reported. We haven't seen any numbers other than what has been 
reported recently as well as original equipment versus after-market. So their backlog would be higher to revenues 
because of the fact that it would be heavily dominated by original-equipment revenue streams as far as – as opposed to 
after-market revenue streams at joint mining with 2/3 of their revenues being after-market would turn much more 
quickly and would not show up as much in the backlogs. Similarly some of the other product lines such as the large 
percentage of orders that Joy receives in continuous miners sheers and shuttle cars would be in general shorter-turning 

– quicker-turning, sorry, orders than would necessarily the large roof-support projects. But Mike, I'll let you comment 
on the China portion of that. 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, on China I think that DVT is a strong supplier to Shenhua just as we are. The nature of 
that market, though, has had them focusing more on roof-support sales to Shenhua and we've focused on more of the -if 
you will -- the machinery kind of products to Shenhua, and so we both had our successes with Shenhua and we've 
had our successes in areas that I think each company gravitated to and certainly where we are we're happy to be the 
point we are more on the machinery side of the business; but DVT has had good success with Shenhua and they've had 
good success with other customers there and they'll continue to have good success. China is just a very large market 
with a lot of opportunity and so I think you'll see growth in China by all the players there. Hopefully our growth rates 
will be higher than the other guys and we certainly intend to make that happen, but I think everybody will have 
probably put China on the list as our highest growth prospect and you could probably list 5 or 6 companies that will do 
that, that we compete with both surface and underground. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And with your very strong service and parts network, do you often find yourself servicing 
their machines to include the continuous miner they bought from [inaudible] years ago? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Never. Part of our strategy, we do if you look at our business I do believe our aftermarket 
infrastructure is probably our single greatest asset we have in this business and we're not going to help them sell 
original equipment by doing all the aftermarket support to their equipment. So underground we only service our own 
equipment underground, that's just a very strong strategic position we've taken. On the surface because of the 


consolidation of product lines through the years, we do a little bit broader amount of work on the surface and we'll do 
almost some job shop kind of work on vacation for key customers that need us to do that, but on the underground we 
strictly stick to our own equipment. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Thank you guys. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks Barry. 

<A - Donald Roof>: -- Thanks Barry. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Does that sound like the end of the call list? 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

If there are no more questions, I'd just like to conclude the call by thanking everyone for their interest and their support 
in Joy Global; and we appreciate your continued support and thank you very much and good morning. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


