Q1 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
• John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Mercedes Garcia Ayuso 
• Michael Gallo 
• Mark Koznarek 
• Charles Brady 
• Joel Tiss 
• Michael Sutherlin 
• Robert McCarthy 
• Brendan Browne 
• Barry Haimes 
• David Bleustein 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Jodi and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Joy Global First Quarter Fiscal Year 2006 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I 
would like to turn the conference over to Don Roof, CFO. Please go ahead sir. 

Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Thank you Jodi, and I would like to welcome all of our listeners to our first quarter earnings call for fiscal 2006. Myself 
and John Hanson, our Chairman, President and CEO will be speaking this morning. In addition in the room on the call 
we do have Mike Sutherlin, President of Joy Mining Machinery, Gene Fuhrmann as Vice President and Corporate 
Controller; Mike Olsen, Senior Vice President of Finance for Joy Mining; and John Fons, our General Counsel. 

Format will be similar to prior quarters, I'm going to review with the financial highlights and results and then I will turn 
the call over to John Hanson for an update on market conditions, updated 12-month guidance, and the 
question-and-answer session. 

We would like to remind all the listeners that a reply of the call is available on the 800 number listed in the press 
release until March 17 and on our website until March 31. Couple of upcoming events for the company, the company 
will be presenting at the Smith Barney Conference in New York next week on March 8 at 9:45 a.m. and the 
presentation will be webcast. 

In addition for your forward calendars, we anticipate releasing second quarter earnings the morning of Thursday, May 
25, and our next Analyst Day will be on Wednesday, May 31 at our P&H mining facility here in Milwaukee. We will 


be sending out information on this in the near future 

Before I begin, our forward-looking disclaimer for this morning's call, I would like to reference the disclosures in our 
press release and our SEC filings. We will be making forward-looking statements today. All statements that are not 
historical facts involve risks and uncertainties. All statements are subject to change at any time and we might not 
update such statements. Such statements are based on management's current expectations. In addition to all this, there 
are factors, we set out in our press release, our latest 10-Q and 10-K that could cause actual results to be significantly 
different from those that are contemplated. 

With that, let me discuss a few financial matters. I would like to start with first quarter bookings and revenues. Total 
bookings in the first quarter came in just under $600 million and reflected strength in a couple of areas. After-market 
orders continued to reflect continued strength again this quarter, increasing by 23%, the 11th straight quarter of 
double-digit growth. 

Original equipment orders at P&H were very strong with a number of shovel orders being booked and P&H's OE 
orders in total increasing by over a 175%. The only area of negative lumpiness in the first quarter were OE orders at 
Joy Mining, which were lower than last year by a double-digit percent. However, as you will hear in John's comments, 
we believe this is solely timing as market conditions remain very strong. 

Last quarter, John spoke as to how the first quarter was going to be stronger than is typically true due to the high 
production levels at both operations. Revenues in the first quarter reflected this strength, increasing in most every area 
to a level of $553 million or 48% higher than in the first quarter of last year. Original equipment revenues grew by 
more than 125% in the quarter and amounted to almost half of total revenues versus only 30% of total revenues in the 
first quarter of last year. At the same time, after-market revenues continued their growth pattern increasing by 13% in 
the first quarter. Overall, the first quarter saw strong bookings and extremely strong revenues. 

Next, I would like to turn to operating earnings and incremental profitability. Operating earnings in the first quarter 
more than doubled from the first quarter of last year to a level in excess of $90 million. Last quarter, we increased 
guidance on incremental operating earnings profitability to a level of 25 to 30% of sales increase for fiscal 2006. I am 
pleased to report that our overall incremental profitability for the quarter came in at 27%. This level was achieved 
despite OE revenues, which has somewhat lower margins, increasing from 30% of sales last year to 46% this year. It 
also came despite higher manufacturing overhead, increased cost of outsourcing, and increases in certain SG&A areas. 
You will note that despite these constraining factors, gross profit margins increased again in the current quarter from 
those of the prior year. 

In total, operating earnings amounted to 16.3% of sales, which is within the guidance range for fiscal 2006 given our 
last quarter of 16 to 16.7% of sales. The EBIT percentage in the current quarter was a substantial increase from the 
11.3% of sales achieved in the first quarter of last year. There were a couple of miscellaneous items affecting the 
operating results in the first quarter. The effect of currency translation is not normally material to our operating results 
and the same is true in the first quarter. As noted in the press release, the effects in the current quarter were slightly 
negative versus slightly positive results in the first quarter of last year. The net swing between the two years, however, 
did have the effect of reducing incremental profitability by about 4% from what would have resulted had currency 
effects been zero in both years. 

You will note a line item in the income statement reflecting a gain of $1.6 million from a change in accounting policy. 
This item is the cumulative effect from the adoption of FAS 123 Share Based Payments and will not be repeated in 
future quarters. You will also note in the footnotes to the 10-Q when it's filled in the next few days that the net effect of 
FAS 123 was a reduction in these compensation costs from those of the first quarter of last year, despite expensing 
stock options for the first time. We do not expect a significant increase in these expenses in future quarters. 

Overall, diluted EPS in the quarter totaled 48 cents a share versus 18 cents in the first quarter of last year, an increase of 
167%. I would just like to spend a moment on income taxes. The effective income tax rate in the first quarter was just 
over 36%; however, in looking at the remainder of the year, there are a number of items including the mix of income 
between our various geographies that we believe will lower the effective rate to a range of 33%. This reduction has 


been factored into the forward guidance that John will give us in a few minutes. This forecasted rate reduction is before 
considering any reversal of tax valuation reserves. Although, no reserves – no reversals can be determined or predicted 
at the current time, if certain of the US and Australian reserves were reversed, our effective tax rate could fall to less 
than 30%. 

Cash taxes were high in the first quarter at $9 million due to the timing of payments in certain geographies. We 
continue to expect that the cash tax rate to finish again this year at less than 10% of pre-tax income. 

Our total cash flow was modest in the first quarter with cash balances increasing less than $7 million. Seasonally, the 
first quarter is softest in cash flow as can been seen by the $42 million cash decrease in the first quarter of last year. 
The modest cash increase in the quarter largely resulted from cash utilization related to the $100 million decrease in 
total liabilities. Although, the absolute level of accounts receivables and inventories have increased to $150 million 
over the last year, the operations continued to perform well in management of accounts receivables, which were two 
days less than last year and inventories, as inventories turns were flat with the fourth quarter, but significantly better 
than those at the end of the first quarter of last year. Our cash flow seasonality normally is for very strong cash flows in 
the final three quarters of the fiscal year, a pattern we anticipate will occur again here in fiscal 2006. 

Finally, you will see from the schedules attached to the press release that CapEx in the first quarter totaled $12.3 
million. Whereas we believed that spending would be in range of 40 to $45 million annually, we now believe that 
capital spending could be in the range of 45 to $55 million for fiscal 2006 and 2007 and John will speak to some of the 
areas of spending in his comments. With that, I will turn the call over to John Hanson. John? 

John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Don. Before I provide a market update I want to make some brief comments on yesterday's press release or I 
guess technically Monday evening's. We issued a press release announcing my plan to retire as CEO of Joy Global next 
February and the Board's designation of Mike Sutherlin as my replacement. This carefully planned transition is another 
reflection on the strategic, professional, and thoughtful way that the Company is run by its management and overseen 
by the Board. I am confident that those of you who have not gotten to know Mike yet in the years that he has been 
running Joy Mining Machinery will find him to be a capable and talented executive and a strong successor to me. Mike 
and I have had an exceptional working relationship built on similar business philosophies and strategic perspectives, 
coupled with openness and independence in our relationship. I am confident that he will be a great leader for Joy 
Global. In the meantime, we both look forward to continuing the improvements in performance that we have 
demonstrated consistently over the past few years. 

Let me now quickly review our major served market. The rise in copper demand continues to be strong driven in large 
part by economic growth in China and the US. At the same time, supply has not kept up with demand as current 
capacity is being fully utilized such that any problems in production or processing are solved quickly in the 
marketplace. It now looks like balance in supply and demand may not occur before the end of 2006. When it does 
occur, prices may ease a bit, but we expect them to remain strong for some time to come. Commodities like copper, 
iron ore, precious metals, and metallurgical coal continue to give every sign of undergoing this secular change that is 
unlikely to be broken and then only by a major disruption of global economic growth. 

The thermal coal story is just as strong. World coal demand continues to rise and although there have been some spotty 
declines in prices, they are still very healthy. Unlike other mild weather seasons in the US during the past 15 years, we 
simply haven't seen any building of stock piles, any production curtailments or delays in receipts of coal supplies this 
winter. In fact with the continued drive to build new base load coal-fired power plants there seems to be more than 
enough demand in the future to allow growth in all the major coal producing areas of the country, although there may at 
best limited reserves in Central Appalachia to support much growth. 

Contract pricing continues to improve and the producers are all bullish with disciplined plans to expand production on 
an as-needed basis. This expansion is very likely to get tied to long-term contracts and to continue the high capital 
spending levels of the past couple of years. The oil sands in Alberta shows signs of accelerating investment, Total in 


India have announced large investments in the oil sands in addition to those of China earlier in the current cycle. We 
expect to see several new projects underway in the next few years and have closed the small acquisition in Edmonton, 
Alberta to add additional after-market infrastructure to our support for equipment in the oil sands. 

Growth in the economies of the emerging markets is continuing to drive coal demand growth in each of those markets. 
China continues to grow at 9 to 10% and India at 6 to 8%. Growth in coal production is critical to supply in the 
expanding electricity grids and even India is beginning to show signs of wanting to shift from low productivity to high 
productivity mining of coal. But, the best evidence of the transition from low productivity to high productivity mine in 
the emerging market is still China. We have talked a number of times on these calls about the model we have been 
patiently and deliberately developing in China, initially with the Shenhua Group. 

We continue to add capability in China as we expand our Baotou, Inner Mongolia service center as we add new service 
capability in Southern China, and open a facility to manufacture armored face conveyors in Shenzhen. We are well 
underway to developing and implementing our China 2010 plans to assure that we end the decade with revenues of at 
least $500 million annually in China. We plan to discuss these plans in some detail at our Analyst Day in May in 
Milwaukee. A reflection on just how important we see this emerging market activity is the fact that our Board of 
Directors will be in Inner Mongolia later this year for our Broad meeting, a visit to Shenhua and a detailed business 
review at our service center in Baotou. 

Speaking of capacity, we continue to work to add capacity also in a disciplined manner to satisfy the needs of our 
customers, to return lead times to a reasonable level and still not to add appreciably to our roof line or an original 
equipment fixed asset base. Our 40% increase in shovel capacity remains on track and we are planning our next steps to 
develop new capacity. Overall, we will spend the capital we deem necessary to maintain our long-term market 
leadership and drive our life cycle management strategy. 

Turning to our 12-month rolling guidance, we see revenues increasing again from our previous 12-month guidance as 
measured increases in production in several product lines will result in revenues between 2.35 and $2.55 billion. Where 
we end up in this range will be determined primarily by supply chain issues. As restrictions continue to ease, we will 
realize more original equipment capacity. Several new products and technology developments are also likely to help us 
reach the upper end of this range. 

While increased outsourcing tends to work against high incremental margins, continued cycle time reductions, process 
improvements, capital investments, cost reductions, and technology enhancements all tend to improve them. As a 
result, we continued to believe we can maintain incremental profitability for the next 12 months in the range of 25 to 
30%, which will lead to operating profit in the range of 385 to 435 million, and earnings per share of $2.05 to $2.35. 

As with most businesses, often the best indicator of where the business is going is the feeling for the market. In our 
case, the activity levels continue to be very strong in growing and we show every evidence of experiencing the 
whaleback cycle that I described so often over the past few years. Only time will tell if it is a secular upturn, whether 
it's a super cycle for commodities or a paradigm shift in global economic development. Either way, we are focused on 
effectively serving the market while making certain that we are prepared to deal with economic or political changes that 
may lead eventually to the next changes in the current cycle. 

With that Don, why don't we take some questions? 

Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Jodi, at your convenience. 

Q&A 


Operator 

Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Mercedes Garcia of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Mercedes Garcia Ayuso>: Hi, how are you? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning Mercedes. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning Mercedes. 

<Q - Mercedes Garcia Ayuso>: Good morning. Can you give us some sense for the order intake from the emerging 
markets? I got it from your comments that at the margin you guys may be getting a little bit more positive on Poland. 
And, also can you give us an update on Russia whether we have some kind of postponements in the last quarter? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yes, Mercedes, we have not provided any detail on the emerging markets here for the 
quarter, and as you know, we do tend to give those updates from time to time, but just have elected not to do that here 
this quarter. I say, in general, we still see a good deal of strength in China. In Russia, we have seen a bit of a shift from 
what had been very strong requirements for longwall systems in underground mine to more room and pillar type 
applications and opportunities in a near term and we continue to see a fair degree of surface activity as well. I think in 
Poland, we haven't seen so much of change in market there as we have seen our strategy to provide a more, what would 
I call it, intermediate level of productivity, by placing longwall shearers on existing Polish longwall faces really adding 
significantly to our presence in the marketplace and helping the mines in Poland to rapidly improve their overall 
productivity. As you also know, we are in the process of starting up a new facility in Poland that will function both as a 
service center and as a source for some these intermediate range pieces of equipment. 

<Q - Mercedes Garcia Ayuso>: And, let me ask a quick follow-up and then I will get back on the queue. It seems that 
you guys didn't buy any more stock in calendar year. We have the same 375 that we had at the end of December. Can 
you comment on that? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah, that is correct. Don, you want to add something to it? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah, you are absolutely right, Mercedes. We did begin the program here in the first quarter of 
the fiscal year, did have some purchases during the open window time period, did not have a 10b5 program on file, and 
so there have been no subsequent purchases on the part of the Company. I think it's reasonable to assume, Mercedes, 
that the Company will have a 10b5 program in place here beginning with this quarter. Going forward, the Board is 
committed to fulfillment of the program that was adopted last summer, and we will continue to evaluate the appropriate 
times where we should be in the marketplace. Certainly with our cash flow outlooks Mercedes, the Board will continue 
to have to find the best way of getting cash back to shareholders because the cash flow as we mentioned is still going to 
be substantial here for the year. 

<Q - Mercedes Garcia Ayuso>: Great. I will get back into queue. Thank you so much. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Michael Gallo with C. L. King. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Hi. Good morning and congratulations on another great quarter. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Thanks Michael. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Question I have is for John. John, your opening comments, you sounded as bullish on India as I 
can recall. And, I was wondering just if you can give us some further color on what's driving some of that bullishness 
in terms of do you see it developing similarly to China? How eminent do you see the movement in western equipment, 
and you know, just kind of how do you see all that playing out? 


<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah, bullish and India are tough words to use in the same sentence, needless to say given 
the history, but what we have seen and what I was indicating in my comments is that, increasingly there seems to be 
more and more realization particularly among those in the Indian government that some action is required and needs to 
be taken. We have not really seen what I would call a significant change from the bureaucracy or the actual processes 
in place. We're just encouraged that the realization seems to sunk in that either coal production is going to have to 
increase rapidly or they are just simply going to become a major importer, and that is – it's just causing people to at 
least think about things a little differently. How quick any of that translates into real business either surface or 
underground remains to be seen. But, we do continue to demonstrate capabilities with the room and pillar systems, 
another one or two, which will come online here in the short-term. We continue to demonstrate the ability of those 
systems to operate at significantly higher productivity than any of the systems they have operating today. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: To what extent do you think India is watching some of the increased production in China as they 
move to western equipment and may be thinking about given their own economic growth that they are going to need to 
really move in that same direction? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: I think what China has done is very visible, not just in India, but for that matter around the 
world. When you think about the fact that just a little more than a decade ago there was no high productivity mining in 
China at all and today the most productive mines in the world are in China. And that kind of what is fairly rapid 
change, I don't think escapes anybody; I know it hasn't escaped even the US producers. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay. Great, thanks a lot. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek of FTN Midwest Securities. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning, Mark. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Hi, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: A second ago you were answering Mercedes' question about emerging markets, John, and last 
quarter when you talked about emerging markets, we had kind of a broad outlook of potentially flattish sales, and that 
was with the backdrop of Russia activity being a little bit slower. And it sounds like, in general, your comments here 
were a bit more optimistic and wondering if it's reasonable to conclude that sales – emerging market sales might 
actually end up the year up rather than flat? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Mark, it's a hard a question to answer because you will keep in mind that at this point in time 
a disproportionate share of the sales in the emerging markets are for new systems, new equipment. They tend to come 
in fairly large chunks, so the good example we talked earlier about the change in order rates between first quarter a year 
ago and this quarter at Joy underground business. One of the reasons for that was we had a big chunk of orders, which 
got delivered over the balance of '05, in fact some even into '06 from just such an opportunity. So, the lumpiness of 
those things makes it hard to tell. I think our view is over the long term, we are going to continue to see double-digit 
growth in all of these emerging markets. We are a little reluctant when you had as much growth as we had last year to 
not see some leveling off or flattening out, not because the activity or demand has changed, but just because we know 
how the business operates on a lumpy business. So I won't be surprised if this year is flat, I wouldn't be surprised if it 
was up, I would probably be surprised if it was down. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay, that's helpful. Then I got a follow-up on the Joy performance specifically. You know, 
one thing that I note in your press release was that sales were so strong in part because of large roof support shipments 
and typically margin has been described as pretty low on those systems, but yet your profit margin was extraordinarily 


strong, incrementals were very strong. So, I am wondering what's going on there? Is this overall business productivity 
or have we cracked the code on roof support margins and now those are much closer to mining type of margins? Can 
you provide some color, please? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yes, you bet. First of all, this again is I know I keep using this word, but this is real example 
of lumpiness. It turned out that we did ship a set of roof supports that were actually supposed to ship early in the second 
quarter and so that did help the revenues a bit. By the same token, the same lumpiness is demonstrated by the fact that 
we had an order for a new roof support system that didn't get booked until February 1, so we missed the first quarter by 
a matter of hours, if you will. That's just the nature how this business works. When you look at the performance of roof 
supports, I don't want to convey the sense that somehow roof support margins have magically gotten to a point where 
they would equal some of our much higher contribution product lines. However, although because of the nature of what 
are largely steel fabrications, the margins are lower, they are healthy. And particularly given the fact that over the last 
few years, Mike and his team have focused very significantly on project management as a process of really making 
certain that the priced-in margins at the time of an order actually get translated when that order is fulfilled into real 
margin dollars at the bottom line. And they've have done a terrific job of that and I think the end result is that while it 
may not necessarily be higher and I will put this in quotation marks "price realization at the front end," what we have 
gotten is gross profit that really looks like the initial gross margins we had planned in many of these projects. So, that 
has helped some. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: But, it doesn't sound like it is the entire improvement. Would that be fair, so there is other 
dynamics in there like mix and just volume leverage and...? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yes absolutely. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: And then presumably, price has got to be part of this as well? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yes. As you know, we've done a really good job of recovering costs that we haven't been 
able to eliminate from the overall pricing standpoint. That continues to be the case. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Very good John. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Charlie Brady with Harris Nesbitt. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Hi thanks. Good morning guys. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning Charlie. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Hi, Charlie. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Can you just remind us on the additional 4% capacity, how that's going to ramp up for '06? And 
I am assuming that capacity that's going to be fully online in '07, fair to say that capacity is probably booked out? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: We are booking '07 with the intention of fully utilizing that capacity, that's correct. Actually, 
the realization of the capacity is going to be pretty close to the end of the year because we've got a couple of critical 
machine tools that won't get delivered until pretty late in the year. So, we will get some gains, some of it will help us in 
the after-market, some of it will help us to begin to prepare other components and we should see by the time we get into 
the second half of the year, a gradual ramping up of production as a result. But it will really be in the first quarter of the 
calendar year that we first fully recognize and realize that 40% increase. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Okay, thanks. And, just on the oil sands given your comments about sort of the activity you are 
seeing on there, any change to what your thoughts are on how many additional shovels per year can go into that 
market? 


<A - John Nils Hanson>: No, I don't think we've changed our view much at all. You can look at numbers. I think as 
we've talked in this call before, if you look at Canadian government's forecast you can probably get as high as a dozen 
shovels a year. We don't think that will happen. We just think there is so much infrastructure development and activity 
to go on and there are just limits in terms of resources up in that Fort McMurray area. So, we think that the numbers are 
going to be more in the 6 to 8 kind of range, at least for the next couple of years. And then, you know then maybe as 
time goes on and more of these projects get underway, then we may see some higher levels, but for now we are kind of 
keeping our powder dry and looking at about the same level of requirement. By the way in the near-term, there is just 
simply capacity constraints in the industry as well that will limit what can happen. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: All right, thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joel Tiss of Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Hi guys. How are you doing? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning Joel. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Hi, Joel, how are you? 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: All right, I'm just – can you give us any sense of how many complete longwall systems you guys can 
deliver in any given year? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah. Mike, why don't you take that one? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, Joel our capacity right now.... 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: I just hope it's the same number I gave him two quarters ago. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Our capacity right now is in the range of 6 to 8 longwall systems. We typically don't deliver 
that many because we get a lot of face extension projects that consume one to two of those capacity slots. And that 
capacity is also right now has been set on our capability to get the steel requirements that we need for those roof 
support orders. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. And then... 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: And Joe by the way that is the kind of level we've been operating at for some time here 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: And what's the target for that capacity say 3 to 5 years from now? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We have been following a strategy to be selective on the orders to work on improvement of 
margin. So, we haven't been focusing on all out ramp-up of capacity as much as we have been trying to keep capacity 
running ahead of what we think are the orders that give us the best margin capability. So, we have the ability to do 
more roof supports if we can improve our steel supply capability and that right now is a limiting factor, but we can do 
work in-house if we had more steel supply to work with. But, even then, we would still want to be selective in the 
pricing to make sure that we get orders that fill our current capacity levels with better margins. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. And, I am glad you ended on the margin question, because they are almost 19% now and I 
think before we have heard mention of 20. Is there any sort of update to the target or can you guys dream a little bit and 
think of where the margins could get to over the next couple of years? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Hey, you're talking about EBIT margins? 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Yeah, the operating margin. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah. Can I give you the CFO view before John affects that, Joel? 


<A - John Nils Hanson>: Why I always have to dump cold water on everything? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Understand that the guidance that John just gave is an increase to EBIT margins over the next 12 
months. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Right. 

<A - Donald Roof>: What he gave out in December was a 12-month EBIT margins in the range of 16 to 16.7. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Right. 

<A - Donald Roof>: The current guidance is now a range of 16.4 to 17.1 as compared to the 15% trailing that we are 
currently running at and with that then I'll let John say as far as where it should go. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah, Joel, I don't think we have really changed our view particularly. As you know, I have 
always believed that when we get those margins up to the kind of very high teens' level that our customers really start 
to push back. And so, I think we are still talking about that 18, 19 kind of percent range. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Joel. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy of Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Good morning guys. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Hi, Rob. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I just have a handful of follow-ups to questions that have been asked earlier. John, I wasn't 
quite clear on your answer to the question about where your shovel capacity is right now? Do you still have production 
slots available in 2007? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: We do have a small number available in 2007. The reality is most of them most of what I 
would call available slots are allocated, and I mean allocated in a sense that we are actively talking to specific 
customers about finalizing specific orders to fill them. As you know, we are pretty conservative in how we book orders, 
and that's not just true on the P&H side, but on the Joy side as well. So, we require pretty hard evidence in terms of 
contract down payments and commitments, but for the most part, we are full for '07. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. In terms of – you've provided some view on capital 
spending priorities, but I didn't really understand what accounts for the roughly incremental – what about 10 million per 
year in '06 and '07, what – where are you seeing the need for that incremental capital? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah, I think Rob, if you look over the next year or two, you are going to see some expansion of 
the after-market infrastructure that's going to be occurring at a more rapid pace than what we might have anticipated a 
quarter or two back. Some of that could very well even go into a country like Australia. You are also going to see some 
expansion of machining capabilities possibly above what we would might have anticipated a couple quarters back that 
would be on both sides of the business, both Joy and P&H and will allow both for OE capacity expansion as well as the 
additional ability to service the aftermarket requirements that continue to just drive forward, Rob. And so, I don't know 
John, what else, but... 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: And, we'll also continue to do some rationalization project, and we have seen an opportunity 
in the near-term potentially to accelerate some of those rationalization projects as well. They may not be quite as 
critical in the short-term, but they are of immense value in the longer term as it helps us to make certain that the assets 


we have in place hit the market that we have in front of us, not the markets we had 10 years ago. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Understood. And then, I had a couple of short questions about China. You mentioned 
specifically the face conveyor capacity that you have been talking about for some time, when will that actually be 
operational and is it likely that we might see local roof support production follow soon thereafter? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: We would expect to open a face conveyor operation probably by the end of September of 
this year. And, although – as always there will be a little bit of a slow start-up and ramp-up... 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Yeah. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: You know, we should in '07 be getting some real output from that operation. Obviously, 
when you start an operation like that in an environment like China, there is going to some front-end training issues and 
development of quality plans and processes that will be a little slow for us for a few months. And, towards the roof 
support, right now our biggest single issue on making roof supports in China is material. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Yeah. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: If we would have to start that process today, we would do have to import steel probably 
from Europe and that's hard for us to get real excited about or enthused about. So, what we are doing right now is 
focusing on trying to develop steel supplies. And then, from there, we will decide just how to proceed and how to 
approach it. And, I think as yet we are not totally settled on just how much of that will be greenfield capability on our 
own, how much of it will be contract manufacturing, subcontract and outsourcing or for that matter, whether we should 
have any kind of a partnership or a relationship or acquisition in China. As you know, roof supports are for us probably 
more important in terms of their role in providing a longwall system than they are in supporting our long-term 
aftermarket strategies. They are just not as critical a piece of equipment in the typical mine, because each of the roof 
supports of which there maybe 100 or more on a longwall face, in fact can operate somewhat independently. And so, if 
a roof support is down, it may be an annoyance, but it doesn't necessarily impact the output of the mine. When a 
longwall shearer is down, the mine is shut down. And so, we are really trying to think through here to make certain that 
we don't over invest in a product line that is probably of only of marginal value to us long-term. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I understand. And lastly, I want to ask a – it's kind of a two-part question about the tenor of 
business in China. One, it's my impression anyway that over the last fiscal quarter and the period since then, in other 
words, like the last four months or so that we have seen a little bit perhaps increased sensitivity on the part of the 
Chinese Government to mine safety issues perhaps even magnify it a little bit by the problems that have occurred here 
in North America, wondering if that has had any – have you seen any impact on how your business is proceeding there 
and then separately we are just looking for a data point, in the last quarter or two, have you added to your roster of 
active customers in China? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Mike, why don't you answer both of those questions, you just got back from China, not too 
long ago, you've kind of a firsthand update? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. Yeah, Rob, just answer the first part of your question. The customers that we are 
primarily working with, the ones we call the top tier customers really do run world class level operations, both 
technically and safety records are extremely good. But we have seen most of the safety incidents in China has been in 
the smaller local township mines And the government has been pushing a program very hard to shut those down to 
clean up the safety record. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And my thought was that perhaps that was starting to have been or be reflected in perhaps 
somewhat accelerated capital spending plans by the more modern operators? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, what we are starting to see the early signs of is that the larger operators are going in 
and buying up a group of those township mines with the intent of converting. In one case, there are 19 small individual 
mines and the plan is to convert those into one large mining complex. And that will be the source of the capital, it will 
be large tier one customers and so what we see is basically a lot of the small mines migrating up into the Tier 1 
categories, which will give us a higher growth profile out of that group of customers that we have been calling on and 


have been working with. So, that's a real significant opportunity for us. Now, a lot of these mines are in and around 
township areas and creates an opening for us on our room and pillar product, which China has historically been the 
longwall mining market and so that gives some opportunities on the room and pillar products going forward as well. 
So, we think that, that this is obviously going to be good for China from a safety standpoint, but this is really going to 
be good for us, because it really gives us an additional avenue of growth for our high productivity mining equipment. 
So, you know, the safety issues in China will be translating into a migration of capacity up to the top tier companies 
and giving us additional opportunity. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Thanks. That's helpful. And the number of customers question? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, we are seeing an expansion in the number of customers in China. In fact, we are now 
working with the first fully privately funded company doing mining operations in China. Today, we've done some work 
with a couple of customers that have had a large portion of equity investment alongside the investment from power 
generating, state-owned power generating companies, but this new company will be the first one that is totally private 
equity funded, so we are seeing a migration of that market into a more widely distributed market rather than just the 
state-owned companies and of course, the private companies who want to move faster and get more production, so I 
think that's a favorable trend as well. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Thanks Mike. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Sure, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Brendan Browne of Caris. 

<Q - Brendan Browne>: Good morning. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning, Brendan. 

<Q - Brendan Browne>: I had a question about the portfolio mix; 46% for original equipment. Do you expect that to 
stay in that ballpark or do you think that's going to drop a little bit more towards around say 40? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: I would guess with you that it's probably going to stay around that level. Obviously again, 
the issues of lumpiness factor into, but we are seeing a continued growth in fusing field population, which on the one 
hand drives the aftermarket by the same token, there is still awful lot of OE activity out there. 

<Q - Brendan Browne>: Okay. All right, great. Thank you. Second question is, your sales in the US was particularly 
strong, 56% up year-over-year, is that being driven primarily by the coal market or is copper playing a big role there 
and also, have you guys sold any draglines, are you talking about doing that at all? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Your first question, the issue is coal related, coal is so far and away our biggest market in the 
US that it's almost always the impact. But, the other thing to keep in mind is what I mentioned a few minutes ago, we 
hit that roof support order that we delivered that we had expected to deliver in the second quarter, but did in the first 
quarter instead and that just a big chunk of business in the $40 million kind of range that it – on a quarterly basis, it 
really impacts that data, those ratios. 

<Q - Brendan Browne>: And the second part as to draglines? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Draglines we continue to see a little bit of dragline activity, I think for the most part, we 
would prefer to sell electric rope shovels given our own preference, but do expect to continue to see some limited 
activity in draglines with more of the activity focused on rebuilds and refurbishments and relocation. 

<Q - Brendan Browne>: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Barry Haimes of Sage Asset Management. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Hi, everyone. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning, Barry. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: I had a follow-up question related to China, so maybe Mike wants to take this one too. But, yes 
you look at – kind of characterize the customers in three buckets and just kind of compare the last quarter or two to 
maybe a year ago where one bucket is Shenhua, the second bucket is other large companies that you have been doing 
business with, you know, over the last year or two, and then the third bucket is customers that are relatively new in the 
last quarter or two. Could you just give us some color on how the business is shaking out now compared to let's say a 
year ago. Thanks. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah. That's good, the three categories that you talked about; in Shenhua, we have an 
extremely strong relationship with Shenhua. We continue to be the primary supplier for their machinery, with 
continuous miner, shuttle cars, shearing machines, AFCs. They continue to expand at a rapid rate, they purchased 
another mine complex at a neighboring province which will give them a second base to expand from and so they have 
again, very aggressive expansion plans in Ningxia. The regulations in China force the mining companies to begin to 
look at thin-seam mining because they are precluded from leaving reserves sterilized and so we are working right now 
with Shenhua on their first low-seam mining application for longwall and we've done a lot of work with them to 
prepare the specifications, excuse me, in the tendering process so, we feel fairly strong about that and we think that's 
going to open up a new range of opportunities with Shenhua. So, that relationship continues to be strong and we 
continue to be the preferred player there. The other Tier 1 companies are expanding. We are doing more of our sales in 
2005, went to other than Shenhua than in the year before. We have a company in the – a project in South of China that 
we are working. We are 100% of the equipment in that mine and we are putting the mine site service center to support 
that equipment. That company continues to have other expansion plans in other regions in China, so that's a very 
favorable circumstance for us and begins to sort of give us a second Shenhua, if you will. And over and above that, we 
have a number of other Tier 1 customers that are expanding their mining operations following the Shenhua model. The 
private equity company that I talked about is just getting into the mining operations in China. They have very 
aggressive plans and a lot of financial backing as well. So, we see that whole process continuing. We see a little bit of 
consolidation at the Tier-1 level of customers, we see some new private equity companies coming in to take advantage 
of the opportunities there. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Bleustein of UBS. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Good morning. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Hi, David. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Hi, David. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: First congrats on the quarter and John on the longer-term basis congrats on what's been a 
terrific run. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Thank you. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Well, let me just ask you a question about the orders. If you breakdown the 600 million in the 
quarter, how much of that would you consider after market and original equipment that is small enough in size that you 
wouldn't consider it lumpy? And how much of it are the 3 or 4, 5 or 6 or 10, $30 million orders that make up the 


balance. And how many big orders are in that $600 million figure? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Boy, that is a tough question David, because even on the equipment that you say is not lumpy, Joy 
Mining underground continuous miners or shuttle cars, individual continuous miner or individual shuttle car would be 
well below the limit that you are mentioning, David, but it is not unusual, that Joy Mining in a particular quarter will 
book in order from a single customer for 5 or 10 or 20 or more units. And so, you can get lumpiness there and 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: I gave the example David of '05, one of the reasons why the Joy comparisons quarter to 
quarter that is Q1 to Q1 weren't more favorable, within '05, we had a fairly large Shenhua order which was multiple 
face conveyors, a significantly larger number than we would typically have in a single order. So, and almost every 
shovel is a large order, so it's a significant portion of the OE equipment. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: John, maybe I can add a little bit of additional insight on the lumpiness if you will of the 
orders. David, we track our win/loss ratio in all of our OE equipment. And for the first quarter that ratio was very 
consistent with the same ratio we have seen over the last 2 or 3 years, so the first quarter order rate certainly doesn't 
reflect any order losses that are outside the normal range that we would see. Secondly, we do follow order prospects. 
We have a list of qualified order prospects that go out for a year. They are based on the capital spending plans and 
budgets of individual mines that get rolled up into an overall number. And that prospect list at the end of the first 
quarter was as strong as it was in the quarter before. So, we haven't seen any decline in that prospect list and it gives us 
an indication that the market is going to continue to be strong in the foreseeable future. And then beyond that we are 
getting more and more projects longer-term projects that our customers are working on, either those projects have been 
announced or doing some early initial budgeting on those, but those go beyond the one-year horizon and some of those 
out two, three, four years. So, our customers continue to behave in ways that they believe that this is a long cycle that 
we are in and all those things I think add a different perspective to the order rate than the exact numbers that we've 
showed in our bookings. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: So, if you were to smooth – very much like you forecast revenues, if you were going to 
smooth the orders out over the next four quarters saying give us a rolling four quarter order figure, would using the 
average of the last two quarters be a good place to start and then add developing country growth, I mean how would 
you – is the 600 to 650 about the right place? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: David, it's probably not an unreasonable approach; however, you have to keep in mind that 
the nature of how our business works, makes things like orders, bookings, and backlogs a difficult way to try and get a 
real detailed picture of what's going to happen. We've talked about it before in terms of, the fact that much of our 
after-market business runs through backlog in a matter of a day or two. We also increasingly, as we get more 
complicated systems and more complicated kinds of programs and projects, we are doing more through long-term, 
what I call them leasing programs, but cost per ton agreements, marked contracts, things like that, none of which we 
book. As you know, we just don't book those long-term contracts until we actually deliver services. So, it isn't always 
easy to see what's going to turn up in revenue by looking at those bookings per se. I wouldn't tell you not to pay 
attention to them, that's obviously not the case, but it is just very hard to look at them as a specific way to forecast 
actual revenues. It's one of the reasons why you hear us often talk about activity because for us that's the best measure 
we have of what's likely to happen and yet it's a hard piece of data to share with anybody. Obviously, we don't want to 
share a list that's for sure, but you just have to kind of take our word for it when we say the activity level is stronger or 
is level or is down or whatever it is that we say. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Got it. Okay. I mean, the one reason orders sort of make sense is if you take a look back at 
your trailing four quarter bookings, your trailing four quarter bookings are about 2.4 billion which is not materially 
different from the guidance you've given us for the next twelve months in terms of revenues and that's why the extreme 
focus. But all right, thanks a ton. 

<A - Donald Roof>: David, we wish we could give better guidance on bookings, but that would be probably even a 
more difficult area for us to give. Yeah, we continue to drive above capacity and revenues, and you heard I believe last 
quarter John said that it would be nice to be able to keep the lead times about the same at the end of year as they were 
at the beginning of the year, that is going to be a very difficult task given what you've heard from John as far as the 


nature of the market conditions, David. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: And let me try this one last time. The 600 million of bookings, how much of that do you 
expect – the 600 of those booked in the quarter, how much of that will be delivered in '06 and how much of that is for 
'07 and beyond? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Well, we... 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Almost all the after market will be delivered in '06 and probably very little if any of the OE. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: And that is just by virtue of the fact that we are booking most of our OE business today, we 
are booking into '07 and most of our after market business gets delivered either very rapidly out of stock or in a fairly 
reasonable period of time to support rebuilds or other kinds of activities in the field. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: And especially for it's a share, but if I am a miner I would like those roof supports to work as 
well. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek of FTN Midwest Securities. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Thanks. There was just a statement in the prepared remarks about some additional product 
and technologies that were going to help you achieve the additional revenue that went into the guidance increase and 
just wondering if you can touch on that please? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah, Mike, why don't you talk a little bit about from the Joy's standpoint and I'll talk a little 
bit from the P&H standpoint. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. Hi, Mark, one of the products that really have proven to be very, very productive is 
the FCT and we've – now over the course of the last two or three years, we've proven that the FCT and one continuous 
miner can produce more than two miners and – or shuttle cars running behind two miners and of course there is some 
manpower implication of that. We are starting to see a lot more traction in the FCT at this point and we have a number 
of projects that we have on the go and quite a few more that we are talking to. We are running that product out on a full 
scope leasing kind of an arrangement to ensure that we get the right support for the product so that it continues to 
perform to its full potential. So, that program is running forward, we are getting a lot more interest in it, we see that as 
being a significant revenue contributor as we go forward and we think that that will become – eventually become the 
standard in many of the mining applications. We are also working on continual improvement in some of our other 
products that we have both as Wethead technology that has significant benefits in dust reduction and also significant 
benefits in improving bit life and we think that that will – we are seeing a number of customers begin to utilize that as 
standardize on that – in their fleet and we think there will be a fleet conversation over to that technology in the near 
term as well. And those are the primary things that we are working on that what will have near term impact. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah, and Mike also there is some control technology, low-seam miner technology and just 
a variety of things that.... 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: There are a lot of small things that land out there. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: They clearly tend to drive toward people changing their fleets and improving their fleets. On 
the P&H side, again just like on the underground side, there is a huge drive for automation and that automation comes 
in the form of more sophisticated control systems that allow monitoring of the equipment, remote diagnostics and we 
have underway some really large fleet change-outs where customer are literally changing 100% of their fleets to some 
of these new control technologies. We also continue to develop really in both businesses increasingly more and more 
AC technology, which also helps in providing improvements in productivity, cycle times – not our cycle times, but 


machine cycle times and adding more productive capacity to those systems. So, there are just a lot of things going on 
right now and as always, it is our industry, so these are customers that like to see things work for 10 years before they 
try them, so they are confident they can get their 95, 97, 98% availability. But, we do find in this environment that we 
can find customers to try some of these technologies, try some of these products and develop them in reasonable 
timeframe to get them into the market. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay, great. Then just another quite one, in the press release there and the discussion about 
Joy margin performance, there is a comment here about additional manufacturing cost, lower levels of productivity. 
Should we think about those as being somewhat permanent throughout the year given the ongoing upward pressure on 
your production requirements or it is more a temporary phenomenon that hits the first quarter maybe the first half of the 
year and then you've got some strategies to abate it? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah, I think, it's more the latter. A lot of this has to do with the service center that we 
opened up several months ago and just that startup process has an impact. At the same time, Mark, I think we are 
realistic enough to know that as we continue to drive realizable capacity up, as we continue trying to get more out of 
our existing capabilities of the cusp, other issues will come up as well. So, I wouldn't promise you that we won't have 
other things in the future, but I think the things we are describing at this time we believe will tend to resolve themselves 
pretty quickly. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Great. Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Charlie Brady of Harris Nesbitt. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Hi, thanks. Just a quick one, can you talk about what your average selling price on shuttles are 
for stuff you are booking today versus what it was say a year or two ago? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: No. 

<A - Donald Roof>: It's higher. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Higher? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: What we said, I think, consistently is that we have between cost improvements, cycle time 
reductions, cost reductions, process changes, and prices, we've more than covered our increases in material and other 
costs. So, we have maintained or improved margins in combination. So, we have not talked about specifically what the 
absolute changes in price realization have been and clearly prefer not to. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. At this time there are no further questions. Gentlemen, are there any closing remarks? 

John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Yes. If you will allow me a minute, we do want to thank everybody for being with us today. We do look forward to 
continuing to be able to provide the kind of levels of performance that we have over the last several quarters and I think 
continue to be very enthused with what we see in the marketplace. Mike and I are looking forward very much to 
managing the transition process that is in front of us, and we will be working hard to make certain that you all get a lot 
of exposure to Mike and gain the same level of confidence that I have in his ability to lead this company long-term. 
know I have a lot of stake in this process, in fact you can translate it to something very close to a million shares. So, 


this is something I obviously not only want to see work, but have a lot of confidence in fact that it will. Again, thanks 
for being with us and we look forward to catching up with you next quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's Joy Global first quarter fiscal year 2006 earning release conference call. You may 
now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


