Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
• Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
• Michael W. Sutherlin, Executive Vice President; and Chief Executive Officer – Joy Mining Machinery 
Other Participants 

• Mark Koznarek 
• Michael Gallo 
• Robert McCarthy 
• Barry Bannister 
• Joel Tiss 
• Seth Weber 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Lisa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Joy Global Quarter Four Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator 
Instructions]. 

Thank you. Mr. Hanson, you may begin your conference. 

John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Lisa. And let me add my welcome to our year-end earnings call and a happy holiday wish to all of those who 
have joined us on the call. I thought, I would host the call today since it will officially be my last earnings call as most 
all of you know, I will retire from my executive role with the company on February 1st, but will stay on the Board of 
Directors as a non-executive chairman, as we have previously announced. 

Mike Sutherlin, will replace me as President and Chief Executive Officer, and I am pleased to report that the transition 
process we have been managing for most of the past year has gone very well. Mike's replacement at Joy Mining, Ted 
Doheny is well established in his role. Mike and I have been working extensively together; hope to transfer knowledge 
and experiences and to chart a course in strategies that will result in a seamless and efficient transition. He has led the 
business planning process for the 2007 business plan among other areas of focus and so owns a plan and is accountable 
for the 2007 performance of the company. I have a great deal of confidence in Mike and his commitment to Joy Global, 
and I'm very pleased with how intimate his knowledge of the businesses has become since he joined the company in 
2003. 

Leading this company has been a wonderful experience for me, and I will miss many of the day-to-day interactions 
with employees, customers, suppliers, analysts, and shareholders. At the same time, I'm excited about what progress, 
performance, and new directions Mike's leadership will bring to the company. We will likely formally transition the 
role of CEO to Mike prior to the end of the calendar year once the 10-K is completed and submitted to the SEC. 


2006 was a terrific year for Joy and demonstrated our flexibility and ability to respond to a changing market 
environment while continuing to grow revenues and earnings, and generate a great deal of free cash; all of which Don 
and Mike will relate in their comments. Don, will provide the financial overview, and Mike will provide an update on 
the markets, and the guidance going forward in 2007. Then we will all take questions. So, Don, why don't you begin? 

Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Treasurer 

Thanks John. Before I begin with my financial comments, I would like to remind the listeners that there are a number 
of slides available on our website at joyglobal.com and in the 8-K we filed this morning that we will be referring to in 
this morning's call. 

In addition, I would like to inform the listeners of our forward-looking disclaimer. Reference is made to the disclosures 
in our press release, slide number 2 on the website, and our SEC filings. We will be making forward-looking statements 
today. All statements that are not historical facts involve risk and uncertainties. All statements are subject to change at 
any time, and we might not update such statements. Such statements are based on management's current expectations 
and in addition to all of this there are factors we set out in our press release; our latest 10-Q and 10-K that could cause 
actual results to be significantly different from those contemplated. With that, let me discuss a few financial matters. 

I would like to start with a quick overview of the fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2006, as reflected our press release 
and slide number 3 in the discussions slides. As John stated, it was a terrific year in all the areas. 

Bookings and sales in the quarter and for the year reflected solid double-digit increases over a very good fiscal 2005. 
Solid increases in gross profit margins were achieved in both the quarter and full year with gross profits ending up in 
excess of 31%. This improvement was also evident in the outstanding operating leverage achieved by Joy Mining and 
P&H Mining throughout the year, which resulted in over 35% of every dollar increase in sales also increasing operating 
earnings. 

Operating earnings improved by more than 50% in Q4 and by more than 65% for fiscal 2006 in total. Finally, EPS 
increased by almost 70% to $0.79 for the quarter and almost doubled for the year even after excluding certain discreet 
adjustments that I will speak to in a minute. 

Slide numbers 4 through six on the website present more detailed information on our new orders. Slide number 4 
reflects quarterly bookings amounts. Many of you have seen this in the past. With $836 million of new orders in Q4, 
which was up almost 30% from last year's fourth quarter, our incoming orders continue to reflect the lumpiness 
inherent in our business, albeit at a very positive lumpiness in the most recent quarter. Aftermarket new orders 
increased at a double-digit rate for the 14th consecutive quarter. 

Slide number 5 reflects annual bookings for just Joy Mining during the last five years. You can see on this graph the 
benefit of Joy Mining's geographic diversity as the temporary softness in U.S. underground coal was more than offset 
by new order growth in other markets. This diversity will continue to benefit Joy Mining going into 2007, as current 
new order conditions in the U.S. remain depressed. 

Slide number 6, looks at the new orders for new mining shovels at P&H both in the fourth quarter and for the full-year. 
These were very strong periods of new orders for P&H with orders significantly ahead of both current and future 
capacity. P&H received its first firm order for a period beyond 2008. Finally, any softness in U.S. coal on the surface 
side of our business has been completely overshadowed by the strength in copper, iron ore, the oil sands, and surface 
coal markets outside of the U.S. 

Sales growth, followerd our growth in new orders, increasing by more than 20% in the quarter and for the full year. 
Aftermarket revenues continue to reflect strength increasing by more than 10% for another quarter. 


The graph on slide 7 is another which most of you are well familiar with. You can see that our aftermarket revenues 
stream is now approaching the $1.5 billion level and continues to represent more than 60% of total Joy Global 
revenues. The only significant area of softness in revenues in the fourth quarter was that of Joy Mining's U.S. 
aftermarket business where revenues grew by only a couple of percent over the fourth quarter of 2005. 

Next, I would like to turn to margins and profitability. Gross profit margins achieved by Joy and P&H in the fourth 
quarter were once again strong; increasing from 29% last year to 31% in the current quarter. While a good 
improvement year-over-year, our gross margins have started to flatten over the last three quarters. A slightly heavier 
mix of OE revenues combined with continuing costs pressures have driven this result. 

Continued strong control of overhead cost combined with the gross profit margin improvements contributed to our 
reaching the long-standing target of an EBIT-to-sales ratio in the high teens as our EBIT percentage for fiscal 2006 
totaled 18.4%. 

Looking forward, we believe that EBIT percentage will continue to increase at a modest pace. Certain comparisons will 
become more challenging next year as the revenue mix will continue to shift towards OE revenues. There will be 
amortization charges from the acquisition of Stamler of approximately 11 million and we will be comparing to much 
stronger results. 

Despite a moderation in our superior operating profitability performance, we do believe that Joy Global will continue to 
drive significant return on invested capital in the upcoming year. 

Our ROIC exceeded 30% at fiscal 2006 year-end, a feat we believe is repeatable in fiscal of 2007. There are a few 
additional items I would like to briefly mention. Included in income tax expense in Q4, were discreet charges of $10 
million or $0.08 per share. The largest of these was a partial reduction of the significant tax credit we recorded last 
quarter, which increased Q3 EPS by $0.90. Therefore, and looking at fiscal 2006 results, we should increase Q4 results 
by $0.08 and reduce full-year EPS by $0.88. That is the amount of adjustments we have made on the financial 
summary, slide number 3. 

Fiscal of 2005 Q4 and full-year results should be adjusted upwards for comparison purposes, by the costs incurred from 
our early retirement of debt last year. Excluding tax adjustments, our book tax rate in the quarter was 27% and our 
full-year rate was just under 32%; slightly less than anticipated earlier in the year. 

We expect our book tax rate for fiscal 2007 to be in range of 33 to 34%. Cash taxes ended up in fiscal 2006 at 8.4% 
rate, consistent with our experience over the last couple of years. This difference from our book rate resulted in the 
generation of additional cash flow of more than $100 million for the year. 

At the end of the year, unused NOLs that will continue to help us maintain a low cash rate going forward totaled over 
$550 million. Both operations did a nice job with working capital management in the fourth quarter. As can be seen in 
the graph on slide number 12, our working capital velocity that is our ratio of working capital to sales, increased 
slightly for the year, but came down significantly in Q4, so that by the end of the year, the average velocity was only 
slightly higher than last year. 

Days sales outstanding fell by over six days in the quarter and inventory turns increased by over 0.3 turns. The key will 
be to continue our working capital velocity, at or near the 20% level, as we continue through the cycle. If we can 
continue with solid performance in working capital management, Joy Global will continue to drive significant cash 
flow. 

As shown on slide number 13, based on the updated guidance, which Mike will speak to you shortly, we could generate 
free cash flow in fiscal 2007 in the range of 280 million to $450 million. This considers increased interest costs on the 
recently issued bonds and increased capital spending ranging from 55 to $70 million, as we continue to drive capacity 
expansions and aftermarket infrastructure investments. This forecast keeps free cash flow in the range of 10 to 15% of 
sales; a very healthy rate. 

As mentioned in the press release, the company did extend its revolver and issued $400 million of bonds early in the 
current fiscal year. We were very pleased with the reception of our bond offering in the market and remain committed 


to maintaining our investment grade rating going forward. As it is another important consideration to our customers, as 
they compare us to alternative suppliers. So, we are generating substantial cash flow and borrowed $400 million in the 
market. The question is, what is Joy Global going to do with all of its financial firepower? If truly strategic acquisitions 
become available like the Stamler transaction, which we closed in August. They generate high returns for our 
shareholders. Combined with smart capital spending, they are the best use of our excess cash. Beyond these areas, we 
will continue to look for appropriate ways of returning funds to shareholders. 

Slide number 14, reflects both our quarterly dividend history along with our repurchases of stock. We were pleased that 
the Board of Directors recently increased our quarterly dividend rate for the fourth time in the past three years and it 
now stands 300% higher than in December 2003. 

We are also pleased that as of last Friday, December 15th, we have repurchased over $500 million under our $1 billion 
authorization. The aggressive repurchase of stock has begun to significantly reduce our total outstanding shares. 

As can be seen by the charts on slide number 15, our share count was increasing over the last three years, primarily as a 
result of large equity grants upon our emergence from reorganization. 

With significantly reduced equity grants over the last three years from the prior level set by the Creditor's Committee 
and expected continuation of stock repurchases in fiscal 2007; we believe that total outstanding shares could be as low 
as 110 million by the end of the fiscal year. 

Overall, another very strong performance by the employees of both P&H Mining and Joy Mining in the quarter. 
Double-digit revenue increase, higher gross profit margins, EBIT performance in the high teens, and return on invested 
capital in excess of 30% are just the results of some of their efforts. 

With that, I will turn the call over to Mike Sutherlin. Mike? 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Executive Vice President; and Chief Executive Officer – 
Joy Mining Machinery 

Yeah. Thank you Don. I would like to add my welcome to those on this call. Although Don has already provided 
details on our fourth quarter and full-year performance, I would like to add some additional insights. We have delivered 
exceptional performance in terms of both order bookings and shipments. And we have done this despite the current 
weakness in the North American coal market, which is our single largest market segment. 

This clearly demonstrates the benefit of being well diversified over commodities and geographies. It also has important 
implications on how we – you can expect us to perform as the stronger prolonger cycle continues to unfold. Although, 
the overall outlook remains very positive, it does not mean that we will see uniform growth year-after-year; instead 
there will be occasional flat spots such as we are currently experiencing in North American coal. Our diversification 
will allow us to continue to deliver solid performance despite these periodic soft areas. 

Our fourth quarter results also demonstrate the lumpiness factor. We have talked about this before but it is usually 
associated with quarters of low order bookings and thus, it had the sound of rationalization. The current fourth quarter 
orders were particularly strong but now, as in the past, it would be misleading to extrapolate or annualize this number. 
However, it can be correctly interpreted as supporting the view that the fundamentals for our markets continue to be 
very strong and re-enforcing my belief that this will be a long up-cycle. 

The fourth quarter results also reflect our belief that we can continue to make this business better. Although, we are 
well into the target range for EBIT margins, we continue to translate revenue growth into greater profitability and will 
continue to do that by improving the efficiency of our operations. However, the rate of the improvement will inevitably 
moderate as we move to the top of our target margin range. 

In addition to the reported results, we also continued to invest in improving our performance into the future. We will be 
completing capacity additions in Milwaukee; and Tianjin, China on budget and on schedule. They will deliver 


important, additional, and strategic capacity after their ramp-up periods. 

Similarly, our SAP Project at P&H continues to run on target. When completed, this will be the fastest and lowest costs 
SAP implementation to my knowledge. Once fully implemented, SAP will allow us to manage our inventory more 
efficiently that will enable global processors to deliver consistent results from operations worldwide. 

Stamler has already made positive contributions. The sales on fuel service functions are fully integrated with Joy and 
P&H and we are already seeing growth opportunities in the emerging markets and in the extensions to the product 
range. 

I previously mentioned that our markets continued to be very positive. That can be seen more clearly as we review 
those markets. Our largest market segment is North American coal, and it has been weak for most of this year. Mild 
weather has reduced power demand. 

As a result, electric power growth has been essentially flat versus last year. This was further impacted by unusually 
high contributions from hydro and nuclear. All of these factors are unsustainable and demand will return. Several 
customers have reported signing long-term contracts above current prices, as much as 50% above current prices. This 
clearly demonstrates that neither generator nor a producer believes the current market conditions will persist. For the 
longer run, there continues to be a strong preference to use coal for baseload power generation. 

There is 93 gigawatts of new power generating capacity that is scheduled to come online by 2020 and virtually all of 
this would be coal-fired. And older gas plants are being replaced with new technology coal-fired plants. As a result, 
coal will go from 50 to 56% of the power-generating portfolio over this period. 

In the international markets, coal demand continues to be strong in the emerging markets especially, China and India. 
But surprisingly, coal demand is also up in Europe. As a result, thermal coal prices have been moving up since 
November and a rollover the reference price at $52 a ton is expected. Steel production in China continues to grow at 
high rates. In China, we will soon move from a net steel importer to a net exporter. 

Since, China is mostly self-sufficient in met coal, this is reducing the seaborne demand for metallurgical quality coal. 
As a result, one major producer is expected to settle next year's price for hard coking coal at around $100 a metric ton, 
down from 115. However, this allows ample room for profitability and is considered a positive result. Conversely, 
prices of lower grades of met coal will move up to eliminate a pricing disparity that has existed during the past year. 

We're starting to see some mixed signals from the copper markets. Although, China demand should be up by 8% in 
2007, the industrialized countries are expected to enter a period of de-stocking. This will be most pronounced in the 
United States as the U.S. housing market, which accounts for 5% of world copper demand; continues to soften. 

The result will be a 2% net demand growth worldwide, and modest supply surpluses. We are already seeing downward 
pressure on copper prices, and this will accelerate as hedge funds exit the market. It is estimated that at the price peak, 
investment funds were adding $1 to traded prices. Therefore, we could see prices move into the upper $2 a pound 
range. Our customers feel this will be a very positive result, because it will take much of the speculation and volatility 
out of the markets, and will still lead significant profitability for the producer. 

The iron ore market continues to be very tight. The Chinese and Koreans have already indicated they would accept a 
price roll over, but this is considered a starting point since the spot market is currently trading 12% above contract 
prices. It is therefore expected that the iron ore prices would go up again this year by another 5 to 10%. 

And finally, oil sands continued to be driven by compelling economics. Although, projects and operating costs have 
increased, producers are cost justifying expansions at oil prices in 35 to $45 range comfortably below the long-term 
forecast for crude prices. We are therefore seeing projects continued to move forward. 

From this market perspective, you can see why I believe our market will continue to be generally strong for at least 
several more years. Despite some flat spots along the way, our diversification of our commodities and geographies will 
allow us to continue to deliver strong revenue growth and earnings performance. Although, I am very positive on the 
long-term outlook in all markets, guidance is nonetheless challenging this time because the duration of weakness in 


North American coal is highly uncertain. Although, the current conditions are unsustainable, I am not one to predict the 
weather and therefore our guidance assumes little improvement in the North American coal markets. 

Revenues over the next 12 months are expected to be in the range of 2.7 to $3 billion. This translates into revenue 
growth rate of 13 to 25%, with 5 of these percentage points attributable to the Stamler acquisition. Growth in the 
aftermarket will be limited by the impact of North American coal and it is expected to be in the high single or low 
double-digit range, down from the 20% levels we have enjoyed recently. 

Revenue in the first quarter is typically down sequentially from the fourth quarter. That did not happen last year 
primarily due to the timing of certain original equipment shipments and project revenues. I expect the first quarter of 
2007 to return to a more normal pattern. And I expect operating profit over the next 12 months to be in the range of 510 
to $570 million. This reflects the continued improvement in our gross margins and strong control over SG&A 
expenses, offset by approximately 11 million in Stamler-related amortization expense. This would result in earnings per 
share for 2007 ranging from $2.85 to $3.25, and this includes an approximately $0.10 per share anticipated benefit from 
the continuation of our share buyback program. 

This EPS guidance represents an increase of 15 to 30% over adjusted 2006 performance. I'm very proud not just of the 
results we have achieved in the fourth quarter, but also in the strong trend of improving performance we have built over 
the past several years. Today's guidance reflects our balanced but generally positive outlook for our markets and our 
commitment to continue this trend of improving performance. 

Before completing my comments, I have two personnel issues to discuss. First, I'm very pleased to announce that Mr. 
Wu Yuan, the recently retired President of China Shenhua Energy Company Limited, has joined us as Chairman of Joy 
China. Shenhua is our largest customer in China and one of the largest coal mining companies in the world. I feel very 
fortunate to have Mr. Wu's experience, stature, and knowledge on our team and I am confident that he will drive our 
business in China to the next level. 

And finally, I would like to conclude by congratulating John Hanson on his outstanding record as CEO. John has been 
a marvelous CEO, guiding this company from emergence to industry-leading performance in just five years. This is 
nothing short of amazing in his own right, but along the way he has earned the admiration and respect of the Joy Global 
people, of our customers, and of our shareholders. John, you leave us with a great legacy that we intend to continue and 
a tremendous record that we hope to emulate. Congratulations on a great run and enjoy your well-earned retirement. 

John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Mike. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Executive Vice President; and Chief Executive Officer – 
Joy Mining Machinery 

Okay. Today, Bucyrus announced their acquisition of DBT. We do not intend to take questions on this call regarding 
the announcement, but we will simply say that as an operating company, we are focused on our customers. From that 
perspective, we do not see anything in this combination that will erode our current competitive advantages in either the 
underground or surface mining sectors. 

With that, I will turn the call to questions and answers. 

Q&A 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning Mark. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Before we – before I jump into the questions, let me also add my congratulations to John 
Hanson and enjoy your retirement, really enjoyed working with you and following the stock as well. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Thanks Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: A question, I am wondering, Mike, if you could get into a little bit more detail or color about 
the dynamics of a couple of key international markets that are – that kind of jump out at you on slide number five and 
those would be China and Australia? You know, it looks like both of them grew – Australia by a pretty surprising 
amount, at least to me. And I'm wondering if you can offer some insights as to what '07 might hold in both of those 
areas? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, let me talk to Australia first and then come back to China. We have seen a – two 
factors going on in Australia one is the acceleration of projects that were on the drawing boards already and those have 
just been moved forward by the major coal mining companies. We benefited from that in 2006 and that trend will 
continue into 2007. The Australian market is looking for increased port capacity coming on line and this is obviously 
synchronized with that increased port capacity. The second factor in Australia is the emergence of junior coal mining 
companies that have began to invest pretty heavily in that market as well, and that's becoming another demand factor 
for our equipment, both entry development equipment as well as the long haul equipment. So, the Australian market 
continues to look very strong and we continue to see strong investment from a wide range of customers and tied with 
the increased port capacity, we expect that market's export shipments to continue to build. 

China is a market that we've been very positive on for a long time. We've highlighted that I think in the earnings calls 
and analyst days over the last couple of years and we are still very, very positive on China. We've seen the number of 
companies that import equipment into China increase, go back a couple of years it was just Shenhua and one or two 
others. Last year, the number was around 16 or 17 companies that were importing or buying equipment into China, 
with the extremely strong effort on safety in China, a lot of the smaller township mines are closing and we are starting 
to see the early stages of the conversion of those township mines by basically giving those over to the large tier-one 
customers to develop as new mine complexes. So, we're very positive on the near-term and the longer-term outlook in 
China. Obviously, the addition of Wu Yuan has been a very, very key element to us. It will help us drive our strategies 
for China even stronger than we have to date and we still continue to believe that China is by far our strongest growth 
opportunity both in the near-term and the long-term. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. And then one follow up with the capital spending budget of 55 to 70, up from 49 this 
year. And we're at the tail end of the P&H expansion though all things being held equal I would have expected CapEx 
to go down and so, where would this incremental spending be directed towards next year? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We continue to, if you will, chase the aftermarket demand. We are not satisfied that we have 
got enough capacity to keep up with the growing aftermarket demand. The delay factor of delivering new equipment to 
the field and the resulting growth in aftermarket demand is a factor that we're looking at. We don't believe that we are 
able with our current capacity to satisfy both the original equipment and the aftermarket demand that is in the 
marketplace. And so, we are continuing to look at investments and those investments will be directed primarily to 
building our aftermarket capacity. Some of that capacity is fungible so it could go either way, but right now, the 
primary driver is getting ahead of the aftermarket demand and making sure that we do not fall behind and give 
opportunity for our competitors – including private competitors to enter that market. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Does that mean new facilities Mike, or are we talking about just de-bottlenecking existing? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: In North America, we will only de-bottleneck. And our plans are to build capacity in 
low-cost regions and use that to translate capacity from high to low-cost regions. We've – we'll be finishing our Tianjin 
facility at the end of this calendar year and that should be ramping up in the first half of 2007. We're building a facility 
in Poland to serve that Eastern European and Russian market sector. We will continue to make those kind of capacity 
additions to serve the high-growth markets. But in the higher manufacturing costs and more mature markets we would 
do within roofline, process improvements. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Great, Mike. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Sure. Thanks Mark. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Gallo with C. L. King & Associates. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning Mike. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: I will give my congratulations to John Hanson on a job well done. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Thanks Mike. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Just a question and somewhat of a follow up. I was wondering if you could get back into a little 
more detail, some of the capacity expansions that you were talking about. Whether you're looking at increasing shovel 
capacity here again this year, as clearly the new capacity that you brought on is already sold out and then additionally 
what other areas that you really feel like you need some incremental capacity? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, I'm going to let Don answer that, since he is the one that is controlling all of our 
expenditures in the capital area. He has got more detailed knowledge than me. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Hey, Mike, I think what you have heard in the previous question though is from Mike Sutherlin 
was the conceptual approach and some of the international expansions that are going on. Those are all both designed to 
increase capacity, as well as to increase our ability to serve those markets, where those expansions are going on. I think 
what you saw in the press release and with Mike's earlier comment, is that there is additional aftermarket-related 
capacity additions going on. Those are machining capacities on both sides of the business, and there are going to be 
fairly discreet Mike and possibly in a number of areas. It will be restricted as to roofline domestically, but don't be 
surprised, if we increase our machining capacity in a number of spots here over the next 12 months. We have not 
announced nor I think with the lack of inclusion in the press release of any expansion pure in shovel capacity at this 
point in time, Mike. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Mike, I might add one other thought. Keep in mind, that when you are running to as flat out 
as we have been now for some time there is a tendency to simply increase maintenance capital as well. The fact is you 
wear things out faster if nothing else. So, we will see some increases in maintenance capital for replacements of 
tooling, additional outsourcing capacity in the form of patterns and the like. And machine tool replacements just to 
make certain that we continue to maintain quality levels and high levels of productivity. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay. Great. And then just one other question, obviously, the CEO transition is going very well, 
obviously with Don scheduled to retire at the end of the year, I was wondering didn't give us an update on where things 
stand on the CFO search? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Mike, Don is not going to retire at the end of the year. He is committed to stay as long as it 
takes for us to get a CFO on Board and go through that transition process. So, he is on the hook for a while longer. But 
I will let him give you an update on where we are with the CFO selection process. 


<A - Donald Roof>: And I think the original announcement even said that, Mike, that I was going to be staying for a – 
through the transition process for whatever length that was. And I think there was even a quote from John Hanson 
backing that announcement and we are working very hard on it. We are down to finalists. We have got some excellent 
candidates. I would not be surprised that the marketplace would see an announcement along that line before our next 
earnings announcement. But it then again could also not be before our next earnings announcement, Mike, but it is 
going to be a pretty formal approach of probably at least six months of orientation and transition time. So that the new 
person can have the same benefit that I had way back when of getting out and learning the business, and then taking the 
time as well to expose that person to our analyst community and to our investment community and do that properly. So, 
you are going to have to put up with me for at least couple of more calls. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: So, sounds like you are not off the hook just yet but congratulations on a very nice quarter. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Mike, you may remember during Don's orientation, I made him go up to the oil sands in 
February. I think he intends to be here when the new CFO has to go to the oil sands in February just to get even. 

<A - Donald Roof>: But, thank you Mike. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Good morning gentlemen. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning, Rob. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning, Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Don, can you tell us what revenue growth was in the P&H aftermarket business and give us 
some indication of what it would have been without Stamler? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Now you are talking the Joy side instead of the P&H with Stamler...? 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I am sorry, I got two different questions. 

<A - Donald Roof>: That's okay. You want to rephrase or do you want me to take it...combined? 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: No, let's start it over. Don, I am looking for a P&H aftermarket revenue growth number. 
And then separate from that, I am looking for a Stamler revenue growth contribution in the quarter. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah. P&H revenue growth aftermarket in the quarter was solid double-digit, I believe it was in 
excess of 20%. So, there really was not much difference, Rob, between the growth rates on the two sides of... 

<A>: P&H's. 

<A - Donald Roof>: ...revenues for the fourth quarter. Stamler was just about where we thought it would be with some 
of our earlier conversations. So, it was just over 30 million of revenue growth in the fourth quarter, which was a little 
lower with some of the initial transition, but not that far off and as you heard Mike Sutherlin mention, he expects that 
the growth next year – the inclusion next year of Stamler for the full-year will contribute about 5 percentage points of 
that 13 to 25% overall growth. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. I understood that. Okay. Thank you. I think I heard commentary near the end of your 
prepared remarks that you experienced a little bit of – maybe it's a little unusual, a little bit of lumpiness in revenue 
recognition in the quarter, which looks to me like it occurred at P&H? 


<A - Donald Roof>: No, none whatsoever. If we gave that impression we apologize, Rob. No, Mike commented on the 
lumpiness of overall orders... 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Order activity, right. 

<A - Donald Roof>: ... as did I. He also commented that Q1 was going to go back to a normal seasonality as opposed 
to last year's Q1, but no, there was no lumpiness on revenue recognition. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: All right. Okay. I apologize for the misunderstanding. And can you talk to the general issue 
of the tension in the marketplace between your own rapidly growing backlog, and order lead times and what customers 
want, and some investors' concerns that you might see some of your customers in effect trying to order twice or hold 
positions with sort of phantom orders. So, I'm wondering if you could – you have done this in the past, if you could 
revisit briefly what you do to clean and maintain a clean order backlog? What we're talking about doing is preventing 
double ordering from inflating your numbers. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Not sure how that goes to the backlog but we have basically guys at every mine site around the 
world, and our relationship with the customers allows us to work with them on their capital budgeting for equipment. 
We know what they submit, we know what gets approved. We know generally what the activities are at the mine and 
so we can pretty much clean out double ordering for big pieces of equipment, our OE stuff, and we roll that into our 
backlog on a very judicious basis, and requiring advance payments and some other contractual steps before those 
machines go into backlog. 

On the aftermarket, again, we're a major provider of the aftermarket service along with the parts, we have both 
underground and on surface we have people in those mines every day providing advice, consultation, actually doing 
some of the repair and rebuild work. So, therefore, it is very unlikely that we're going to get any significant amount of 
doubling up just to try to beat the queue if you will. We are concerned about the – keeping up with our aftermarket 
demand, and making sure we stay ahead of that, and at the same time we are also very sensitive to the – to not carrying 
a lot of capacity overhang and so we are always trying to balance those two things. 

We think that the aftermarket is where our strength is. That's where the reliability with the customer is established and 
we always put that as a top priority. Then we need to manage the lead-time on the original equipment, and that does 
tend to stretch out, and we are trying to work with customers in terms of forward planning as much as possible so that 
they can make their equipment decisions at a point where the lead-times do not have an effect, and we are generally not 
the longest lead-time item that they deal with anyhow. So, it's a matter of positioning ourselves, more so than it is 
getting them to commit for equipment before they are ready to commit other mine expenditures. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Thanks. That's helpful. And if I can just get a follow up on a question you had earlier about 
new capacity. You had talked – I believe as recently at the last call about the possibility of speaking to new shovel 
capacity, potentially somewhere around the Pacific Rim, that might be announced around this time of the calendar year 
or even before. And Don from your remarks, clearly not ready to make any announcement; my question would be 
whether this reflects a rethink on whether it's even needed or not with the possibility of using some of this, as you 
described it, fungible capacity in other locations to address capacity needs? Or is it simply that you are not quite ready 
to make a decision as to where and you still anticipate that there will be a likely future announcement regarding new 
shovel capacity? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Let me first just for clarification. We talked about the general strategy of translating 
capacity from high cost to low cost regions and getting ourselves in a position where we had a unit cost advantage but 
that was not necessarily tied to the additional shovel capacity. Those were two separate items. And so we have this 
long-term strategy of translating cost to low cost regions. And then we have to deal with the shovel capacity issue. 

The shovel capacity, the key elements of the shovel capacity – of the shovel are pretty fungible between aftermarket 
and original equipment; and with our concern about the aftermarket, we can be a little aggressive on building capacity 
to more than satisfy that aftermarket demand. We feel very confident in the demand, continued demand growth in the 
aftermarket. And if we can also use some of that to get some increases in our shovel capacity if we manage that 
effectively. So, we are looking at that overall equation but they do get evaluated on a combined basis. 


So, on a combined basis, there is less risk in increasing capacity than if we are looking just at original equipment 
capacity exclusively. So, we are looking on a combined basis and trying to – if you will, invest in areas that allow us to 
build more shovels and get ahead of the aftermarket demand with minimal capital investment. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Thanks. All right. Very good. Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Rob. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi. It's Barry Bannister, Stifel Nicolaus. How are you? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning, Barry from Stifel. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: It is a better name than Harnischfeger, right? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: You are right. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: A lot better. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: John – and everybody, actually this is a great open question. Are you seeing any shifts in 
share out there in surface mining between electric and hydraulic, as hydraulic technology has improved, in terms of 
substitution, competition, or market share? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: No, we really haven't seen much. The reality is it's still more application dependent than 
anything else. Where you have need for high mobility or where your needs are short-term, you are going to favor the 
hydraulic; and when you are looking for the lowest cost per unit of production in a long lived mine, it's electrified. You 
are going to aim toward the shovel. And we continue to see relatively few jobs where one is competing with the other. 
In addition, the lead times haven't been all that different. So that in reality, it's not like the hydraulics have a huge 
advantage simply because they are sitting on a shelf ready to go. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And would you talk about the lead-time change on underground equipment now that the 
domestic has slowed down a bit? Has there been a change in the lead times? And can you compare it maybe 
quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year for typical large machinery and I am talking shears and maybe continuous 
miners? And then, as you penetrate backlog layers in underground, are we going to see a different margin profile? Are 
you getting out of the way some of your high-margin business and going down to roof supports and such? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well Barry, let me deal with both of those. On the underground business, we have a starting 
lead time of around six months and that's because those machines are highly engineered for the specific mine they are 
going to go into, cutting conditions, the size of the entry that they are working with and things like that. So, generally 
speaking, we get a specification, we do a lot of upfront engineering with the customer before we get finalized and a lot 
of that translates into configurations and some of the accessory equipment that goes on the machine, that has got to be 
designed in and MSHA [Mine Safety and Health Administration] certified and things. 

So, our minimum lead time is six months, generally for original equipment. As the market in North America begins to 
soften, we are working out our lead times, on things, particularly like continuous miners; shearing machines not as 
much because we have seen a fairly significant increase in demand in the international markets on the shearing 
machines. The continuous miners are seeing more demand in the emerging markets too for entry development to go 
alongside the long haul developments in those markets. So, generally speaking, we are seeing some improvement in the 
lead time, but it's not just going down to, off the shelf kind of delivery or anything close to that. We are still looking at 
in the neighborhood of nine months or more lead time on underground equipment. 


The backlog layers, we've worked real hard to build our margins on our original equipment and the backlog reflects a 
lot of that build. So, as we go through the backlog, the pricing, the margin should be getting better all the time as they 
reflect more current conditions. We have had a strategy on roof supports of, if you will, margin first and we look at 
those projects that give us good margins, we look at the projects that are higher technology, higher performance 
applications; and we are not driven to just load up the order book with low margin long haul business. That has been 
our strategy, that has been reflected in our long haul business over the last three years or longer and you can see those 
revenue numbers being fairly consistent because it does reflect the selectivity we have in that strategy. We just don't 
see that changing. 

So, the bottom line is, you shouldn't see – as we deplete the backlog. As the backlog works down on the original 
equipment on the underground business, you shouldn't see any change in the margin as a result of that. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Remember when we, a number of years ago shut down the plant in the U.K. that was pretty 
vertically-integrated on the manufacture of roof supports and in fact went to a very high level of outsourcing that put us 
in a position where our cost relative to roof supports was more variable than fixed and allowed us really to not have to 
or just simply chase volume for volume's sake. And so, while we don't maybe always maintain the same kind of market 
shares we have traditionally, we really have focused on returns and on performance as Mike outlined. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And then just John, I believe you – after you left Solar, didn't you run Joy Manufacturing in 
the early '70s and mid-'70s? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: No. What happened Barry is I actually spent some time at the headquarters at Caterpillar 
after I left Solar driving the strategic planning and restructuring changes that took place at the beginning of 1990; and 
then at that time, joined the LBO that had taken place from Joy Manufacturing, which was called Joy Technologies. 
That had taken place, the LBO had actually taken place in '87, and I joined in January of '90. By that time, most of the 
Joy Manufacturing assets other than the environmental business and the underground mining business had been shed 
and we were really focused very much as a mining equipment business. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: It's just – the most important question for the domestic underground equipment business, it 
seems to me to whether we get new mine openings and an expansion of coal-fired power generation giving you a 
second wave. And I just wanted to ask, based on your long perspective before you leave the company, do you 
remember if there was since your take off has been very similar to the '70s cycle with the '73, '76 take off in Joy 
Manufacturing orders for underground equipment almost the same as this cycle in '03 to '06. Was there a pause where 
new mine developments had to overcome environmental and other opposition; and that those new mines were 
eventually developed and you got a second wave of equipment, can we look forward to that sort of thing in the future? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: I don't know if I can answer that question for you because at the time, I was really in the oil 
and gas industry with Solar having come out of a industrial products company before that. But having said that, I think 
there is a very big fundamental difference between that cycle and this one; and it was largely the fact that, at that time, 
there was much more fragmentation to the industry and the industry in fact rushed to create a huge amount of over 
capacity. 

I can remember when I first joined Joy, people who had been here or been with the company, at the time of that '70s 
expansion, talked about – just what Rob was talking about earlier and that was people actually if they needed two 
machines, they ordered four from three different suppliers. And there was a tremendous over purchase of equipment 
and creation of over capacity so that when it became clear that the crisis wasn't really a crisis and things started to 
unwind, it took really quite a long time for that unwinding to take place. What we've seen in this cycle is a lot more 
discipline on the part of the producers than existed in the last cycle; and with the relative consolidation that's taken 
place in between, we just haven't seen that creation of a lot of excess capacity. 

Your real question hedged around the addition of power plants; and like I said, I wasn't really involved in the industry 
at that time and so I don't recall exactly what happened. But what we have seen is that new power plants that have been 
permitted and where construction has gotten underway, has actually been a surprisingly orderly process. If you had bet 
me 10 years ago that it could happen, I would have probably bet no; but the reality is, it has been an orderly process. 


Yes, it does take a little time and there are environmental issues and the like, but we've seen a number of plants get 
permitted, construction get underway, construction follow an orderly process. And so, I think, our expectation is that 
we will continue to see this go on with the greatest restraint actually coming from the utilities themselves as they again 
try and not get out in front of themselves – not get too far in front of the demand curves. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Thanks a lot. Congrats on a great quarter. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks Barry. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Hi guys. How are you doing? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning Joel. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning Joel. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: I'm just wondering if you can talk a little bit about any subtle changes in the strategy Mike? You have 
a lot of experience and maybe some different experiences than John has had; and I wondered if you can just talk a little 
bit sort of subtle areas where you think you can add a little bit more to the company and drive maybe in slightly 
different direction? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, I can do that as John's looking at me here across the table. It has been surprising 
actually over the last four years working with John, how much we share an outlook on the business and the industry, so 
that's – you'll see much more continuity than change. 

I think probably the two areas where you will see me emphasize more, would be one in the area of technologies and 
development of technologies. I'm a fairly big advocate now that controls and automation will evolve in this industry at 
a fairly rapid pace, particularly as our workforce begins to roll up on a – majority of the workforce roll up on a 
retirement age, and we will see the evolution in the mining equipment business, not unlike the evolution in factories 
going from manualized to CNC machinery. And we will push that development and we will leverage that development 
into our life cycle management programs through things like remote diagnostics and remote condition monitoring and 
things like that. 

So, that would be one area that we will accelerate, but I also think that this business has a lot of value in its core 
competencies around mining machinery, and life cycle management, and I think we can add a lot of value to a lot of 
other businesses. We have been on – we have talked about acquisitions in the past and they are a bit opportunistic, but I 
do believe that we can take an acquisition and improve the performance of that business dramatically by our own 
capabilities, and what we've been able to do with the two businesses we have and so we will continue to look for that. I 
think early on, you got to build credibility by staying close to what you do, but obviously the definition of life cycle 
management, the definition of mining can be expanded as our performance proves itself; but that's down the road. 

So, early on, we would like to continue to expand our business and leverage our own core competencies if we can. And 
we will work hard to try to find opportunities to do that rather than having them come to us, we will go search them out 
a little bit harder. Other than that, I really don't see a whole lot of change in the business. We will still be a 
fundamentally an operating business. We will still drive our two businesses around best equipment, life cycle 
management strategies, and things like that. So 


<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. And just a quick follow up. It sounded to me between the lines like a lot of the slowdown in 
North American coal is weather-related but it also looks like the met coal guys are going to cut their CapEx for '07 as 
well. Can you just give us a sense of how that fits into the overall theme, what's going on? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: The North American thermal coal market is weather-related. If you look at 
power-generating growth year-over-year, that number last time I looked, it was 0.2% growth; and historically, it has 
been averaging around between 1.5 and 2.5% growth year-over-year. So, we have just got, mild weather conditions 
have reduced heating requirements have reduced power demand, and that's reduced coal burn. Those conditions will 
undoubtedly change; and when they change, they will change rapidly, and but it's just really uncertain when that's 
going to happen. Certainly, sitting in Milwaukee today looking outside and a sunny mild day it's not encouraging it is 
going to happen in December. But it will happen here soon. So that will correct itself. 

The met coal market – it's a bit of a different market. I think the U.S. met coal producers do not participate in the same 
seaborne trade that the Australian producers participate in; and most of the U.S. shipment will be to Europe or Brazil. 
And so those are different markets. I think the China market for us is – since we are a strong participant there – that still 
is a strong growth market for us just like Australia is a strong growth market. We don't see the slowdown in CapEx in 
Australia. At $100 a ton for met coal prices the Australia mines can still be very profitable and they are continuing to 
build their CapEx on long-term fundamentals and we are not seeing any slowdown in that at this point. So, the met coal 
market will taper down in price. But I don't think it's going to change the fundamentals for investment by our 
customers, just like the oil sands have not slowed down despite some volatility in crude oil prices more recently. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Joel. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning, Seth. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Good morning. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Most of the questions have been asked and answered, but just a couple of follow ups. Mike you 
mentioned, as you worked through the underground backlog your margins could go up. Do you think that holds as well 
on the surface side as you add the new capacity? Should we expect margins to increase with this new capacity, and 
specifically the project in Milwaukee? And can you just remind us where we are with that new capacity? How we 
should be thinking about that coming online? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Let me talk about the coming online of the capacity and then Don could talk about the 
margins if you will. We are finishing up the capacity addition here this month and so that'll be basically finished by the 
end of the calendar year. That has been a series of machines that we have installed in some key machining areas in 
Milwaukee. That will go through a ramp up phase, and we would expect in the second half of 2007 to be running at that 
new full capacity run rate. But in the first half of the year, we will be building, if you will, filling the pipeline; and so 
we will be in that ramp up phase. 

Now that capacity is fungible between original equipment and aftermarket; and so, as we brought machines online 
during 2006, we have seen some benefit in the capacity addition on a machine-by-machine basis. So, it is not a – and 
those machines that are being installed within current sales, they are not standalone, sell by itself; they're not standalone 
capacity that will all be switched on at the same time. So, we have seen some of that capacity come online during the 
second half of 2006 as those machines have been installed and brought up. And we will see that continue into 2007, we 
will finally be at that higher run rate as we get into the second half of the year. 

So, we have actually realized some of the transition, we have got some more of the ramp up transition to go through – 
and will be at full run at the second half of the year. Don, if I can defer to you to talk about the profit margin 


implications. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah, and there are several, in some cases offsetting factors to that so be very careful. What you 
heard Mike respond to in a question a few minutes ago was the question along the line would underground margins be 
going down? And he said in fact no that the underground margins would not be going down, and that we are very 
comfortable with our overall margins in the original equipment, underground and surface in the backlog and as we 
work through that backlog. We also said that do not expect significant expansion in gross profit margins overall. 

We've had some very, very good success on both sides at Joy and P&H here over the last couple of years, particularly 
here in the quarters in 2006, but the OE mix is going to get more challenging next year. We have much tougher comps 
overall. The costs issues are out there, although as you heard Mike say we think we are still addressing the cost issues 
with price realization. So, be careful on the overall margins in '07 versus '06, Seth. Although once you work your way 
down the income statement a little bit further, Mike says he believes that we can continue to get some expansion in our 
operating or EBIT margins, and that is because both operations are working real hard at operating initiatives, both 
operations are working real hard at controlling their overhead and SG&A costs. And so, I think that is where we believe 
'07 is going to come out, Seth. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay. Thanks. And just a quick follow-up, Mike, in your prepared remarks you mentioned India as 
kind of coming online, is that something that we should now be thinking about as kind of coming along a little bit faster 
or is that still you think a couple of years out? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, India is always a difficult market to predict from a timing standpoint. We certainly are 
seeing the continued growth in the Indian economy. You don't read about it so much because it gets overshadowed by 
China. But the Indian economy has been growing at 7.5, 8% a year for the last few years, the service sector economy is 
continuing to be very strong there. And it is driving the same kind of demands as we see in China, infrastructure build 
to quality of life kind of implications. 

China is now starting to import thermal coal to keep up with its power demand. And the growth rates in that imported 
coal, the numbers are pretty phenomenal, I mean they are in the 30 to 40% a year growth rate, it's a small number still. 
But I think last year they have imported somewhere around 25 to 30 million metric tons of coal. So, it's a small, but 
rapidly growing number. And we don't see anything on the production side where they are making either 
rationalizations in their ownership of – state ownership for the mines or in productivity investments that is going to 
allow them to increase their production at rates to offset that. 

So, my view is we will still see India as a net importer of coal and a growing importer of coal over the next few years, 
and there will be some kind of governmental change that will allow inward investment and privatization in that industry 
before we will see any significant increase in the capacity within India. They have plenty of coal, they've got plenty of 
coal reserves. It is just a matter of getting better organized to take advantage of them. So, my comments with India 
related to the addition to the seaborne market for thermal coal adding to that seaborne market demand. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay. Thanks very much guys. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Seth. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Charles Brady with BMO Capital Markets. 

<Q>: Hi, good morning. This is Kooni sitting in for Charlie. Congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Kooni. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 


<Q>: I just had a quick question regarding the orders you have booked already for '08 and beyond. Can you tell us how 
much of the slots you have allocated for '08, have already been filled to-date? And also if you could give us an idea as 
to when you expect to sell out the capacity for the year? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I think you're referring primarily to our electric shovel capacity. And we have, now, we are 
booking into 2008. We have, we still have some 2008 slots that are not formally booked. We go through a process, 
again we do a lot of forward planning with customers, and we will actually pencil in their machines into our production 
slots. And if you will, we will coordinate that until we get to a point where it is appropriate to book that. We have fairly 
rigorous procedures for booking, and don't – in a sense we're working with the customers on an intimate basis, we are 
not really concerned about getting that signed contract early in the process. We want to make sure that we understand 
the machine requirements well before we do that. 

We've got, I think on the earnings release, we showed that we've got the machines that are now booked into 2009, 
we've seen some multiple machine orders come in, and the way that those orders have been getting spaced out, the 
customer would like to have machines delivered every X number of months and we are seeing some of those multiple 
machine orders now fall over into 2009. But we're really confident that we've got the capacity booked out in 2008, and 
we are not concerned at all about being able to have the machines to fill every bit of that capacity. We are more worried 
about managing the timing between 2008 and 2009 on some of that market requirements for our customers and making 
sure that we are within their requirements and within our own capacity limits. 

So the hard bookings, it's – not everything is filled. The way we are working with customers, we know that we're going 
to get those additional slots filled just as we pass the formal requirements for bookings. And we are starting to book out 
in the 2009 on some of the multiple machine requirements. 

<Q>: Okay. And shifting gears to the Chinese opportunity, I know you mentioned, they're still in the early stages of 
converting the township mines to the state-owned enterprises. But can you give us an idea as to how much of the 
reserve are still in the hands of the township mines. I think earlier this year you gave a figure around 70%, has that 
changed significantly ever – since the time? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: No, it hasn't. I mean what we've seen to-date is a couple of examples where mines around a 
specific township has been taken over by a state-owned enterprise. And they've basically abandoned the current 
workings and started out a whole new mine complex, brought new shafts, started a new mine complex altogether 
because the current workings are manually mined and it is really, they can't really salvage very much out of that. As 
those things prove themselves, we'll see that accelerate, but today we've seen only if you will prototype level examples 
of that going on. 

The country needs the coal, I mean, those township mines are sitting on 70% of the reserves, they are currently 
producing somewhere around 45 or 50% of the country's energy or coal requirements. So, you can't just shut all those 
mines in and not take the – you can't take – they can't afford to take the production offline. So, the conversion process 
is going to have to happen just by the shear economics of the size of that market. And we'll see that grow and evolve 
into a significant demand for equipment. And it will spill over for us into the room and pillar type equipment since 
subsidence becomes a big issue around these townships. 

So, very, very early stages of this conversion process, but the factors are there to convince me that the process will in 
fact go forward and once it begins to pick up momentum, it will accelerate. We have seen that in the – in our Tier I, 
customers going back two or three years when we were just selling to Shenhua, and the proliferation of new customers 
and new opportunities in that top tier market has expanded very significantly, and we will see the same happen with the 
township mines as well. 

<Q>: That's all I had. Thank you very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Thanks Kooni. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Gautesh Patel with Bear Stearns. 

<Q>: Hello, good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning. 

<Q>: This has been a very good discussion, a lot of my questions have already been answered, just another question on 
China, could you talk about the market in terms of steam coal and met coal, and what you see happening there with 
regards to that? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Let me just make some general comments. The met coal portion of the China demand is a 
small but important part of that business, and just like in the U.S. we will have producers that will produce both thermal 
and met coal, same in Australia. There is no differentiation among the customers. If the mine qualifies for met coal, 
they will sell it into the higher priced market and it gives them better economics. So, we don't see a new set of 
customers, or we don't have a different set of customers that are in the met coal-producing regions than we currently 
sell to today. 

In China, the met coal production is in the neighborhood of 350 million tons out of a total country production of about 

2.3 billion tons. So, it's a relatively small percentage of the total, but because the economics it is important, and the 
production efficiencies are just as important there as they are in the thermal coal market. So, we working at mines that 
do sell met coal. We will continue to do that just as we do in the other regions. So, you will see an evolution of 
equipment in China that's going to be built around high-productivity mines, and the customers who build 
high-productivity mines like the Shenhuas, like the Munings and companies like that. They will do that whether they 
are thermal or met coal, so we will benefit on both sides. 
As the steel production in China continues to grow, you will see more and more of their internal production get directed 
to met coal and that will put more pressure on additional expansion in thermal coal areas to keep up with their energy 
demands for power generation in the country. So, from that standpoint the – this will generate more demand in China 
for thermal coal to offset the allocation of some of the production to met coal as the steel production is increasing. 

<Q>: So, you are saying that the increase in steel production is going to drive energy demand, driving thermal coal 
demand? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: No, what I'm saying is that some of the mines that are currently producing thermal coal can 
redirect some of their production to steel mills for met coal application. And that will have to be then offset by other 
increases in thermal coal production. 

<Q>: Okay. So, I mean there is a potential here that met coal prices could go further lower basically if you improve 
efficiency at these mines in China, I mean, it went down from, I think you said, 115 to 100 this year out of Australia? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, the top end of the market has gone from 115. It's expected that they're going to settle 
at $100 a metric ton as a reference price for the next – their next fiscal year, which I think starts in April. 

<Q>: And so as these Chinese mines improve efficiency, it could bring that price even lower? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well any excess capacity could bring that price lower, but remember I also said that there 
are other grades of metallurgical quality coal, soft coking coal and PCI grade coals that had been at a pricing disparity 
during 2006. And those grades of coal will actually see their prices go up to get a better balance between their relative 
value and their market price. So, we will see some movement in that whole met coal area; some grades will be under a 
little bit of price pressure, other grades will see some price increase. 

I think that all the producers of coal are going to get the best dollar they can for their met coal. I don't see that any 
different in China. China marketed thermal coal, there is not a lot of difference between the domestic and the export 
market in China for thermal coal, there is not a lot of difference between those two markets and the general 


Asia-Pacific price for thermal coal on the seaborne market. So, all those things tend to get more fluid as time goes on, 
and there is less and less differentiation by where the production is done, now including China. So, I don't see the 
Chinese production as having any kind of different impact on the market than Australian production would have for 
example. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you very much and congrats on a great quarter. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Sorry, I just needed to follow up what sounded like a fairly significant personal 
announcement that you made, Mike. Could you recap again the details about your new appointment in China, and then 
I had a separate question. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. I just wanted to make sure it was the China one and not John's departure. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I think we got that one. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Our major customer in China has been and continues to be China Shenhua Energy, and the 
guy who has been heading, has been President of China Shenhua Energy, is Wu Yuan. We have gotten to know him 
very well over the last few years because of the intimate working relationship we have with those guys. He has 
approached a mandatory retirement age that exists in China, and so he retired but is very active and knowledgeable guy 
and he was looking for continued activity and involvement and the --


<Q - Robert McCarthy>: There was opportunity in Joy Global? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes. It gave us the opportunity to talk about our plans in China and where we wanted to take 
the business. We look at our other markets around the world and we've become a very integral part of those markets. In 
Australia, South Africa, Chile, we're not just doing sales and service but we're doing manufacturing and engineering in 
country and that allows us to be close to our customers and make sure that our equipment is tailored to the needs of that 
market and we will do the same kind of an investment in China. And so having somebody of Wu Yuan's stature on 
board just gives us a lot more confidence in making that investment. He understands the nuances of the market and 
helps us learn and tailor ourselves to that market even more effectively, and overall I think it is just going allow us to 
push our programs ahead stronger and faster. 

So, I think it will be a great addition for us, it is not just intended to give us access to Shenhua. We have good 
connections and good relationship with Shenhua. It really is designed to broaden our knowledge of the market and 
market potentials including like on the previous call, including how to best go about penetrating this opportunity on the 
conversion of these township markets; how to move down from the Tier I to the Tier II customers in China and begin to 
penetrate that market. All those things are going to be very important to us as we go forward. We have U.S. capacity 
that is high-cost capacity. We don't want to expand there. We have some capacity that we acquired with Stamler, the 
Millersburg facility, we have that on a lease basis, pending our look at long-term plans for that and we intend to take 
Stamler and integrate it with the rest of our business rather having it as a standalone business. That's how we are going 
to get the synergistic benefits. 

All those things are part of what we look at, as we look at what we want to build in countries like China, because China 
can become a manufacturing site for the local demand and also a low-cost exporter to other regions around the world. 
So, all those things give us a lot of opportunity in China it's just a matter of getting the knowledge and capability on 
board, that will make sure that we are making the right investment decisions to take advantage of that opportunity. So, 
Wu Yuan is going to be I think key to us, as we go forward in that regard. 


<Q - Robert McCarthy>: All right. Thanks, Mike. That was helpful. And I gathered that the company completed a 
small acquisition in Australia in the quarter, a motor rebuild facility, I believe, is this strictly assets or does this bring a 
little bit of revenue with it as well? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Both. It is a relatively small acquisition, motor rebuild business. They were a company that 
was doing rebuilds of some of our motors in the Hunter Valley. They had a strong presence there. There were also 
doing motor rebuilds for other applications in the Hunter Valley, and so it brings some revenue that we weren't getting 
and we will be able to take advantage of some higher revenues as a result of that. And, it'll be a leverage point to 
strengthen our position in the Hunter Valley, which we think is a key market in Australia going forward. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: But Don, I gather the revenue impact on an annual basis is less than $10 million? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Slightly more than that and the transaction just closed in December. So, that is a Q1 activity Rob 
not a Q4 activity. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: All right. And then, I will let you go after this – I can't let you get off the call without asking 
one question that involves the initials DBT. But, this isn't really a question about the acquisition. I just wonder from 
your perspective, do you have a rough estimate of how much of their business actually overlaps with yours, because 
they are in products that you guys aren't into? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, I will answer, probably not what you're looking for but I'll answer it from the reverse 
side that DBT is a very reputable competitor. We see them matching up with our products. They have a product 
offering that matches up with what we offer. And in the geographic regions, they are present in those geographic 
regions as well. So, we – it is a situation that has been existing for a long time. The competition has been there. Their 
products versus our products, we don't see any of that – we don't see any of that changing with this acquisition. It is a 
marketplace that we are well accustomed to each other, we know each other. I really don't know how much of their 
revenues comes from products that we don't produce, that's not information that we would have. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. All right. Thank you, guys. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Rob. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

At this time, there are no further questions. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Executive Vice President; and Chief Executive Officer – 
Joy Mining Machinery 

Okay. I think if there are no further questions, I would like to just close by thanking everyone for their interest in and 
support of Joy Global, and I would like to wish everyone on the call very best for the holidays and a very prosperous 
New Year. And with that thank you and good morning. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


