Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 
• James H. Woodward, Jr., Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
Other Participants 

• Alex Blanton 
• Charles Brady 
• Mark Koznarek 
• Joel Tiss 
• Robert McCarthy 
• Seth Weber 
• David Bleustein 
• Barry Bannister 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, my name is Andrea and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Joy Global, Incorporated Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you Mr. Sutherlin, you may begin your conference. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thank you Andrea. Good morning and welcome to the Joy Global fiscal year 2007 second quarter earnings call. I am 
Mike Sutherlin, President and CEO. Joining me on this call is Jim Woodward, our Chief Financial Officer. Also present 
today are Sean Major, our General Counsel; Mike Olsen, our Chief Accounting Officer; and Gene Fuhrmann, our Vice 
President and Corporate Controller. 

Today we will follow a different format. I will start with my overview of our second quarter and then I will turn the call 
over to Jim, who will provide a more specific analysis of our performance and then I will close the prepared remarks 
with an outlook for our markets and will give our forward guidance. 

Before I begin, I would like to remind listeners that some of the remarks we make today will be forward-looking 
statements. All statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements and involve risks and 
uncertainties. Our press release and latest 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC contain risk factors, cautionary 
statements, and other disclosure that are relevant to an understanding of these forward-looking statements and discuss 
factors that could cause our actual future results to be significantly different from those currently expected by the 
company. 

With that said, our second quarter results are very solid and continue to support our outlook for this business in three 
main areas. First regarding orders, strong orders from international markets have more than offset the current weakness 
in our largest market segment of U.S. coal. It continues to support the fact that our industry leadership and broad reach 


across all commodities and geographic markets will allow us to deliver strong performance despite the occasional 
correction in selected markets, which will be a characteristic of the long industry cycle that is still ahead. 

Second regarding aftermarket, we have long made the point that aftermarket orders mitigate cyclical swings in original 
equipment. We can see that most clearly in the U.S. underground business where aftermarket orders were down but 
generally in line with production declines from the U.S. underground mines, despite original equipment orders being 
down 60% in this market. 

Third, regarding profitability; our cost discipline continues to underpin solid PV performance and EBIT margins 
continue to improve. EBIT margins are now above the target range we set previously even with the offsetting effect of 
Stamler amortization. This demonstrates our ability to continue to improve margins beyond levels that already lead the 
industry. 

We also had two notable successes during the quarter. First P&H commissioned its new AC shovel in oil sands using 
our "flawless start" initiative and met performance standards that allowed us to turn this machine over to the customer 
ahead of schedule. 

In addition, early production shows noticeable improvement over all other machines in the fleet and P&H is committed 
to continue working with the customer to reach long-term production improvement targets. Based on the success to 
date, an additional two AC shovels were ordered in the second quarter. 

And secondly, Joy booked its largest order ever for a complete longwall system. When this order is delivered to 
Australia in 2008, it will be the world's highest rated and most technically advanced longwall system. It was also 
gratifying that this order was a result of a collaborative development effort with the customer to design and build a 
system that would maximize production in the very challenging geological conditions of the mine. This is a second 
major customer to move to collaborative development to achieve greatest value. 

And now I will turn the call over to Jim Woodward. 

James H. Woodward, Jr., Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thank you Mike. As Mike mentioned in his opening comments, the real message this quarter is one of growing through 
the cycle. Despite the weakness in U.S. underground coal, order bookings and sales continue to grow due to the 
diversification of our revenue streams to multiple commodities and geographic regions around the world. During my 
orientation tour, what I found is a truly global company, with strong underlying long-term trends for our markets in all 
regions, despite regional short-term fluctuations. 

Starting with bookings, despite a 60% drop in original equipment orders in the U.S. underground coal market and a 
smaller drop in the aftermarket, which was more consistent with the decline in production, worldwide consolidated 
orders increased by 33% from the prior year to 728 million. Underground orders increased 36% with a new longwall 
system in Australia and other international orders offsetting U.S. underground decline. Although lower than the torrid 
pace in the first quarter, surface mining orders increased 29% with double-digit increases in both OE and aftermarket 
demand compared to the previous year. 

As we have stated previously, the timing of new orders does tend to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and while the 
overall level provides support for our outlook, it could be misleading to draw conclusions from the bookings of any 
single quarter. Consolidated sales for the quarter of 629 million increased by 12% year-over-year, reflecting an 18% 
increase in surface and just over an 8% increase in underground mining machinery. As mentioned in our press release, 
this performance was driven primarily by strong aftermarket sales in both businesses especially from international 
locations. 

Surface mining aftermarket sales increased by 23% and strong international aftermarket underground sales offset a 2% 
increase in OE underground sales due to the weakness in the U.S. market. OE sales were also affected by delays due to 
production constraints in surface mining equipment, as well as a delay in a couple of international customers getting 


letters of credit completed. We expect that this will be corrected in the next quarter. 

Gross margins for the quarter were 33.2%, an increase of 30 basis points from last year. This result reflects weaker 
year-over-year comparisons in OE margins, offset by stronger margins in the aftermarket. OE margins were affected 
primarily by changes in product mix, but we are also seeing continued pressure on commodity costs, especially steel. 

2.6 million in amortization of Stamler's acquisition cost also negatively impacted the current quarter's gross margin. 
Product development, selling, and administrative expenses amounted to about 14% of sales in both the current and the 
prior year period. The increase in expense reflects increased investment in China infrastructure, as we continue to build 
the foundation for future growth. 

Other income decreased due to 2.8 million in gains on the sale of two facilities in the prior period that was not repeated 
in the current quarter. Overall, the operating margin in both periods remains above 19%. 

Interest expense, net of interest income, increased by 9.3 million, compared to last year. As you know, this primarily 
reflects the issuance of 400 million of long-term bonds in our first quarter. The proceeds of this issuance were used 
primarily to repurchase the company's shares, pursuant to a one billion buyback authorization by the Board of 
Directors. During the quarter, we repurchased an additional 75 million, bringing the amount purchased to date under 
the authorization to a cumulative 730 million. We will continue to use available free cash flow to repurchase shares 
under the current authorization. 

Pre-tax income was also favorably impacted last year by 5.1 million in reorganization income that was not repeated this 
year. The book tax rate for the quarter was 31.6% versus 29.1% in the prior year quarter. This increase reflects a 
discreet positive tax adjustment last year that reduced the quarterly tax provision by 6.3 million or 5 cents per share. 

Cash taxes for the first two quarters of the current year were 14% of pre-tax book income or 29 million. Reflecting all 
of the above, diluted earnings per share for the quarter were 70 cents per share, compared to 66% last year. And 
remember last year's quarter was affected by multiple positive events, including the gain on sale of two facilities and 
the 5.1 million reorganization income as well as the favorable tax discrete adjustments. 

On a year-to-date basis, sales were up 7%, reflecting essentially flat underground sales with international strength 
offsetting the weakness in the U.S. Surface mining sales are up a solid 14% and capacity constraints continue to be the 
major issue in this segment. Gross and operating margins are up 80 and 10 basis points, respectively, and fully diluted 
earnings per share are $1.21 versus $1.14 last year. 

Turning quickly to the balance sheet, just a couple of comments. As we mentioned in the release, net debt increased by 
only 18 million during the quarter despite the use of 90 million for dividends and stock repurchases. The one area of 
concern in working capital continues to be inventory efficiency. Despite strong demand, inventory increased again 
during the quarter and is now up over 100 million since the beginning of the year. This is an area which has received 
increased attention by the operating groups, and plans are in place for a significant reduction in the second half. This 
plan is what also drives our assumption for increased cash flow from operations in the second half when compared to 
the first half. 

Finally, on a forward basis we continue to anticipate that capital spend will be approximately 3 to 4% of sales, an 
increase from the previous years as we build the infrastructure to support China and make necessary investments in 
other international markets to accommodate the increase in demand. We continue to forecast cash taxes in the range of 
10 to 15% of sales and to continue our stock buyback program, which we anticipate will reduce shares outstanding to a 
range of 106 to 107 million by the end of the fiscal year. With that I'll turn it back to Mike. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thank you, Jim. As we look forward, we continue to feel more confident that we are nearing the turning point in U.S. 
coal. Electricity demand year-to-date is up 4% over last year. At the same time, our customers have and continue to 
exercise great discipline in keeping excess production off line. As a result, coal burn is up and prices have stabilized 


and started turning up. 

Although moving in the right direction, the prices in the U.S. coal market have not recovered their losses from last year. 
Our customers will maintain their discipline and will not bring production back online before they have multi-year 
contracts at reasonable prices. There is simply no reason or advantage for them to move early. When production does 
come back online, we will see it first in our after-market orders. However, we are not likely to see an increase in 
original equipment orders before our customers set their capital budgets for 2008. 

At the same time that our U.S. coal customers are maintaining their discipline, they are also behaving with confidence 
regarding the long-term future of their market. Joy is collaborating with a U.S. coal producer to develop new 
technologies to improve the rate of gateway advancement, which is currently the bottleneck in longwall production. 
Each of these two technologies has separately shown early promise to significantly improve advancement rates and the 
gains to be further extended when the two machines work in tandem. 

Joy has also selected to supply a new set of powered roof supports destined to an existing longwall mine for another 

U.S. customer. From these examples, you can see that neither our customers or we are simply waiting for demand to 
return in the U.S. coal, but are investing the time to work on programs and technologies that will lower the customers' 
cost per ton over the long-term and will extend our competitive advantage. 
Our Joy underground business is also using this time to address efficiency and alignment issues in its U.S. operations 
with the dual objectives to better position ourselves to match the needs of the U.S. market when it recovers and to 
additionally maintain profit performance in the meantime. The cost of these programs will be incurred in our third 
quarter and the benefits generally realized by year-end. 

For the longer term, the fundamentals for U.S. coal remain very strong. Announcements of planned capacity additions 
of coal fueled power total 96 gigawatts, which will demand an additional 300 to 350 million tons of coal per year. 18 
gigawatts of this capacity requiring 72 million tons of additional coal per year is expected to come online by 2011. By 
comparison, power generators only added 4 gigawatts of coal-fueled capacity between 1997 and 2006. Although 
construction often falls short of plan, these numbers actually represent only half of the required growth in future power 
capacity and thus are conservative. 

International coal markets have strengthened significantly, particularly over the past nine months, and have been driven 
by a combination of continued strong demand in China and India and supply constraints in the major exporting 
countries. There are 115 gigawatts of new coal-fueled electricity generating capacity scheduled to come online around 
the world over the next three years. China and India account for the greatest portion of this, but both the U.K. and 
Germany are also adding coal-fueled power capacity. 

China is moving from a net exporter to a net importer of coal. and this is driving increased demand for seaborne coal. 
China demand is growing by 100 to 150 million metric tons per year, and the top tier companies must add more than 
this amount annually as Beijing continues to close the small township mines for safety violations. As a result, our target 
customers must grow their production by 20% or more to meet the growth in domestic demand in China. Although our 
customer response has been exceptional, it has not been enough to completely close the gap, and China's declining 
imports have added 60 million tons to annual seaborne demand over the last three years. 

India's coal demand is growing by 6 to 7% a year, and imports will reach 85 million metric tons by 2011, up from 34 
million metric tons in 2007. As a result of these factors, seaborne coal demand is expected to grow by 6% this year, and 
supply is expected to remain in deficit for the next few years. This combination will continue to support strong pricing 
and an expansion environment for international coal. 

Now let's look at copper. Although copper prices have been moving up, the traded price of this commodity is not an 
accurate indicator of the strength of the underlying industry. The real supply/demand forces in copper center around 
prices in the $2.50 to $3.00 range and the rest is speculation that only adds volatility, but not value. 

Our copper customers look beyond the current prices and at industry fundamentals when committing to long-term 
expansion projects. From this perspective, their view of the market remains very positive. Globally there is a lot of 


money being poured into developing the copper industry. The major copper producers have announced 30 billion for 
expansion projects that will come on line through 2012 and there is another 10 to 15 billion in consideration. 

The outlook for iron ore is similarly robust. China already accounts for three-fourths of the seaborne demand and 
China's demand is expected to grow by more than 8% a year through 2012. New projects scheduled to come on-stream 
over the next few years will fall short of meeting the increase in capacity required to keep the market in balance. And in 
addition, India exports of iron ore are expected to reduce on the back of an excise tax that was imposed to support the 
domestic steel-making industry. 

Based on these factors, the Big 3 producers have announced their plans to expand their future iron ore capacity by 
another 30%. In addition, the Chinese steel makers have locked up almost all the Western Australia's spare capacity 
through direct investments in emerging producers. In short, the iron ore market has the basis for significant continued 
expansion over the next four to five years. 

The oil sands remains one of our primary long-term growth markets. Despite recent project and operating cost 
increases, the economics in the oil sands remains positive. The Canadian government has structured its climate change 
plans so that it will not derail expansion in the oil sands. New projects will be exempt from certain emissions targets for 
their first three years and emission targets in general will be applied on a unit of production basis. As a result, 
investment in oil sands continues. Three major new oil sands projects have been given regulatory approval in the past 
five months. 

In summary, the outlook for our business is very strong. Our customers continue to make investments in long-term 
expansion projects in all international commodities. In many ways the international markets are better today than they 
were two to three years ago, and the worst of the weakness in the U.S. coal market is behind us, putting this market 
closer to recovery. 

The increasing strength in our markets can be seen more clearly in our list of qualified prospects that are expected to 
become industry orders within the following 12 months. In confirmation of the strong market outlook this list has 
significantly increased over the last six months and supports my position that the overall market risk is to the upside. 

In setting our guidance for the next 12 months, we consider the continued strength in our international markets and the 
early signs pointing to recovery in U.S. coal and the resulting positive impact of these markets are now order rates. At 
the same time, we will be challenged to translate these orders into revenue increases during the forward guidance 
period. 

Although the U.S. coal market is near recovery, I expect our customers to maintain their market discipline. If 
production and therefore after-market orders increase in the second half of this calendar year, we would not see the full 
impact on our shipments until our fiscal year 2008. And we do not expect recovery in original equipment orders until 
our customers set their 2008 capital budget. With normal original equipment lead times, the impact on shipments will 
not be felt until the second half of our fiscal 2008. 

In addition, P&H continues to work to the limits of capacity even as it ramps up its new production in Milwaukee. The 
benefits of this capacity are already being realized in P&H's increased shipments this year. Our newest capacity 
addition in China will not come on line until mid-2008 with the second half of next year devoted to ramping up. 
Although we continue to pursue various means of increasing our physical and realizable capacities, it is anticipated that 
these efforts will have limited impact within the next guidance period. However, they're very important from a 
longer-term perspective to both insure high service levels to the growing needs of our customer and to insure delivery 
capability to support perspective order bookings. 

We also considered some future cost implications in our guidance. The cost reduction program at Joy Mining is 
reflected in our guidance. With the short payback of this program, it is neutral in our fiscal 2007 second half and 
positive for the next 12 months. 

Our factories in Milwaukee are represented by the steel workers under a five-year contract that provides for mid-term 
reopening of discussions on pension benefits. Those discussions are underway but not yet completed. Although 


discussions have moved to mediation, we do not expect an impact on our forward guidance. 

We've also noted two contingent liabilities in our 10-Q regarding a receivable collection and a disputed tax assessment, 
but continue to expect these to be favorably resolved. 

With these factors in mind, we expect revenues over the next 12 months, ending with our second quarter of fiscal 2008, 
to be in the range of 2.8 to 3.0 billion. With our continued focus on cost control and efficiency improvements, I expect 
our operating earnings to be in the range of 540 to 580 million. And with the continuation of share repurchases, this 
level of operating earnings will translate into earnings per share of $3.25 to $3.50. 

In summary, we are very positive about the longer-term outlook in all international commodities. We also believe the 

U.S. coal market is poised for recovery. Despite these very positive overall market factors, the impact on our revenues 
will be limited during our forward 12 months due to the lagged effect of the U.S. recovery on our Joy underground 
business and the timing of bringing on additional capacity to our P&H surface business. Thus the essence of our 
guidance is good for now but more to come. 
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to questions and answers. Andrea? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Alex Blanton. Mr. Blanton you may begin? 

<Q - Alex Blanton>: Alex Blanton, Ingalls & Snyder. Hi Jim. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Hello Alex. 

<Q - Alex Blanton>: Welcome to Joy. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Thanks. 

<Q - Alex Blanton>: You had a very nice 16% book-to-bill ratio in the quarter, and you showed us those orders in the 

– versus last year on slide 3. Could we get the percentage of total orders for each of these categories, or the actual 
numbers? 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: We don't typically break it down that way Alex or not – not historically. But we'll 
discuss it internally. 

<Q - Alex Blanton>: Yeah okay fine, maybe next time. Okay secondly what is the role of coal inventories in the 
current coal weakness? I mean I'm told by energy analysts that it is mainly an inventory problem right now in terms of 
the weakness in coal prices that we've had that should go away by – this inventory should get used up by sometime in 
the fall. Could you comment on that? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, Alex, this is Mike Sutherlin. We've seen during last year because of mild weather 
conditions, we saw those inventories build from 30 days of supply up to 50 days of supply, and the increase over that 
period of time was about 30 million in terms of the additional coal put on the stockpiles. As the coal burn now – as the 
coal burn for power generation is up this year, we're seeing more, more depletion of the stockpiles and earlier in the 
year after the winter burn season, we saw the stockpiles back down to somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 days. 
They're moving back up right now during the shoulder months, but we expect them to come back down during the 
summer cooling months. So, in general, we'll see those stockpiles pretty much deplete between now and the end of the 
year. And by the end of the year we would expect the stockpile levels to be in the high 30 days, closer maybe to 40 or 
slightly above. It's already been in that range which is a normal inventory range for power producing customers. So by 
the end of this year, we would expect those inventories to be well within the normal expected range that they have. 

<Q - Alex Blanton>: But would you agree that the inventories have had a depressing effect on prices? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, yeah, certainly. The – the inventory levels are indicative of excess production, but our 
customers have also taken quite a bit of production off-line, and right now we see that the production is balanced and 
maybe slightly in deficit by gains of coal burn. So the customer response has been very disciplined and very positive. If 
you look at past cycles, we've seen substantial build-up of inventories before the customers began to cut back their 
production. This time they cut back quickly and prevented a highly excess build-up of those stockpiles. So we'll see 
less of a whipsaw effect or less of a delayed effect as the market returns this time that we have during prior cycles. 

<Q - Alex Blanton>: Okay. Couple of more things. Could you comment on the proposal – what's your opinion or 
evaluation of the proposal in Congress to subsidize coal-to-liquid plants that was proposed yesterday in the Times? And 
secondly, you mentioned capacity constraints on surface mining. Any indication that, that some of those might be 
easing? For example, perhaps even equipment that you do not make, such as mining trucks that might be holding up the 
opening up of new mines. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, I'll do them in the order you asked, on how may CTL investments – I think the 
coal-to-liquid is just a very critical and important new technology for the industry. It will allow coal to be converted 
and in the process be cleaned, and so it becomes a fuel that becomes environmentally compliant, and I think that's just 
really the future for coal is to be a fuel that's environmentally compliant. We already know that coal is very cost 
efficient. We know it's very reliable and we know that there's tremendous security for coal production in the U.S. But 
once it's environmentally compliant, we've got all the aspects of coal to make it a continued preferred fuel source for 
power generation, and also on the coal-to-liquid basis it would begin to open up the transportation markets as well. 

So I think the long-term outlook for coal is very positive, and it's very positive specifically because of the potential of 
the commercial technologies. On the surface capacity, we see our customers continue to do long-term planning of 
projects. We're talking to our customers about projects that are stretching out into 2010 and beyond. So they're 
beginning to look further ahead as they make their equipment selection decisions, we don't see any adverse impact of 
tires or trucks on their equipment selection decision. Their mine plans are moving forward, they seem to be able to get 
enough trucks and tires to keep their operations running, and to bring on new operations, and they've worked a lot on 
improving the efficiency of tires and road maintenance and those kinds of things, so they are getting an extended life 
out of their tire fleet, and they are looking at different ways to retread and extend the life even further. 

So at this point we've not seen any indication of the delayed shovel orders because of other bottlenecks in the surface 
mine equipment market. 

<Q - Alex Blanton>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Charlie Brady. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi Charlie. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Charlie Brady, BMO Capital Markets. Your commentary on the U.S. coal markets, I guess I'd 
say your level of enthusiasm for those in your verbal and written comments it seems a lot more upbeat than we had in 
the last quarter and prior quarter before that. And I understand we've got that typical lag in the build rates for getting 
out an order, but I'm just curious as to, if you can really try and quantify that, particularly in the aftermarket side that if 
in fact we see a pick up in spot pricing in U.S. coal towards the end of the summer and you get these second tier players 
that watch the spot price closely coming back into the market quickly, can you really quantify for us a little bit more on 
what kind of lag time we'd see on aftermarket equipment? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, I'll give you some commentary that may help. We see our aftermarket business tie very 
strongly to coal production levels, so as coal is produced, as production increases, we'll see an increase in our 
aftermarket order rates. Right now we've always maintained recently good line item fill rates in aftermarket parts, and 


with the increase in inventory that Jim talked about in his comments, we have probably quite a bit of excess parts 
capacity right now in our field distribution system. So we will be able to make a relatively quick response to the 
aftermarket parts in the early part of the ramp-up phase as machines go back to work, we'll start demanding parts, and 
we'll begin to see the early impact of that. It is also typical that during the periods of low production levels, we see a lot 
of cannibalization. So our customers will rob parts off of part machines before they'll go buy new parts. It is just 
characteristic of the way that our customers manage cash flow during the lean times. 

So when the production comes back on line, we are very likely to see another source of parts demand coming from the 
reinstallation of parts on those cannibalized machines as they get prepared to return back to production. So there is a 
couple of factors that are working I think that'll help our parts demand as production comes back on-line. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: All right, thanks. And if you look at the Indian market, it seems as though there are some more 
signs of life there, particularly on the underground side of the business in India. Can you comment a little bit more 
color on what you guys are seeing specifically on the Indian market? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, I think you know that I've always been relatively cautious, some people might say 
cynical about the Indian market. I think we had tremendous economic growth in India, basically on the back of their 
service economy. You've got coal deposits in India that are very attractive, but you've got a very bureaucratic 
government that seems to slow everything down. So the one difference we see this time is that the demand for 
continued economic growth is coming from a highly educated part of the population, software engineers, software 
programmers, and not the farmers. I think you will see a lot more pressure on the Indian government to do something 
positive to help the production of coal in India to support the growth in the country. That's not been the case in the past, 
and it's not the case yet. 

So we see customers talking about long-term development projects. We hear Coal India talking about buying large 
number of new sets of equipment over the next 10 years, but we really have not seen anything in actual transaction 
level activity that would suggest that anything has changed in India at this point. I would point out though that the 
prospects in India for both surface and underground, they have got a large surface deposits and their surface deposit 
ratio is about 60%, so fairly similar to the U.S., 60% of total deposits are in surface mineable areas. So it is an attractive 
market for both surface and underground portions of our business. But we are there, we have equipment running. The 
production records on the equipment that we have running in India are doing very well. We have continuous miners in 
India that are out-performing their own generation longwall systems. 

So we are very confident that when the market returns we will see a lot of interest in our equipment as part of their 
expansion programs. But we are also very cautious about when that might be, and with India everything takes a little 
longer. So we are hopeful, but we are not willing to predict anything at this point. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: We are also seeing the strong benefit in the export market in South Africa and in 
Australia, servicing both the Indian market as well as others. So we are seeing indirect benefit from India, also. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: All right. Thanks. Just one final question. On your inventory level that you talk about, just 
trying to get a little bit more focus on that, trying to reduce that. Can you put that in context of your comments a few 
moments ago regarding the parts business and having those parts available when the market in U.S. coal does up-turn? 
Where is your kind of target level for getting inventories to? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Well, we have got a short-term objective to get our inventory turns up to roughly 3 from 
the low, just above 2 that we are now, and that is the near-term objective. And we think that is eminently doable. There 
is some – as the U.S. economy, as the U.S. market slowed down a little bit, we probably didn't slow down fast enough. 
At the same time, we have some capacity constraints at P&H, and very traditionally when you have capacity constraints 
or bottlenecks, inventory starts piling up behind some of those bottlenecks. And I think those are some of the things 
that we have seen. So there is some changes in order – ordering habits, some changes in safety stock, as we have gotten 
into some of the details that we think that our operational improvements that will get us the short-term impact that we 
are looking for in the second-half. And then we will continue to improve it from that point forward. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Thanks very much. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hey, Charlie, we have also worked very hard on reducing our cycle times in our factories, 
and as a result of those cycle time improvements, we don't need as much – as many parts in inventory to provide 
service levels to our customer today as we might have two or three years ago. So cycle times continue to reduce the 
need for high levels of inventory in the field as well. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Thanks. It is very helpful. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research. Mr. Koznarek, your line is open. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hey, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Mark Koznarek. Good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi, Mark. How are you doing? 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Good. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: That was the best yet, I think. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Yes. I have had some doozies as you can imagine. A couple of questions here. There was a 
comment by Jim about some initiatives, some actions that you expect to take in the third quarter that will have some 
costs associated with it and can you give us an order of magnitude what we should be expecting here to pencil into our 
third quarter numbers? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: There is – in Q3, as Mike indicated, we're adjusting some production head count levels 
within the Joy Mining group. And it would be roughly $2.5 million charge net of the benefit in the second quarter – 
excuse me, in the third quarter, with roughly 2.2 million benefit in the fourth quarter for a net for the year of roughly 
300,000 to 400,000 for the full year. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. Great, that helps. And then the margin at the surface mining business was a little bit 
surprising given the very modest increase compared to the 20% roughly revenue increase, and I'm wondering if there is 
some start-up related expenses associated with the expansion under way in Milwaukee and if so is there a timetable to 
get those expenses addressed? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: No, and it really wasn't expense issue as I mentioned in my remarks, it was more of a 
product mix issue quarter-to-quarter. We had some much higher margin products last year going through the second 
quarter than this year where we had a couple of shovels that didn't carry various customers for various reasons, didn't 
carry the same level of margin as what we had last year. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Mark, we had – I think in the second quarter we had a couple of shovels where we did have 
some cost overruns on the erection site and this had to do with some delays and we kept people on site to keep those 
projects on schedule and we incurred some additional costs. But those were related to some specific issues at those sites 
and so we did have some higher costs as a result of that. We also delivered some, a couple of drills that were not on a 
percentage-of-completion basis so those drills were revenue in the second quarter and the drill margins are just not up 
to the level of our shovel margins. So we had some mix issues and we did have some site specific costs overruns on a 
couple of erections in the surface business. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: And, Mike, are there any more of these low-margin projects on a percentage-of-completion 
basis still in backlog or did we spit them all out in this current quarter? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, these were not on percentage-of-completion, so we took the full revenue when we 
shipped. Normally they would be on percentage-of-completion so those would get spread out. So our drill production is 


pretty consistent year-over-year. This happened that we had a couple that went through on a full revenue-on-shipment 
basis and therefore we have a lumpy impact in the second quarter. It would have otherwise been spread to 
percentage-of-completion. So the rest we have in backlog now are on percentage-of-completion. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Yeah I was referring to, Mike, those shovels you mentioned a little bit earlier. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: It was site erection costs. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay and so therefore those things are behind us at this point? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: And then final question back to the underground side of the business, could you give us a 
little bit more insight or color into some of the dynamics of the marketplace right now in China. Obviously the – your 
bookings were real strong internationally I imagine China has a lot to do with that, and with the closure of these 
township mines, can you address perhaps your number of customers that are ordering today versus prior periods? Or 
some way to dimension how the market is evolving there? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, we – I think we have had a slide for this that shows over the past four years we have 
seen the number of customers importing high productivity mine equipment going from four customers in 2003 up to 16 
or 17 last year. So we are seeing the number of those customers continue to expand. There is an all-out effort to 
increase production in China, obviously to keep up with the demand and as a result no one is really taking the time to 
address the issue of township mines. For a company like Shenhua they can put in a new longwall mine at Daliuta that 
will produce 10 million tons a year and that is quicker, faster and much more reliable increase in production for them 
than trying to redesign and convert a series of small township mines into a modern mine complex. So that is still going 
to come, though reserves are very valuable and they will still get developed, but in the real push right now for more 
volume and more volume in China, it is just something that they haven't had time to pay very much attention to. We 
have seen a couple of examples where that is underway, but by and large the major customers are saying they can get 
more volume and more production additions by continuing to expand in their prime areas. And that is what we are 
seeing right now, particularly in Northern Shaanxi Province and in Southern Inner Mongolia. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Do you have more customers now in '07 than the 16 or 17 that you mentioned last year? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: No. It is fairly stabilized at that level. We are not seeing any new guys come to the plate at 
this point. Now out of that 16 or 17 we had a couple of those that had some private equity funding, and when I say 
private equity, it is like Shanghai, Hong Kong, Chinese funding, so it is changing the dynamics a little bit. We saw one 
of our customers who is a privately owned construction company that has now entered the mining business, so we are 
seeing some different dynamics, but we are not seeing any changes right now in our customer base. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you, Mark. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Joel Tiss with Robert W. Baird (sic) [Lehman Brothers]. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hey, Joel, did you move? 

Operator 

I am sorry, with Lehman Brothers. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. 


<Q - Joel Tiss>: Yeah, that's all right. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I was going to congratulate you on the big promotion and pay raise. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Yeah, exactly. I could use that. I wonder if you guys can just talk a little bit about you have been 
talking on and off in the past about an internal focus in improving your operating efficiencies and things like that and 
de-bottlenecking. Can you just spend a little bit more time and give us more of an update there please? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, one of the things we said early on was that we are not going to build roofline in our 
more traditional high-cost markets and we have continued to work on productivity improvements. You can probably 
see that most clearly in the capacity expansion we just put into Milwaukee, where we are operating right now a number 
of – a large number of flexible machining centers, with only a handful of operators. So those are running on relatively 
automated routines. We have got high productivity off those machines and we have about four or five operators 
running a factory that before would have had five to ten times that many operators and support help in the factory. So it 
is quite impressive when you go through to see the benefits we have gotten out of that. We have seen a number of 
programs in the Joy underground business with similar results, but at the end of the day those results are still at the very 
early level of impact on the business. 

We have seen some fairly dramatic results in selected areas. You add that up and it still is less than 10% of the business 
that's been able to benefit from that. We still have a lot of ground to cover and that in fact is one of the areas where I 
believe we can continue to get good margin improvement without impacting the competitive pricing of our products in 
the field. So, we've done a lot of things to benefit us. We've seen some very good results but still the majority of our 
business really has not been retooled and the processes have not been redesigned yet. We're still working on that. As 
we look forward, right now, we don't believe that those internal process improvement efforts are going to be enough to 
keep our capacity growth in line with the demand of the marketplace, and that's why we're continuing to fund capacity 
expansion in China. We're now looking at the next phase. We're also looking at some other options to increase capacity 
more rapidly – fiscal capacity more rapidly. So what we've done in the past has been good. We want to continue that 
but we also want to supplement that with physical capacity investments to expand and bring new capacity on-line more 
rapidly. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. And I'll just glue my last two questions together. Can you talk a little bit about what's 
happening on the cost side? We've been hearing a lot about plate steel going up. And can you just remind us what's left 
on your operating loss carry-forward? How much do you have left on that? Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. On the cost side, we are seeing quite a bit of cost pressure, particularly from the steel 
companies. We look at our cost profile year-over-year where we see our cost increases. Within our own factories, both 
labor and overhead, those costs are at the low end of that range. At the top end of the range is our material cost and at 
the top end the material cost is steel. So if you take that full range, it's all in the single digits at this point but certainly 
the steel costs are, they're trying to push it to the high end of the single digit range. And we're doing everything we can 
to try to mitigate that. But we have a number of our high alloy steel plates that we get from a single source here in the 

U.S. And so those negotiations go wrong, we're trying to contain the cost but there's a lot of pressure there to do, cost 
increases. We still believe that we are going to be able to get positive price realization in the out-cycle. That's one of 
our fundamental philosophies. And so we continue to try to manage those cost but at the same time, we're not going to 
let those cost increases erode our margins. 
We're getting some pressure in the underground business in some areas and we're trying to work past those. In the 
surface business where we have strong order bookings and a strong backlog, we feel that we should be able to price the 
equipment so that we don't get any price erosion from those cost increases. The steel consolidation, it gives them a lot 
more strength today than they had a few years ago and they're exercising that; and we're doing the best we can to try to 
mitigate that. That's an ongoing effort. I don't think that that's changed a lot over the last year. Certainly, the range of 
increases this year are not astronomical like they were a few years ago but still they're at the high end of all our material 
cost increases. And with that, on the NOLs, I think... 


<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Joel on then NOLs we've got 450 million of NOLs that we're continuing to carry. And 
we expect that that will be fully utilized by the end of our fiscal '08. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. Thanks, Joel. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Yes, I got a little worried there for a minute. Morning guys. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: A new car parked in your parking place Rob? 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I didn't think I saw anything new. Through six months you have absorbed – the business has 
absorbed about 106 million of working capital. You have talked about inventory becoming a source of cash in the 
second-half of the year. Can you broaden this discussion to working capital in total? Are we expecting working capital 
to contribute positively to cash flow during the balance of the year? Do we have a target for what the use or source will 
be the full year? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Well, Rob as I mentioned earlier, yes, we have some specific plans for working capital 
predominantly centered around inventory for the second-half of the year. We would expect true payables and 
receivables to perform as they have been, no significant change there other than the level of business. So it is really 
inventory-related and from a cash flow standpoint, we expect for the full year to still be running in our target range we 
have talked about previously of 10% or so of sales for cash for operations. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. I will do a little math and see if I can figure that out. The 2.2 million benefit that you 
expect in the fourth quarter from third quarter actions on cost. Is that then a number that we can annualize? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Yes. You can annualize that number. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. The – in the surface side of the business where you have – piping, you know, has 
gotten some attention already, where you guys have been working to expand capacity without roofline, I was surprised 
not to see really any increase on the OE side of the business in the quarter. And I am talking compared with the prior 
quarter, past couple of quarters really. Is the disconnect for me that the – to the extent that you are adding small 
increments of capacity at P&H, that most of that incremental capacity to date has been going to serve aftermarket 
requirements? Or is there something more fundamental that we don't understand about how that new capacity is going 
to come on? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I think that there is something more fundamental, but it is pretty easy to understand. We 
have just have had some teething problems in bringing the new capacity online and as a result of that we have fallen 
behind schedule on some of the parts going into machine assembly. So at the – during the second quarter our lead time 
on product through that rotating factory going through machine builds, extended and that caused us to recalculate on a 
percentage of completion basis the status of those machines. It impacted the OE revenue as a result of that. 

We feel really pretty good now having gone out into the first month of our third quarter and seeing the productivity 
improvements in the factory, so a lot of the teething problems were related to bringing those machines online and 
coordinating the production level across all the new machines we added. It seems like we have gotten that problem 
under control and the issues in hand and we ought to see improvements in that production in the second – I mean it's 
going to be in the third quarter. And we will see the catch-up of the OE shortfall to our internal plans that we had in the 
second quarter, we will see that caught up in the third quarter. So you should see some noticeable benefit here in the 
third quarter. 


The end of what I am saying is start-up teething problems created some delays in our factory that put us behind on 
some machines, caused us to reduce our revenues in the second quarter. We feel pretty confident we will catch that up 
in the third quarter, and you'll see those revenues pick up in the third quarter to be quite a favorable comparison. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And Rob, just like fill out what Mike said, P&H did have a record aftermarket quarter, 
or excuse me, month in the month of April, the third month of our quarter as that production ramped up. And that, these 
ramp up issues are behind the trains, behind – I think we'll expect to see that continued level going forward. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, very good and if I could there's one housekeeping item, Jim could you tell us what 
Stamler added to the top line in the quarter? 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Hold on just a second Rob. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: For comparability purposes? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, while we're looking for that number... 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I have a companion with that, if I can. Was there – you gave us a $2.6 million purchase 
counting drag from Stamler in the quarter, would they – I assume there was a positive income operating income 
contribution despite that drag? 


<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Yes, and the sales number was $30 million for the quarter. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, thank you. 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And we do expect that that acquisition amortization will be gone by the end of this 


fiscal year. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: A little more in the third, in other words? 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Right, $1.1 million in Q3 and that'll be it. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, very good. All right thank you. 
<A>: Yes Rob, if I could just indicate that 1.13 would actually continue for the next several quarters. 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Oh, okay thanks for the correction. 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: So Rob the Stamler business, a couple points I think on Stamler; one is that their operating 


margins are very consistent with the operating margins that we report for both Joy and P&H; and secondly they were 
more heavily skewed to the U.S. business that our Joy underground was and they had about 70% exposure to the U.S. 
business, so they've seen – of all our business segments they've seen the greatest single impact of the slowdown in US 
coal production. So, then they're looking – the surface guys are seeing a lot of opportunities to expand their product 
offering in larger surface application, higher volume crushers, things like that. So we're going through that transition 
process with Stamler to broaden their product base, which will help them in the near term and the long term. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And a lot of those opportunities are international too, outside the U.S., which will 
continue to help. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Seth Weber with Banc of America. 
<Q - Seth Weber>: Thanks. Good morning guys. 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi Seth. 



<Q - Seth Weber>: The Australian longwall that you guys picked up in the quarter, was that the big delta in the 
underground bookings from the first quarter to the second quarter, and so should we be thinking about, a bookings rate 
as an average of the two quarters? Or are there some other orders out there that you, that still slipped from the first 
quarter that remain out there that we should be thinking about, could be yet on the come? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, you know Seth, as – our order bookings are always very lumpy and in fact, one of the 
things we talked about at the end of the first quarter was some orders that didn't make it in the quarter, but fell over into 
the second quarter, and the Australian longwall was one of those. But we also have a lot of other international projects 
that we're looking at that are on our prospect list and so if you look at our prospect list for Australia, for China, for 
South Africa – all those things are very positive. 

So yes, I think if you did an average of the first two quarters it might be a little bit misleading. We've got prospects 
coming out of Russia right now. Russia is an increasingly strong market for us here, particularly on our – both on 
surface and in our underground business. So we're seeing a lot of resurgence in the Russian market. And I mentioned 
that we were selected by one of our U.S. customers for a replacement set of roof supports going into the US market. 
That order was not booked in the second quarter and we're still negotiating with the customer on that but we should see 
that in the booking sometime soon. 

So there's a lot of projects that are floating around out there and our customers are starting to get more – international 
customers are really aggressive in trying to advance their start-up of new capacity. The U.S. customers are getting more 
positive about making investments now to have them, the greatest possible impact as the market recovers. So I think if 
you put both of those into the equation the market strength for our underground business looks stronger now than it did 
at the start of the year, and I think we'll see that strength reflected in an improving order rate during the course of the 
year. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay so the bias would be towards the higher number than the average of the two quarters? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: The bias would be to a higher number. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay and just a follow up question on China, somebody asked the question, would you say that the 
aftermarket infrastructure is in place in China on par with the rest of the world, or is that still being established at this 
point? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Their aftermarket is going through a massive build up and normally you'll get areas of 
dislocation and we certainly see that in China. There's inadequate rail capacity in many places and you're actually 
getting coal rail from the mine site to the power generating plant is a challenge for many of our customers. We still see 
a lot of customers that are using trucks to haul the coal on the road to bypass the bottlenecks in the rail capacity. One of 
things that Shenhua has done early on was to take control of their own rail system. So they built their own rail line and 
they run their own rail system. And so they tend to have less of an impact than the other customers. But certainly the 
other customers are heavily impacted by infrastructure constraints in China. And we see that not necessarily getting 
worse but not getting better either. I mean it's been a consistent, persistent problem in China for the last several years 
and as they try to ramp up and get more productive on line it's becoming a more challenging issue. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: I think specifically referring to the aftermarket infrastructure though too, Mike. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: That's right, Jim. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes we – were you only after aftermarket infrastructure Seth? 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Right. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes we see the benefit of that. We built that service center in Baotou and we just recently 
expanded that to allow it to serve some of our surface customers in the region as well. And that really has been a very 
positive investment. We're seeing our customers look more to us to do some of their machine rebuilds than before and 
they're seeing a very good result of those machine rebuilds, very convenient for us to supplement their own workshops 
that they have at mine-side. And so that ramp-up in aftermarket infrastructure is moving quite nicely. We're seeing a 


good year-over-year growth in the number of machines we rebuild at that facility. 


<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: However, having said that your question was is it the same as it is in the rest of the 
world. 
<Q - Seth Weber>: Right so it's probably not the 60:40 split that you guys have globally right? 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Not yet, no. 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well probably compared to the rest of the world our aftermarket ratio in China is probably 


closer to half of what it would be in the rest of the world. 
<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay great thanks very much guys. 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: All right. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of [inaudible] Bennett with Capital One South. 

<Q>: Good morning. I was cut off earlier – I apologize if this has already been asked but a quick question for you 
regarding your booked taxes as a percentage of net income. I noticed a downward trend over the past 3 quarters and I 
was just wondering how to look at this going forward. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Well in terms of the last 3 quarters, we had – hold on a second – it really is heavily 
dependent and as we look around the world at our different legal entities on the mix of our earnings and as the earnings 
become more from offshore than the U.S. obviously that's going to impact it tremendously. As I mentioned earlier, we 
do have some tax, NOLs that are on a carry-forward basis that we're working off also. But from a near term standpoint, 
we think it's going to be in the low thirties for the next several quarters going forward. 

<Q>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line with David Bleustein with UBS. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: Good morning. 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hey David, good morning. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: Couple of quick clean-ups. The 450 million mentioned of NOLs, is that the actual NOL or is 


that dollar value of the NOL? 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Gross. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: Gross, that means you can offset 450 million of income or you... 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes that what it means. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay. To the acquisition pipeline, how does that look? And how are you seeing prices out 


there? 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Acquisition prices? 
<Q - David Bleustein>: Acquisition pipeline and prices. 



<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, we continue to look at acquisition, we go back to our Stamler acquisition and we 
realized today that that business brought to us many more synergies than we had calculated when we did the original 
justification. Some of those synergies are being realized by operating efficiencies as we run that business within our 
systems and our processes, but some of it's really being realized by expanding their product offering. So on the P&H 
surface, field sales and service portion particular we're seeing just a tremendous access to customers and application 
that Stamler had not been able to get to before. So we're seeing a tremendous amount of benefit from that acquisition 
and we're convinced – I'm convinced that we can see those kind of benefits from other strategically well-positioned 
acquisitions as well so we're constantly on the lookout there. 

We're refining our process, we're refining our target list, we are in discussions with some prospective sellers about the 
potential of buying their businesses and those discussions are going forward. There's always some valuation 
differences. We work in a world where we want to get good value for our investment and the seller wants to get the 
maximum price. We think though that with the Stamler example, we can manage acquisitions at reasonable prices in 
the marketplace and on a net back basis still get very, very attractive economics out of an acquisition. So what we've 
seen out of Stamler is that it generates more synergies than we realized before. I think as we look at some of the other 
acquisitions we have in our list we'll be able to anticipate more synergies and that will allow us to give a little more 
flexibility in the pricing side of that. But certainly if we go up against private equity guys, it's going to be very, very 
difficult for us to match the kind of price levels that they often bring to the table. So we have to look at things where we 
are the most logical buyer where the seller's interested in a strategic buyer or for other reasons other than sheer 
economics. 

But we are very hopeful and we think that we can add a lot of value to this business by bolting on some product lines 
and doing some field service extensions. So I think you'll see as we go forward, I think you'll see us announce a number 
of those that are not going to be monumental third-lake kind of acquisitions, but I think you'll see a series of 
acquisitions of a – smaller in nature but add quite a bit of synergy and quite a bit of value to the business. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Congratulations on Stamler. Let me come back to the orders for one second. Just trying to get 
a sense for the lumpiness. And the way I'm going to ask the question is, how many customers placed orders for over 
$10 million? I'm just trying to get a sense for is it 5 or 6 customers placing orders for 50 million? Is it 18 customers 
placing with an average order size of 20? I'm just trying to get a sense for the composition of the OE side of the 
business. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, I think that if you want to look at it from that standpoint, it would be probably in the – 
without really going down a specific list here, the number's going to be in the high single digits. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay. That answers the question. Perfect. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you, David. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Zach Steinbart with Roberto and Company, Robotti & Company, I'm sorry. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi, Zach. 

<Q>: Hi. Hello. So we have two questions. One, would you mind telling us how much is the CapEx? I know that you 
guys express it as a percentage of sales, which I'm not quite sure I understand. But how much of that is from the U.S.? 
And how much is planned internationally? And then in addition, how much is maintenance and how much is for 
growth? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: About 50/50 is the breakdown of geographic versus North America. And there's 
probably about 1% of it – we said 3 to 4% – 1% of about 25% to one third of our CapEx being maintenance, and the 
rest of it being predominantly growth. And we've already talked about the new factory that we're building in Tianjin for 
P&H. Mike's mentioned we're expanding – or have expanded our service infrastructure within China. We'll continue to 


do that. We've just authorized a new facility to clone and consolidate the multiple facilities in Australia. So as we get 
around the world and where we're capacity constrained, where we're high growth, that's where a lot of the capacity 
additions will go. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Zach... 

<Q>: I'm sorry. Were you going to say something else? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, I, Zach, I was just going to say that we have a strategy of doing all of our cost increases 
in low cost markets – obviously all of our capacity cost increases are in low cost markets. So the CapEx we're spending 
in the U.S. is maintenance capital, and it's also selective replacement of machine tools to get newer higher productivity 
machine tools in existing factories. But we're not doing any large-scale expansion in any of our U.S. facilities at this 
point. 

<Q>: Also, would you mind mentioning the capacity constraints in the surface mining. I'm curious if that's more – I 
know you guys talk about making sure you have the servicing ability before you want to manufacture, and that's the 
most important asset of the company. And I'm just curious, where are those constraints? Are they more on the surface 
side or on the manufacturing side? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, right now the constraints we have is on the surface side of our business. That's where 
we're seeing the strongest order growth and the largest backlogs. In the surface side of our P&H business, our main 
bottleneck is our own factories. And if you get down a little even a little bit further, if you look at our last 2 capacity 
investments, the one that we just completed here in Milwaukee, but the one that we are starting in China, they're all 
around gearing and shafting and essential mechanical components to build transmissions and other of the key 
mechanical parts of the mining shovels. 

So that is and continues to be a bottleneck for us. It's also an area that's got relatively high demand in the aftermarket 
because that's high wear components on those mining shovels. What you've seen is us trying to balance the aftermarket 
support with more capacity for original equipment, and we always will favor aftermarket support. 

It's part of our life-cycle management strategy that when somebody buys a machine from us they ought to be able to 
rely on us for the life of the machine for not only for parts but other kinds of support activities as well. So the increase 
that we saw in parts shipments in the second quarter out of P&H was largely due to trying to catch up with some of the 
aftermarket deliveries and cut some of the lead times in the aftermarket. We would like to get some of that capacity 
converted for additional build slots, but not to the extent that it under-services our aftermarket for our customers. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: In addition, Zach, we also mentioned I think Mike has mentioned previously that the 
new plant in Tianjin, which is also geared toward gears and shafts like you mentioned. That's what's being invested 
there. That plant will be totally dedicated to the aftermarket initially, for its initial production before we start using that 
production for additional shovels. 

<Q>: One other quick question, do you break out...? Hello? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, we're here. 

<Q>: Oh, okay, do you break out the life-cycle management as a percentage of the aftermarket? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: No, in our aftermarket we include parts, service, machinery builds, a variety of things that 
all together form our life cycle management programs. We don't do any specific detail break down. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Externally. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. Andrea, looks like we're over an hour here, so maybe we have time for a couple 
more calls and then should probably call an end to it. 


Operator 

Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions] You have a follow up question from the line of Mr. Mark Koznarek [Cleveland 
Research Co.]. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Hi. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Mike, you mentioned that you're at your operating margin target being north of 19% here 
all-in for the company. Are you in a position where you're going to adjust upward that target? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We're going through those discussions. I feel really confident. If you look in the past we've 
gotten a lot of that margin improvement by filling up our factories and benefiting from better overhead absorption by 
strong pricing in the early stages of the up-side of the cycle. And also we have benefited from very good SG&A 
leverage as we've maintained fairly level SG&A cost against the increasing revenues. As we go forward we're going to 
have to look for different places to get the benefit on the margin line and one of those is productivity improvements 
within our own factory and continue to work on those to bring down our costs. Another one of those is going to be the 
investment of new capacity and low cost market. So as we bring on capacity in China we will be able to operate those 
plants at much lower costs than we would for comparable capacity based here in the U.S. All those things will allow us 
to continue to improve margins without impacting our competitive price position in the market place. I feel pretty 
confident that we could continue to do that. We'll set new margin targets but we'll probably – we'll do that at an analyst 
day that we're trying to organize and schedule for it in the fall of this year. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Great, that's helpful, thanks. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks Mark. One more question, Andrea? 

Operator 

Yes sir, your next question comes from the line of Mr. Barry Bannister from Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: That's it, I'm changing to Midwest Research. Barry Bannister of Stifel Nicolaus. Question, 
one of the competitors to the underground business DVT recently changed hands. On a competitive basis when you 
think about them on a global scale, they historically have been very strong on original equipment and a little weak on 
the service side. Do you think that they would pose a bit of competitive threat by going after their own service and is 
that something where you have in the past been able to provide coverage on their own equipment. And then I have a 
follow up to that. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, Barry, we actually do not work on anybody's underground equipment except our own. 
On the P&H side we do work on other equipment but on the underground side we don't. As part of our strategy, the life 
of the underground equipment is around eight years. The life of a surface mine shovel may be 25 years. So because of 
that life of the underground machines we don't want to give our competitors a benefit of our aftermarket infrastructure. 
So we've had a strategy of only working on our own machines. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: I understand. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: And so if they go after more of their own aftermarket it will impact the local machine shops 
that are out there, it won't impact us. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: The rack jobbers in the local field offices, okay. And then as regarding their historical 
tendency on pricing, I seem to remember some time ago that I'd heard that they used roof supports as loss leaders and 
sometimes muscled into mines with that equipment. Would you characterize them as pragmatic on pricing or 
historically a bit of a striver for market share, more market share and sales driven than perhaps margin driven, in terms 
of just your street level dealings with them and I know there is only a limit as to what you can say. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well yes, you know I will. We really aren't in a position to comment, making qualitative 
comments about the competitor. But I will say that historically the majority of the business that we have lost has been 
lost on the basis of price. We do separate, and look at all the won-lost analysis, the number one thing that will come up 
and the thing that will come up in the majority of the cases will be the price differential. So, as we go forward and with 
an expectation that they will be more disciplined in pricing, it is my feeling that the pricing discipline will in some way 
begin to affect pricing differentials between our two businesses. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: So if the new managers are more cost control driven than sales driven, the latter being trying 
to divide your cost over more units and being sales driven. The former being more cost control driven. If the former is 
true and they are cost control driven on balance you'd see that as a positive for your business? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, absolutely. If their objective is to improve margins they are going to have to improve 
margins with pricing as one of the key elements of that effort to improve margins. So if they improve margins with 
pricing the differential between the price of us versus our competitor gets much more narrow and that works to our 
advantage, absolutely right. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And if they are good cost managers that's just better. Okay well that's great news. Thanks a 
lot. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thanks Barry. I think with that we have – I'm sorry that's the end of our time. I would like to thank everyone for joining 
us on the call today. I would like to thank everyone for their interest in Joy Global and their support of Joy Global, so 
again, thank you very, very much and look forward to talking again on our third quarter earnings call. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's Joy Global Incorporated Second Quarter 2007 Earnings 
Conference Call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


