Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• James H. Woodward, Jr., Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
• Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 
Other Participants 

• Mark Koznarek 
• Charles Brady 
• Robert McCarthy 
• Seth Weber 
• Barry Haimes 
• Michael Gallo 
• Jerry Revich 
• Lee Rosenbaum 
• Mark Readinger 
• Barry Bannister 
• John Olson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Tushanka, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the Joy Global, Inc. Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]. Thank you. 

Mr. Woodward, Chief Financial Officer, you may begin. 

James H. Woodward, Jr., Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in today's call. I will begin our 
discussion with a review of our third quarter results. Then Mike Sutherlin, our President and CEO, will have some 
comments on our global markets and the outlook, and then we will take your questions. By the way, when we do get to 
the question period today, we would appreciate it if you would ask one question and one follow-up, and then get back 
in the queue for the next question, so that we can answer as many as possible. 

In our comments, forward-looking statements should be considered along with the risk factors noted in our press 
release, and of course our 10-K. We also refer you to our website, joyglobal.com, for additional information. 

Also just as a reminder, we will be hosting an Analyst Day in New York City on September 20th just a few weeks 
away, where we will be discussing some of the significant aspects of our 5-year strategic plan. In addition, to Mike and 
myself and another key members of our senior management team; Ted Doheny, President of Joy Mining Machinery; 
and Mark Readinger, President of P&H will be discussing their respective business segments. We look forward to 
seeing many of you there, and the presentation and Q&A will be webcast. 


So now let's get started with our review of the third quarter operating results. Candidly, although there are some 
positives, third quarter results in both our underground and surface segments were below our expectations. 

Let's begin with our underground segment at Joy Mining Machinery. As we mentioned in our July 25th press release, 
and you have also heard from many of our public customers, contrary to our expectations at the end of the second 
quarter US underground coal market continued to be soft. If you recall, although we did not expect to see any increases 
in OE orders until calendar '08, we had predicted that our aftermarket would benefit from marginal increases in 
production. 

This prediction was based on several factors, including a 4% year-over-year increase in electricity demand at that time, 
coal stockpiles that had started to decline slightly, and prices that appeared to be firming especially in the Central App. 
However, what we actually experienced was a slowing in the year-over-year growth in electricity demand due to mild 
weather, an increased use of natural gas for generation, and rather than continued decline in coal inventories and firmer 
prices, increasing stockpiles and slightly weaker prices. These factors resulted in a continuing decline in production as 
our customers promptly and candidly properly continued to trim their production schedules and focus on reducing their 
cash costs, but it did result in lower than planned aftermarket sales in our underground segment. 

Unfortunately usually when it rains, it pours, sometimes literally. In addition to a weaker US market, flooding in the 
United Kingdom and a national labor work stoppage in South Africa also unfavorably impacted our Joy Mining 
Machinery underground shipments in the short run by putting us behind schedule. All of these factors resulted in a 
decline of 1% in underground sales for the quarter, and 9% if adjusted addition of Stamler in late '06. 

Operating margins in the underground segment declined by 300 basis points, 18.3% of sales versus 21.3% in the prior 
year quarter. The decline reflects in part an increase in period costs due to the loss of fixed overhead absorption 
resulting from the operational issues, I have mentioned. 

We are moving to reduce costs in the United States and in the United Kingdom underground businesses to conform to 
the weaker US market and the movement of our production to our new factory in China. These and other cost reduction 
efforts resulted in a charge of 3.3 million during the quarter for related severance costs. Also comparing with the 
previous year, there were 2.6 million of additional costs in the current quarter associated with the Stamler acquisition. 
Finally, we continue to invest in the required sales and service infrastructure to support expected future sales in China. 
Incurring these costs in advance of the sales has the effect of reducing current margins, but is a necessary component 
for our success in this very strategic market in the future. 

The issues faced in our surface segment were slightly different. Sales at P&H were up over the prior year quarter by 
over 11%, but as I stated they were still below our internal expectations. Although we have invested increased capacity 
for electric mining shovels and aftermarket components over the last couple of years, the increase has not grown fast 
enough to satisfy demand. This has placed a lot of pressure on our own operations and the supply chain. 

As you can appreciate, when you are operating at capacity and you have any hiccups in the process, it becomes very 
difficult to recover. You just do not have any idle machines or people to deploy to help you get back on schedule 
quickly. An hour lost on a bottleneck operation is generally an hour lost forever. Unfortunately, as we mentioned in the 
July 25th release, we had a couple of those hiccups in the P&H supply base during the third quarter. One was a 
long-term casting supplier of P&H, and the other was a new fabrication supplier in China. The root causes of the 
problems at both suppliers have been corrected, and we do expect them to be back on schedule by the end of the 
calendar year. However, it did result in a reduction in sales due to the decreased shipments. 

In addition, revenue for our long lead time electric mining shovels is recognized on a percentage of completion method, 
if a shovel does not meet certain manufacturing benchmarks revenue is not recognized. Thus a delay in the schedule, 
even if the machine ultimately meets all contractual dates will cause a shift in the quarters where revenue recognition 
occurs. 

To address capacity constraints at P&H, our continuing strategy is to invest in key components that have high 
intellectual property content, and to outsource non-proprietary components such as large fabrications. In the former 


category, we completed an investment of approximately 20 million in Milwaukee this year, and announced an 
investment of 50 million in a second plant in Tianjin, China on the current Joy campus, which will be dedicated to the – 
to P&H proprietary components. 

We expect to break ground on this new facility this fall, and begin production in the spring of 2008 with full production 
targeted for 2009. The new fabrication supplier in China that I mentioned is another example of this effort. It is 
important to note that we are expanding capacity in shovel components in this region, not just because of lower cost, 
but also because this is the region where these products are ultimately destined. In addition to these moves, the P&H 
team continues to focus on improving operational efficiencies and manufacturing cycle time. 

Despite the operational issues experienced at P&H during the quarter, their operating margins in this segment increased 
by 240 basis points to 19.5% from 17.1% in the prior year quarter. Although sales were less than our production plans, 
the higher levels of activity year-over-year did result in increased absorption of fixed overhead. In addition, sales 
growth exceeded the growth in SG&A expense resulting in lower percent of sales compared to the prior period. 

So now let's turn to order bookings. While sales in both segments were below our expectations, P&H quarterly sales 
still increased year-over-year, while Joy Mining sales declined. In order bookings however the opposite is true. 
Bookings in the underground segment increased 18% over the prior year quarter, while the surface segment declined 
13%. Orders in the underground segment increased for both original equipment and aftermarket with OE bookings, 
bookings driven primarily by orders for powered roof support systems in the United States and Russia. 

Underground aftermarket orders were strong in China, and also reflected the addition of Stamler. The orders for long 
lead time powered roof support system from US customers reflects their continued positive outlook for this market 
despite the short-term weakness. 

Mike will speak more to this market in a moment. The overall reduction in order bookings in the surface segment 
continues to reflect the lumpiness of original equipment orders rather than any reduction in prospects. The requirements 
of recognizing an order booking include a signed agreement with all terms and conditions finalized, or a significant 
down payment along with commitment letters. While we have many orders in various stages of the booking process, it 
is not until it passes these requirements that we will officially recognize it, thus the lumpiness factor. 

Aftermarket bookings in the surface segment increased from the prior year quarter, but were offset by reduced original 
equipment bookings. Also just as a reminder, we do not record lifecycle management or maintenance and repair 
contracts as bookings upon signing. Rather we record the related booking revenue as earned over the life of the 
contract, thus they effectively do not appear in our backlog. This may differ from the method used by some of our 
competitors. 

On a more positive note, during the quarter we generated over 150 million in operating cash flow, primarily on the 
strength of advanced payments for new machines. Ending inventory levels were impacted negatively by the shortfall in 
shipments from our production plants, but we should get back to our targets as we catch the schedules up. 

As disclosed last quarter and updated in our July 25th release, we had a potential accounts receivable collectibility issue 
of 19 million associated with the powered roof support system designated for a customer in China. I am happy to report 
that the customer opened the appropriate letter of credit in August, and shipment of the roof supports have been 
scheduled and will be completed this year. We now expect to receive all monies owed under this contract. 

Capital additions during the quarter were 19.3 million or 3% of sales. This is consistent with our previous guidance of 
increased CapEx in the range of 3.5 to 4% of sales associated with capacity additions at P&H including the new China 
plant, continued building of the Joy Mining infrastructure in China, and the previously announced new facility in 
Australia which will combine six smaller existing facilities into one. 

This new Australian facility will be jointly used by P&H and Joy Mining, and will also consolidate the Donnelly 
acquisition we made in the first quarter of this year, thus completing that integration. 

Finishing up with some housekeeping items; cash tax rate in the third quarter was 18% compared to a book rate of 
29%. We anticipate that the full year book rate will be 31%, and a lower rate in Q3 reflects the required adjustments of 


year-to-date numbers to achieve that rate by year end. 

If you recall from our previous conversations, we anticipate a cash tax rate of approximately 15% until our NOLs are 
exhausted, which is expected to be in fiscal 2009. During the quarter, we repurchased 440,000 shares of our common 
stock for 22.2 million. As I have discussed with some of you, during closed window periods our market purchases are 
on a program basis under an existing 10b5-1 plan. We continue to believe that a sustained and consistent presence in 
this market is the best approach. 

Now I will turn it over to Mike for the outlook on our markets. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thank you, Jim. I would also like to add my welcome to those on this call. As Jim has explained in his review of our 
financials, we continue to respond to both opportunities and challenges in a dynamic market environment. Although 
there seems to be more challenges recently, both can best be understood in the context of the markets we serve. So I 
will first review those markets. 

With the exception of US coal, the strength in our markets has increased on the back of continued commodity demand 
from the emerging markets in general, and especially from China and India. Both of these countries continue to grow at 
rates over 10%, and they alone are adding as much as 250 to 300 basis points to worldwide economic growth rates. 
China is already the world's leading consumer of almost all metals, and its consumption will soon exceed that of the G7 
countries combined. As a result, the emerging markets are adding sector demand to an otherwise cyclical industry to 
create a stronger [inaudible] commodity growth market. 

The international coal markets have strengthened significantly over the past 6 to 8 months, primarily due to demand 
growth from China and India combined with supply constraints in many of the exporting countries, including Australia, 
South Africa, Indonesia and Russia. China's coal production growth has been impressive, but inadequate to meet the 
needs of its even higher growth in domestic coal demand. As a result, China's net coal exports have been declining by 
20 to 30 million metric tons a year, and this year, China has become a net coal importer, and the deficit could grow to 
100 million metric tons by 2010. India's government bureaucracy cannot officially produce its ample coal reserves, and 
the country's imports are expected to grow from 30 to 85 million metric tons over the next 4 years. Although less 
noticed, the UK and Germany continue to build coal-fueled electricity generating plant. 

Infrastructure constraints have severely limited Australia's and South Africa's ability to respond, and expansions are not 
expected to come online until 2009. Energy policies in both Indonesia and Russia have those countries burning more 
coal for domestic power generation to maximize export of oil and natural gas. As a result, the supply response has been 
inadequate, and the price of seaborne traded thermal coal has increased from 45 to as much as $70 a metric ton in less 
than a year. 

Supply is expected to remain in deficit in price – excuse me, the supply is expected to remain in deficit, and prices 
higher for the next several years, creating a strong market for further capacity expansion in both seaborne coal and 
domestic supply coal in China and India. The Pacific market could face a deficit of 15 million metric tons this year, and 
that could rise to 25 million metric tons in 2008. 

Copper continues its strong growth despite the very weak US housing market, which has been more than offset by 
demand growth in China of 6 to 8% this year. Supply disruptions continue to undermine production growth. Projects 
that have or will be completed during the 10 years from 2003 to 2013 will add only 3 million tons of copper production 
for a growth rate of just 2 to 3% against the demand growth forecast of 3 to 4% over the same period. As a result, the 3 
major copper producers alone have announced 26 billion in additional expansion projects with 10 billion more in 
feasibility. 

As a result, copper is expected to remain in supply deficit for several more years, adding support for current pricing 
levels. Iron ore has the strongest fundamentals of all of our commodities. Over the last 3 years, production is up 57%, 
but not sufficient to keep pace with demand. Over the same period, seaborne prices were up 125%, but are still less 


than the marginal cost of iron ore production in China, which creates an effective pricing floor. Demand growth 
remains strong especially from China. Prices are expected to go up an additional 30% over the next 2 years, and the 
major producers have announced further capacity expansion projects that will add another 30 to 70%. And Chinese 
steelmakers are investing in smaller Australian producers to create additional capacity expansion in Western Australia. 

The oil sands continues to be a primary growth market for our P&H business. Projects continue to be cost justified at 
oil prices of 35 to $45 per barrel providing strong economics for expansion projects. Further expansion is also 
supported by the federal government's decision to apply emissions targets on a unit of production basis. As a result, 5 
new oil sands projects have been approved this year, and our shovel prospect list has grown. We continue to expect the 
shovel demand in oil sands to be 6 to 8 total units per year, and for this demand to extend for at least another 10 years, 
at least US coal, our most challenging market. Despite customer discipline that has taken surplus production offline, 
demand and prices in this market continued to be soft for longer than expected. This is mainly the result of declining 
demand for electricity. 

Although electricity demand is still up from last year on a year-to-date basis, the comps on a quarterly basis have been 
declining, and the third quarter through August, the 11th is running 3% behind last year. This is even more dramatic 
when you recall that last year was only the fourth time in the last 50 years that there was no year-over-year demand 
growth in electricity. But there are positive signs in the US coal market. 

Power generators have been burning natural gas to enable them to build coal stockpiles, and generator stockpiles are 
estimated at 50 days of supply at the end of July. Part of this build is in response to higher stock target levels to hedge 
against supply and transportation disruptions, but there may also be some opportunistic stocking especially if one 
anticipates rising prices in the future. Many of our major customers have a significant portion of their 2008 production 
still unpriced, and this would suggest that they expect coal prices to improve going forward. 

This view is supported by the fact that they have announced selective contract signings at prices well above current 
spot levels. One customer announced pricing of PRB coal at levels essentially 50% above their 2006 realized prices. 
The same customer also reports Central Appalachia coal prices 35% above the beginning of the year prompt levels. 
Another customer contracted Western Bituminous Coal at prices more than 30% above its recently realized prices for 
that region. And finally, a third customer reports Northern Appalachian realized prices up 9% from the same period last 
year. All these examples are positive for the future direction of US coal. 

US market has also been helped by the strong demand in pricing in the international coal markets. This has created an 
opportunity to increase exports from Eastern thermal coal especially to Europe. Strong global demand for metallurgical 
coal could shift up to 10 million tons of Eastern coal from the thermal market back to the metal market. The positive 
longer term view of US coal is further supported by additional electricity generating capacity that will come online in 
the next few years. There is about 10 gigawatts of coal fuel generating capacity that is under construction, and another 
10 gigawatts in advanced stages of development. 

We believe these will be completed as planned, and will burn an additional 80 million tons of coal. Noteworthy in this 
regard is the recent appeals court ruling that allows Peabody to begin construction of their 1.6 gigawatt Prairie State 
Power Plant. By the end of 2009, an additional 40 gigawatts of coal fuel electricity generating capacity will be 
scrubbed creating an opportunity for up to 90 million tons of high BTU eastern coal. Although this will not increase 
total US coal demand, the shift to Eastern coal will have a favorable mix impact on our revenues. Beyond the near 
term, the outlook for coal fuel electricity in United States is less certain due to the lack of a comprehensive national 
energy policy and efforts to use the current election cycle to drive quick decisions on emission regulations. The 
combination of strong global economic growth and exceptionally high growth in the emerging countries as they 
industrialize has created an unprecedented demand for all forms of energy. 

Despite interim cycles, this long-term trend will continue. And as a consequence, it is not possible to meet global or 
national energy needs in the future without the strong participation of coal. Reality demands that we seek solutions, and 
not simply choices, and one the most important solutions will be the investment in clean coal technologies. Developing 
these clean coal technologies is not only essential to meet future energy demands, but it will provide a major fuel 
source that is reliable, secure, environmentally compliant, and at a fraction of the cost of other energy sources. 


Despite this generally positive outlook for our market we still have challenges to solve. We left a significant amount of 
revenue on a shipping dock in the third quarter, and we must address and resolve the root causes. In the P&H surface 
mining equipment business, the slippage was due primarily to supplier delays. We have a recovery plan that gets us 
back on schedule by the end of calendar 2007, and those suppliers are delivering to that get well plan. 

As Jim mentioned, one of the suppliers was a fabricator in the emerging market. This has been a slower qualification 
startup process than anticipated, due more than anything else to the distances and time zones involved. However this 
vendor is strategically important, because it will support the gearing to come from our new P&H facility in Tianjin, and 
it will move our supply chain to more cost competitive locations. This is a harder solution to implement, but it's the 
right decision for our long-term needs. As Jim also said, the slippages at our Joy underground business were more 
unusual, and involve flooding in the UK and a national labor action in South Africa. 

Both P&H and Joy slippages are examples of challenges that result from working at full capacity. Although production 
issues and their solutions are not unusual occurrences, we no longer have sufficient capacity to easily catch up the lost 
production. This makes our recently increased levels of capital expenditure all the more important. We are also using 
this time to realign our underground business to the current conditions in niche markets. Although the US coal market 
will recover the timing of that recovery is much less certain. 

Over the past several years, we have demonstrated our ability to quickly respond to increasing demand for our 
equipment. We therefore believe the right decision is for us to size our business to current activity in the US market, 
and be prepared to respond when the demand begins to improve. And as a result, we have reduced both direct and 
overhead costs in our US underground operations. We also have a long-term strategy to translate capacity from high 
cost to low cost countries. The first stage of implementing this strategy was the completion of Joy Mining facility in 
our Tianjin, China campus earlier this year. We have been loading that facility, and in the third quarter, we made a 
corresponding reduction of cost at our UK operation. 

The severance cost associated with both of these additions – both of these actions are included in the third quarter. We 
have done a good job of reducing working capital, but it's primarily due to increased efforts to get advanced payments. 
Inventory continues to be a challenge. Although inventory associated with the shipping shortages more than offset the 
reported inventory increase, we are still not satisfied with the rate of progress in improving our overall inventory 
velocity. We are intensifying our focus on inventory management because inventory is directly related to expanding 
our realizable capacity and to improving our operational efficiencies, and both are important elements of our forward 
guidance. So with that let's look at our guidance. 

Our guidance for the next four quarters reflects our strong outlook for the international markets, but is tempered by a 
more cautious view of the timing of recovery in the US coal market and the capacity limitations affecting our P&H 
business. With these in mind, we expect our revenues over the next 12 months to be in the range of 2.6 to 2.8 billion. 
Corresponding operating earnings are anticipated to be in the range of 490 to 530 million. We believe this level of 
operating earnings combined with continued repurchase of our shares will result in diluted earnings of $2.90 to $3.15 
per share in the next 12 months. 

So with that, I would like to turn the call over to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek of Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Mark. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Good morning, Mark. 


<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Jim, I am afraid, I got on the call just a little bit late and you were in your discussion about the 
underground mining margins, and I am wondering if you wouldn't mind going through that again briefly, and then I 
have some questions about that once you conclude it, but I just want to make sure you didn't touch on them already. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Certainly, Mark. The underground mining margins were down 300 basis points as we 
mentioned, and it was impacted by a couple of items. Most significant was the operational issues that we had in UK 
and South Africa in terms of the flood and the work stoppage in South Africa, which resulted in a higher unabsorbed 
fixed overhead, or higher period costs in that sense. We also had a continued investment in infrastructure, particularly 
selling and support expenses in China well ahead of the expenses – well ahead of the sales levels, but candidly, while 
that has an impact of reducing the current year margins, it is certainly necessary to do for the long-term margins. Those 
are two of the bigger items. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: And we also had that realignment cost, that was also in...? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Sorry. Yes. We did have the realignment cost of 3.3 million, and the increased – or the 
cost associated with Stamler of 2.6 million. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. So the question I have got is, if you were able to normalize out the three items that you 
mentioned there would margins have been closer to even or is there still a significant margin impact of the mix shift 
away from domestic underground, particularly the domestic underground aftermarket? And if that is the case, do we 
not really get healthy margin improvement back in the underground business until the US market recovers? So, kind of 
a multi-step question there. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: It is, and the answer is kind of mixed. Certainly on a run rate basis without those costs 
and those operational issues, our margins would have been closer to flat, but they wouldn't have been all the way there. 
The one area that from a mix standpoint, especially in the order pattern right now that we are experiencing that may 
plague us a little bit going forward, is the increased emphasis on roof supports, which I think – which do carry lower 
margin than some of our other products like shearers and continuous miners. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Mark, this is Mike Sutherlin. If you look at the underground margins, and you exclude these 
exceptional items like the severance cost and the Stamler purchase accounting, as I look at that their margins will be 
down slightly, but I think that they have done a really good job of holding margins in a soft market, and they have done 
really well to contain cost, and to make sure that they are continuing to support good margin performance. As we look 
at the US market, we get impacted by aftermarket and original equipment both. And our original equipment and 
aftermarket margins are not dramatically different, so both of those have had an impact on the underground business. 
Stamler is more heavily included in the underground business than in the P&H business. So if you take Stamler out, 
their year-over-year revenues would have declined, I think, Jim you said 9%. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: 9%. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: 9%. So we've had a slight margin erosion from that 9 – with that 9% decline, but really, if 
you take the exceptional items out, and I think last year, we probably have one or two extraordinarily gains in the 
comparable quarter. So the margin performance just from my perspective has been quite good considering the softness 
in their bookings and the scramble they have to do to quickly try to convert bookings into shipments. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. So I guess that the message that I am getting is there is obviously these unusual 
expenses in there. It sounds like some of them might linger into the current quarter, but we really shouldn't see 
year-over-year margin improvement in this business until we get some stabilization or even a little bit of growth in US 
underground, is that fair? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: That's fair. I don't think we are going to see significant margin improvement until we 
get year-over-year revenue growth in the underground business, and without some participation from the US coal 
markets, it's hard to get a significant revenue improvement. We are getting good results out of the international 
markets, but that's just generally offsetting the softness in the US market. Maybe a little bit to the positive, but not 
significantly to the positive. 


<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. Good. Thanks very much for that detail. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with the BMO Capital Market. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Hey, can you – in your comments and in your release, you talked 
about the reducing expense related to the US market and I guess also the UK. Can you just flesh that out? What exactly 
are you doing there? Have you done everything you were going to do and are there additional costs that are going to 
flow through, and how long will those flow through? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Well, there are some additional costs as we continue to realign both organizations. And 
in fact, there will be some additional costs, especially the move to china, Charlie, is a multi-stage move. So, that's going 
to involve several pieces over the next couple of years as that plan comes up to capacity. The US will depend heavily 
on what happens to the US market. As Mike indicated, we have plans in place to rationalize our US cost structure to be 
consistent with the market. If it continues to be soft, there maybe some additional moves that we're going to have to 
make. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Are you – does that mean you're reducing facilities or just a head count reduction? I mean what 
exactly – can you be more explicit on exactly what's going in terms of taking the expenses out of the US marketplace? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: So far – Charlie, this is Mike. So far we've had head count reductions, both direct labor and 
overhead, we've taken out some – we've taken the opportunity to squeeze down on some overhead costs. And we 
believe that the overhead costs we've taken out can be taken out permanently. That just force our operations to be more 
efficient. As we look forward, we believe that we need to keep our underground business sized to it's current market 
conditions and part of what we're doing is, increased our production in China and that's sucking up production that 
would otherwise have been down now in the UK and that's been part of the downsize in the UK associated with moving 
that production to China. There is more of that to go. Obviously, we want to fully load that facility in China and our 
long-term strategy is to continue to put capacity in low-cost countries. So, that is a long-term factor. In the US, we are 
looking at facility consolidation and if we need to continue to reduce cost to match it to the current market and to do as 
much as we can to hold our margins, we are prepared to do some facility consolidations to get more overhead cost out 
of the US business – US underground business as well. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Okay. And then just on the follow-up on the underground side, in the aftermarket quarter 
increase up 25%, how much of that is from Stamler? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Actually, a small portion. I don't have the number right in front of me, Charlie, I'll get back 
to you. But small portion of it was Stamler. The majority was China. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you, Charlie. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Good mornings, guys. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Can you spend a little bit of time just on the idea that we're facing a difficult US 
underground demand environment. It has been difficult for some time. So, could you speak to the idea of what you are 
seeing in terms of year-to-year changes and how that might moderate going forward? I am – basically, I'm trying to get 


at the idea of when do we anniversary the worst of the declines, when can we look for year-to-year stability, even 
without any pick-up in demand? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Rob, our third quarter underground business, I think in the US, we showed a slight – we 
were down in the US – probably it was a slight improvement overall – we were down. So, we still are seeing the impact 
of a declining aftermarket in the US as people delay machine rebuilds, as they stretch out their timing a little between 
maintenance and repairs and things like that. Last quarter, we thought that worst of it – worst of it was behind us. But 
we still see those kind of actions on the part of our customers. At the same time, we are – we have customers that are 
booking original equipment orders, we have customers that are talking about aftermarket programs like fleet 
management programs and other kind of things that provide more continuity, sustainability to aftermarket revenues. 
But right now, it's a mixture of the two. If you look at the exploration, the impeding exploration of the synfuels credit, 
if you look at the increased cost of implementing safety regulations, realistically, I think there will be more pressure on 
some of the higher-cost Central Appalachian operations. And some of those will probably go offline as well as a result 
of those cost increases. So, we continue to see a lot of pressure in Central Appalachia. We have a high – our highest 
aftermarket exposure is in that same region. We see more growth in places like Northern Appalachia and the Illinois 
basin over the longer run. So, we're seeing a shift in our US business from a market that we have a high aftermarket 
exposure to markets that we have good but not as good of an aftermarket exposure to. So, I think that that's a factor that 
we'll be working with here over the next – certainly over the next six to 12 months. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. Thanks, Mike. That's helpful. Can you also give us sort of struck by the easing 
bookings levels at P&H, and I wondered if you can talk a little bit about how much that has to do with having already 
sold out available capacity through whatever period of time and how much of that might be other factors that we're not 
talking about? And within that I'm specifically interested in how much of your capacity you have sold at this point. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, the bookings are notoriously lumpy and probably more so, on the P&H business. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I understand that. But they have been declining for the last couple of quarters off of a strong 
first quarter number. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Right. Yeah, we – our prospect list on the P&H side is – continues to be very strong. In fact, 
our prospect list from mining shovels continues to grow. At the same time the process of booking these orders tends to 
drag out. We are looking at more multiple machine orders today than we would have had a year or two ago. So, as the 
customer comes in and wants to contract for multiple machines that are delivered over maybe slots that will extend 
over six to nine months. That just adds more complication to those contracting discussions and stretches that process 
out. We've been very disciplined about not trying to accelerate that to get the booking in because the acceleration 
always works against us in terms of – terms and conditions always risks us taking less favorable terms and conditions 
to accelerate the process, and we don't want to do that. And certainly, we feel very, very confident about the outlook for 
mining shovels. I mean, we still are mostly concerned about increasing our capacity to serve the aftermarket and 
hopefully get some uptick on our original equipment delivery capability. At this point, the delivery that we have, we are 
booked out all of 2008. We are booking well into 2009 on electric mining shovels and roughly midway into 2009. But 
that delivery is not creating any kind of push back from our customers. We certainly are not seeing any order losses to 
date because of delivery. So, what we've done really pretty nice job of is more extensive communications with our 
customers on our available slots in giving them to look at some of these decisions earlier than they might otherwise 
have and try to reduce the impact of the delivery on their decision process. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Rob, this is Jim. Just further building on that, there are a number of orders, shovel 
orders in the process today as we speak. And we mentioned before about customers because of the lead times coming 
to us from multiple shovel commitments over a period of time. And based on our plans right now, if we – as Mike said, 
if the fourth quarter comes the way we think it is with the demand that's out there right now then we will be sold 18 to 
24 months out by the end of our fiscal year. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And Jim, when you all talk about having sold 2008, what should we understand to be the 
number of shovels that you would anticipate delivering in '08? 


<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: As I've mentioned, before, Rob, in some of our conversations, I believe this year we're 
going to deliver roughly 22 shovels. We're building at a 26 plus or minus rate right now. And as the new Tianjin plant 
comes on, although it will be dedicated to the aftermarket for a while, that gives us increased flexibility to move that to 
shovels if we desire once we've satisfied the aftermarket. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. Thanks guys. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah. Thank you, Rob. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Barry Haimes with Sage Asset Management. Mr. Haimes, your line is open. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hello, Barry. Hello? 

Operator 

Mr. Haimes, your line is open. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We'll go on to the next question. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Banc of America. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Yeah, thanks. Good morning every body. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi, Seth. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Good morning, Seth. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Sorry? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I said, at least you're there. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: One of your competitors intimated recently that they've been seeing some more aggressive pricing 
from Joy Mining on the underground side. Can you comment on that? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: We – this is Jim again. Seth, we heard those comments, I'll be honest with you, we went 
back and checked ourselves just to make sure things weren't going on that we weren't aware of. But while there has 
been some shift in our mix in terms of products, in terms of the absolute margin rates, our individual product lines, 
there's been no deterioration in terms of aggressive pricing around there. So, we have been relatively successful in – 
recently in roof support orders. And although, those orders have met all of our guidelines, historical guidelines for 
margins, for gross margins, our only thought may be is that there are some, obviously, some lost business heartache out 
there, but we maintain our discipline and we think that's important to do in a market like this. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Seth, this is Mike. As Jim said, I mean, we have been and we continue to be a business that 
focuses on margin and not market share. So, we've been selective on products like roof supports and like draglines, 
focusing on those opportunities that give us adequate margin, and we continue to do that, and that really hasn't 
changed. We do believe that we add value, like in the roof support market, we add value through our systems 
engineering and project management capability. We've been able to get orders, major orders from some key customers 
based upon our ability to turnkey the design build, commissioning and startup of that longwall face, and that capability 
has really helped us quite a bit. We certainly are providing value that the customer doesn't necessarily have in their own 
staff. They have labor shortages and they're stretched like every one else. So, when we put a project management 


capability in front of them, it is very attractive to them. And we've actually performed very, very well with those 
project management opportunities. We've delivered those projects. They have performed well. They have started up 
well, and they have been on time, on schedule, on budget. So, I think there are some things there that have allowed us 
to pick up some additional longwall orders in the current market conditions and it goes back to selling value rather than 
trying to chase orders based on price. So, I'm not sure where the comment came from, but certainly is inconsistent with 
our history and it's inconsistent with our philosophy and I think it's inconsistent with the ways we try to add value into 
the longwall systems market in particular. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay. Would you say that this is, Jim, is this still a business model that you think long-term can 
generate incremental margins of mid 20% range? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: That's our target, yes. And as we mentioned before, one of our biggest opportunities 
there unlike the last several years where we were filling up essentially empty facilities, now that our facilities are pretty 
full, and as Mike mentioned and I mentioned, we still think there are some substantial opportunities from an operational 
standpoint to reduce our cycle time, increase our efficiencies and thereby drive improved margins in that mid-20 range 
on an incremental basis. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. Mike, can you comment on any changes to the competitive 
landscape in China from local manufacturers? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah. China is – we try to equate China to being a – it's like a war. It's a series of battles you 
fight all the way through. And certainly, what we've seen more recently is the impact of politically correct decisions. I 
think we have a great product, we have great value, we have great aftermarket lifecycle management services in China, 
and that really has helped us over there. But recent directives by the current Premier of China have caused some 
customers to look more intensely at domestic Chinese customers. We're seeing situations where equipment 
significantly less capable than our equipment and of course, less price as well, is tried because that seems to be the 
politically correct thing to do. 

We are working very hard to position ourselves as a Chinese manufacturer using our Tianjin campus and other things 
to be perceived more as a Chinese company using Chinese capacity, having Chinese workforce and things like that. But 
certainly there is a combination of performance and politically correct decisions and that certainly what we're working 
through right now. I think just one of more of those issues we have to work through it's not unlike some of the things 
we work through in other markets as they have gone from emerging to maturing markets in the mining aspects. So, our 
progress in China has been good. I think as Jim mentioned, our order rates, the aftermarket order rates in the third 
quarter from China has been especially strong. So, we continue to look at China, our 2010 targets and the long-term 
opportunities in China to be very good, and we're continuing to make pretty significant investments in China because of 
those opportunities. But it's not going to come easy. It's going to be a constant battle all the way through. But we feel 
pretty good about the value that we are adding. We are looking at matching our equipment to needs in China rather than 
all worldwide equipment. There may be some China-specific applications where we have to have equipment that's 
longer life but lower cost more in tune with the China decision making processes that we see today. But that's 
something that we're just in the early stages of looking at. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Sure, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Barry Haimes with Sage Asset Management. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Good morning. Sorry, I missed you before. I – trying to get off and I somehow disconnected 
myself. But anyhow, I wondered if you could follow up a little bit on what's going on in India? That's been a market 
that's been a little bit slow to develop in spite of the fact that they have a lot of coal and I wonder if you could just give 
us the update on what's happening there. Thank you. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, Barry, this is Mike Sutherlin. India is a market that we sort of have a love-hate 
relationship with from a standpoint that we think that there's tremendous long-term opportunities but we continue to be 
frustrated with how long it takes for those opportunities to materialize. We have equipment running in India. It's doing 
extremely well and we have continuous miners that are outperforming some old Chinese and Russian longwalls that are 
running in India. And yet the follow-on orders there have been slow in coming. We are continuing to sell equipment 
and put new equipment in India, but it's at a relatively slow pace. There has been a lot of discussion about privatizing 
some of the mining opportunities in India. We are seeing a number of Indian construction companies begin to position 
themselves so that they could go to work as mining operators in India, and we think that's going to be a breath of fresh 
air and provide some upside opportunity to sell equipment on performance and outside the normal government 
bureaucracy. We also see at least one global contract mining company that is beginning to establish a presence in India 
and that will be an opportunity as well. So, we are seeing some very, very early stages of things changing in India. It's 
very early – too early to say that we see a bright optimistic future ahead, although I think that the future will improve. 
At this point, it's a slow steady process and nothing dramatic. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Gallo with C. L. King. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Follow-up question I guess on Central App. Obviously, the decline in that region really hurt you 
in the quarter. I guess, as we look at the longer-term outlook for Central App, it seems that production in that region is 
going to continue to decline for at least the next few years and not by an insignificant amount. So, I was wondering, I 
guess as the production shifts from Central App to other regions, certainly Central App had a very high aftermarket 
content for you, whether you think you can make up that revenue elsewhere or whether you think that there's ultimately 
some longer-term degredation in the revenues you're able to generate from the US underground business? And then as 
sort of an aside to that, what your outlook is for Central App, whether you see it stabilizing at some level over the next 
couple of years et cetera? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Mike, the transfer of the market from Central App to other markets, I mean, I think that's 
going to – it is happening, I think it will continue to happen. And one of the reasons for it is that Central App is just a 
very high-cost location to operate. Part of the high-cost and part of the high aftermarket revenue, we get out of Central 
App, it comes from the fact that they – most of the customers have to cut a significant amount of rock to get the coal 
out of ground. So, it's not unusual to have customers that have on a run-of-mine basis have 50% of what they are 
cutting and taking out of the mine, and 50% of that to be rejected in the cut plants. So, with that high reject rate, you're 
just cutting more material per ton of coal but it's also harder cutting as well and as production shifts to the Northern 
Appalachian and Illinois basin regions, which is where it will end up going, the seam heights are higher and the cutting 
conditions therefore are a bit easier. So, it does have an adverse effect on our revenue per ton of coal produced. We 
continue to work with customers in those regions on more comprehensive service programs and that will help provide 
some offset. But in the long run, [inaudible] of Central App to Northern App and Illinois basin will have an adverse 
impact on our aftermarket revenues just because of the cutting conditions not because of market shares or anything like 
that but just because of cutting conditions. Central App because of the high cost and the difficult cutting conditions is a 
market that works on premium pricing. And significant amount of most of the Central App producers' production is 
going into the met coal market and Central App was strong when there was a significant sulfur premium for low sulfur 
Central App coal but as more power generating plants gets scrubbed that sulfur premium begins to diminish. And so, I 
think you'll see – we have seen, if you go look at the charts, you will see a long-term decline in the coal production in 


Central App. I think it's been accelerated more recently. But I think that the long-term decline curve will continue. I 
think that that market will continue to decline and be a premium price market, whether it's thermal that can be sold for 
premium prices or whether it's met coal production. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay, great. And then just one other question. If you could just touch on some of the other 
commodities that I think maybe you didn't touch on such as the need for electric mining shovels for things like uranium 
or some of the other areas? Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, the other areas that we work and we have mining shovels that work in a variety of 
different metals including gold and others. We – there are some uranium projects that are going on. Those are 
commingled with copper. And so, we look at that. The demand is out there. We sort of incorporate that as we look at 
the demand in the copper markets. In fact, one of the biggest projects we have on the drawing board right now for 
uranium, it may well be that uranium becomes a byproduct and copper is a primary product that they're going to 
produce out of that mining operation. We don't have the significant amount of shovels that operate in those other 
metals. If you look at gold and you look at diamonds and you look at things like that, there's just not a significant 
amount of shovels that operate in those markets. I would imagine our sales may be one or two a year of shovels that go 
outside the commodities that we cover. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Jerry Revich>: Good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Jerry. 

<Q - Jerry Revich>: Looking at your next 12-month guidance, the sales forecast is $200 million below your next 12 
guidance last quarter. Roughly speaking, can you please break out for us the lower assumption in US coal versus 
supplier disruptions that are built into that $200 million number? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: This is Jim. First off, we didn't – the assumption for US coal is in there. I mean the 
forecast is tempered by that. We didn't assume supply disruptions. What we said was we assumed some capacity 
constraints in the short-term at P&H that we hope we don't have anymore supply disruptions. But we have not broken 
out the difference between the two of those. And at this point, as I mentioned with Rob, it's very hard to call the bottom 
of the US coal market. We thought it was this quarter when we were at an inflection point. We continue to think it's 
very near-term. But given what we are being told, but we're still not seeing that year-on-year improvement yet. So, the 
guidance is more consistent with what we said in our July 25th release where we were lowering our sales by 150 to 200 
million and our EPS and results accordingly being probably a little bit more conservative based on those two factors. 

<Q - Jerry Revich>: Okay. And in the quarter, what was the approximate impact of the supplier production issues this 
quarter on sales? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: We really haven't quantified that except to say that in both businesses the results were 
below our internal expectations. And I think I can say that our sales were roughly 8 to 9% below where we thought 
they would be going into the quarter because of the issues that we talked about. 

<Q - Jerry Revich>: And – sorry, to be clear, that's combined weaker US aftermarket and production issues or just 
production issues? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And production issues with the capacity constraints at P&H. 

<Q - Jerry Revich>: Okay. Thank you. And... 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Let me go back and touch on your question about the forward guidance. We have guidance 
right now that's 2.6 or 2.8 billion. We pre-announced earlier that the full year 2007 was going to be a 150 to 200 
million below our guidance range for the year. Our intent in that was that, that we were going to be 150 to 200 million 
below the bottom of that range and I'm not sure that that was accurately reflected in peoples' estimates. So from our 
perspective, we've said – in essence we've said that we thought that 2007 number was going to be 150 to 200 million 
below our guidance range which meant below the 2.7 that we had in that guidance range. So, as we look at our current 
rolling guidance, we see the current rolling guidance to be up from where we did in the pre-announcement, and that 
reflects some improvement in capacity and efficiencies. It doesn't have any disruptions. But it also doesn't anticipate 
any significant improvement in the US coal market. In fact, it sort of anticipates that the US coal market is going to stay 
about where it is. 

<Q - Jerry Revich>: Okay. That's helpful. And just to clarify one quick point here, are you still on track to hit the 
updated fiscal '07 guidance that you just alluded to? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, we are. Yeah. 

<Q - Jerry Revich>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And again, just to reemphasize what Mike said, when we issued the release, we said we 
were 150 to 200 million and 10 to 15% below the guidance range, and our interpretation of that was below the bottom 
end of the previous range that we had given, which was 2.7 to 3 billion and 285 to 325. Unfortunately, a couple of 
people just took that off the top and the bottom established a new bid point, which candidly was still in the original 
range, and that wasn't what we intended. We will have to be a little bit more specific in the future. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of [inaudible] with Mortar Capital. 

<Q>: Hey, quick question or two. First of all, you made a statement in your press release that you anticipated 
completing your stock buyback program earlier than the end of '08. So, it sounds like you're going to be more 
aggressive and I think that's great given where your stock is. Would you – is it your goal to re-up the buyback and 
maybe institute another one, if you – especially if your stock does not improve? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: [inaudible], I think in our press release we said that we anticipate completing the buyback 
by... 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: By the end of calendar 2008. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, by the end of calendar 2008. That was – the authorization expired in calendar 2008 
and we've said we expected to complete the buyback by the time that the authorization expires. So, I don't think we 
intended to say that we were going to finish that early. We just said we would finish it by the time the authorization 
expired. 

<Q>: Well, I mean, when – so then philosophically, when your stock is depressed as it is now, does that mean you'd be 
more aggressive or do you tend to smooth it out a little bit more? Just curious how you think about the buyback. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah. We certainly – we start out on the buyback with the position that we are a significant 
cash flow generating business. We've been able to generate pretty significant cash flows as we've been growing our 
revenues and expanding our capacity. And so, I think it demonstrates our ability to generate cash flow on all phases of 
the cycle. So, we have a long-term need to put that cash to good use. And absent significant acquisition program or 
significant acquisition opportunity, we can fund our growth requirements, we can fund our CapEx requirements and 
still have significant cash left over. So, we're going to be a company that's going to be buying back shares over the 


long-term and that is our expectation that we'll be buying back shares this year, next year and five years from now. 
Certainly, within that broad objective of returning cash to shareholders, we also want to take advantage of near-term 
opportunities and when the stock price, we believe, is undervalued, we certainly would like to be more aggressive in 
buying back shares. But that's just a little bit of an opportunistic condition within a long-term plan to be buying shares 
in the marketplace. 

<Q>: Okay. That's good. Certainly, where the stock is today would be a good place to get aggressive. Second question, 
there was an article recently – I forget, in one of the papers which talked about potential easing of permitting 
restrictions for Central App, particularly in, I think, was in West Virginia. Can you comment on that? How real that is? 
How that might impact your business? Would it allow for greater production, which would possibly require more of 
your equipment, but then I guess it could be an impact on the pricing? Can you just talk about that for one second? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, the permitting processes in Central Appalachia have been very difficult for our 
customers, particularly on surface or open pit mines the permitting process had been very difficult. It's typically had a 
lot of challenges and it's a very protractive process for our customers. I think most of our major customers have adapted 
to that and they have guys that are well schooled in the process and they just understand that they've got to do a lot 
more homework and they've got to be better prepared, and they also have to accept that they're going to get challenged 
and they will have to go back to court and defend themselves against the environmentalists, who typically are ones that 
challenge these permits. But right now, I don't think that permitting in Central Appalachia is a pacing item, I think 
economics of the pacing item. And so, I don't really believe permitting as a major factor. We don't have a lot of 
customers that have mines that are wrapped up in the permitting issues. I think that we still have more capacity than we 
have the demand in the US at this point. I don't think that the permitting is going to open up a lot of new production for 
us in the near term. In the long-term, permitting, although it's a longer process, our customers adapt. They run that very 
well and they just accept that they have to start earlier. So, in the long-term, I don't think that the permitting issues have 
reduced the capability of bringing capacity online in Central Appalachia. 

<Q>: Excellent. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Lee Rosenbaum with Putnam. 

<Q - Lee Rosenbaum>: Hi. Can you just comment about the status of where your debt was at end of the quarter? It 
looks like quarter-over-quarter long-term obligations were down a bit. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Yeah, they were down roughly 50 million. 

<Q - Lee Rosenbaum>: Right. Did you buyback some debt as well or...? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: No, no. Our net debt position – the long-term bonds, we didn't buy any back. No, they 
are still out there. 

<Q - Lee Rosenbaum>: Okay. What accounts for the decrease? I guess we'll have to wait for the 10-Q? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Yeah. 

<Q - Lee Rosenbaum>: What were some of the other categories in that, please? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: We did reduce our revolver during the quarter by 75 million as decision made earlier in 
the quarter and our debts at the end of the quarter was bonds and about 15 million of revolver. 

<Q - Lee Rosenbaum>: Great, thank you. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Just to clarify on that point, during our closed window period, we closed our trading 
window for insider trading we closed that in the last month of our quarter. And in the closed winter period, we run with 
a 10b5-1 plan. So, the buybacks that we have been exercising in the last month have been driven by the plan that we – 
obviously, using the cash to pay down the revolver was based upon how much we could buy in the marketplace by the 
definitions that we have in the 10b5-1 plan. 

<Q - Lee Rosenbaum>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Just a couple of quickies to follow up. Tax rate assumption in your forecast? 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: 31% for '07, 32% for next year. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And can you – is it possible, do you have the ability to give us an update on – the company 


has historically talked about revenue developed in developing markets for in particular, do you have a view on how 
much that number will be up this year compared with last year? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: We intend to give you a little better insight on that, Rob, at the Analyst Day on 20th. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Fair enough. And then just to follow up the comment before about revised outlook 
compared with original outlook as contained in the pre-announcement a month ago, the implication is that you're 
looking for 2.65 to 2.70 of earnings per share in fiscal '07, if I'm doing $0.15 to $0.20 off of what had been a... 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: It was $0.10 to $0.15 off of 2.85 to 3.25. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Thank you. I misspoke. So that's... 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: No, I'm sorry – well, I'm sorry. You're correct. It was $0.15 to $0.20, you're correct. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: All right. And so, that $0.15 to $0.20 off of a 2.85 at the bottom of the range would be 2.65 


to 2.70? 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: You are correct. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And you said your outlook has not changed over the last month? 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Right. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: That include earnings as well because you hadn't talked about it? 
<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: That's correct. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

We have a follow-up question from Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Yeah, thank you. Jim, you and Mike both have talked about the realignment that is unfolding 
in the underground business. How much expense associated with that is incorporated in the rolling 12-month outlook? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Actually for – in terms of the rolling 12 months for domestic, there is very little right 
now. And that, as I mentioned earlier, are going to be more or less dependent on what happens in North America in the 
US coal market. In the UK, we have included roughly another $1 million or so – or US$1.5, I think about £700,000 or 


so, US$1.5 of continued restructuring costs for the UK. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Mark, Jim is exactly right on the numbers. But we also don't have a lot of cost improvement 
in our rolling numbers as we take out costs and we incur those severance costs, we get some cost benefit in subsequent 
quarters. And we haven't reflected very much of that under the assumption that as we roll forward, the cost we incur 
will be covered by the subsequent savings. So, we have some push-pull that goes on as we downsize that I think that we 
can cover the – any future severance costs or restructuring costs in the US can be covered within our guidance because 
we have some conservative outlook on some of the savings in that guidance, and we can use that savings to cover some 
of the subsequent costs that we are going to incur. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. So, it's sort of a pay as you go and the benefits pretty quickly offset the expense? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: As we are continuing to take costs out, but we have a number of facilities in the US. So, it's 
not one big decision, it's usually a very complex decision about where we take costs out and where we move production 
around, and that tends to be made in piecemeal because of the complexity and the number of locations that may be 
involved in that. So, it tends to be more of a – it will be a rolling process even though we know today that if the market 
has to improve, we may have to take more cost out. It's just not something we can roll up and make one big decision, 
one big implementation. It's kind of rolls [inaudible] 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: That's a very dynamic process right now as we react to the market and the speed at 
which China comes up to speed from a production standpoint and what's happening in the US markets. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. So, the way to think about it is like it's hard to calculate this, but presumably your 
productivity has been really good because of the volume leverage and other things that you guys have instituted over 
the past few years. It sounds like that productivity for a period of time in the underground business will plateau because 
of this pay as you go dynamic, and then we'll start to improve after we've concluded it. So, is that that reasonable? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: That's a fair assessment. but it has potential in the short-term, as an example, the 1.5 
million that we have in the rolling guidance also pays itself back in roughly six months. So it's an example of some of 
the savings that Mike talked about as we move forward. 

<A - Mark Readinger>: Okay. All Right. Thanks very much. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Thanks, Mark. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi, how are you? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Barry, how are you? 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Fine. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Is that the first time that the pronunciation has been right? 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Yeah, it is. If I look at the 3.3 million of severance and restructuring, did all of that flows 
through the Joy underground P&L? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Yes, it did. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. So, if I add 3.3 million of severance and 2.6 million in the Stamler charge, I'm up to 5.9 
million. Now if your margins in Joy have been flat year-over year, you'd have reported Joy profits of $10.5 million 
higher underground. So the remaining 4.6 million, would you break that out as what was mix like roof supports and 
what was anything else? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Barry, the next biggest component on that would be the loss of overhead absorption 
associated with the flooding in the UK and the labor outage in South Africa. So, we've – in South Africa, we've roughly 
lost a week's worth of work in our shops, and in the UK, there was a disruption that was probably in the neighborhood 
of a week and a half to two weeks because of the flooding. People couldn't get to and from work. We couldn't get parts 
in and out. So, our overhead absorption on that list – the third biggest item was be overhead absorption. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. And then lastly, I struggle, I think like other callers do, on this whole forward four 
quarter thing versus just using a fiscal year basis for your guidance. But I looked at First Call and I added up the next 
four quarters, and the Street was looking for 3.53 of EPS, and you came in with guidance of 2.90 to 3.15 and that's a 
pretty major miss of about 14%. Now, I know you were talking to Robert McCarthy's question regarding this fiscal 
year, but something must have fallen off on what you or we viewed as the takeoff point in the second half fiscal '08. So, 
did you see some push back on your views regarding Eastern US or other factors that kept your profits down? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Well, just to be clear, our guidance that we gave previously for the next rolling prior to 
this was 3.25 to 3.50. So, the Street was much higher than what we had given at that point in time. But as we said, both 
in our press release this time and in our July 25th press release, I think two major factors that tempered our outlook are 
basically realization that US underground coal was not going to come back in any appreciable way any time soon. And 
as Mike mentioned, electricity demand continues to decline, which is the real driver for some of that. And candidly, we 
are tempering – we had higher expectations for capacity increases at P&H, which on a short-term basis, even though by 
2009 when Tianjin comes up to speed will be at a bit higher levels. On a short-term basis, it's very difficult to increase 
capacity much more significantly at P&H than we'd hope. So it's capacity constraints in the US market that are the two 
big tempering items from the last guidance. And Mike? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, Barry, one of the things as we gave our pre-announcement, we went back and talked 
about our 2007 numbers coming in below our guidance range and our intent there was to take those numbers off the 
bottom of that guidance range. Obviously, we probably would not have pre-announced had we thought we could get 
into the lower part of that range and so – that's where we started from. As we go forward, we also have positioned our 
guidance and I think to improve the predictability of that guidance, and rather than putting numbers out there that we 
think we could make if things went right or the US market improves and other things, we put the numbers that we feel 
pretty confident that we can make those numbers going forward. We don't have any specific plans for our production 
disruptions and those kind of things we had in the third quarter, but we know the reality is that that some of those will 
come along as well. So we've put our guidance so that we have the sufficient color around our expectations so that we 
can take some of those things and not have to go back and have misses that we can take the normal occurrences that go 
on in a complex manufacturing operation and still meet our guidance that we're giving. So, part of that is a little bit less 
optimistic view of the US market, particularly from a timing standpoint and certainly, some of that is us just getting a 
little bit more conservative to make sure that our guidance has some allowance for error and still we feel confident that 
we can deliver on the guidance that we are putting out. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Banc of America. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Hi, thanks. Just – I apologize if I missed this, but is it possible to quantify what your exposure to 
Central App region is, both on the OE and aftermarket as a percentage of revenue? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We just don't break the regions down that to level of detail, Seth. We will say though that 
Central App – in our US underground business Central App is our largest revenue region in our US underground 
business. It's got the largest impact on original equipment. It's got the largest impact on aftermarket. And if you look at 
the underground coal production, Central App is 25% of the US underground coal production. So, the impact on our 


business is significantly higher than that if you look at it from that standpoint. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Olson with Houston Energy Partners. 

<Q - John Olson>: Good morning, gentlemen. I was going to ask you exactly the same question as the last gentleman. 
Can you – but can you also give us some dimension on China, how important that is to the overall earnings profile of 
the company? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, China, right now is running in the range of 15% of our revenues. But it certainly has 
the highest growth profile for us. As we look forward and look at our business, say over the next five years, we expect 
China to be our largest market segment and at the expense of some other markets that will not grow as fast. And so, the 
importance to us of China is in its impact on our business going forward rather than on the impact today. It's only 15% 
of our revenues today. But certainly, as we look out over the future, we expect that to continue to grow. We've seen 
consistent double-digit growth rates in China revenues. We expect those double-digit growth rates to continue. And it is 
a critically important part of our improvement in – our growth in revenues, our growth in profitability and our outlook 
for growth in the business in general. If you look at China, it is our number one growth market. It has higher growth – 
much higher growth potential than other markets, much higher growth potential than the oil sands even. 

<Q - John Olson>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Okay. At this time, there are no further questions. Are there any closing remarks? 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Yeah, thank you. I'd just like to thank everyone for their participation on this call and also to remind the callers that we 
are having our Analyst Day in New York on September 20th, and we look forward to seeing you there, and we will be 
talking about our outlook for our business and a little bit about the strategy for our business that we have been working 
on. So, we're looking forward to seeing everyone on September 20th in New York. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


Page 20 


