Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
• Michael W. Sutherlin, President and Chief Operating Officer, Joy Mining Machinery; Executive Vice President, Joy 
Global Inc. 
• John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Michael Gallo 
• John Hanson 
• Mark Koznarek 
• David Bleustein 
• Barry Bannister 
• Charles Brady 
• Robert McCarthy 
• Seth Weber 
• Kevin Fogarty 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Audrey and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Joy Global Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] 

Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Don Roof, Chief Financial Officer of Joy Global. Please go ahead. 

Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Thank you, Audrey, and I would like to welcome everyone to our third quarter earnings call this morning. Joining me 
in making comments this morning will be John Hanson, our Chairman, President and CEO, as well as Mike Sutherlin, 
who is designated to replace John as CEO upon John's retirement in 2007. We also have here with us Mike Olsen, our 
Chief Accounting Officer; Gene Fuhrmann, our Vice President and Corporate Controller, and Tom Stanczyk, our Vice 
President of Tax, if they are needed for answering any of the questions. 

The format this morning is going to be a summary review by myself on the financial highlights and results. I'll then 
turn the call over to Mike Sutherlin for an update on market conditions and other matters. John will address our new 
12-month guidance and then John will open it up for questions and answer. 

Before I do get started, I would like to make our forward-looking disclaimer. I'll reference to our disclosures in both 
our press release and our SEC filings. We will be making a number of forward-looking statements this morning and all 


statements that are not historical fact involve risk and uncertainties. All statements are subject to change at any time 
and we might not update such statements. Such statements that we make are based on management's current 
expectations. In addition to all this, there are factors we set out in our press release, our latest 10-K, and 10-Q that could 
cause actual results to be significantly different from those that are contemplated. 

And with that, let me discuss a few financial matters. I'd like to start with bookings and revenues in the third quarter. 
Total bookings in the quarter increased by 13% over the third quarter of last year. Aftermarket orders continued the 
strength of the last three years, increasing by 17% over last year's third quarter. This does represent the 13th 
consecutive quarter of double-digit aftermarket order increase and results from the generally strong production demand 
in commodity prices in the markets served by our customers. 

The third quarter was interesting in the area of orders for new original equipment. In total, they increased over last year. 
P&H received shovel orders in excess of capacity and, as we stated in the press release, we see strong order 
opportunities for the fourth quarter and continued strong market activity going into 2007. Joy Mining had good order 
flow in a number of markets. However, in the US delays and deferrals on the part of our customers resulted in a 
decrease in original equipment orders and Mike Sutherlin will speak to the US coal market in his comments. 

Despite capacity constraints at P&H Mining and continuing issues with increasing supply chain capabilities, the 
businesses were again able to drive double-digit revenue growth in the third quarter. Revenues were at $600 million in 
the quarter, an increase of 17% over the third quarter of last year. 

As with bookings, aftermarket revenue growth continues to be significant, increasing by 24% in the quarter, the same 
growth rate as in the second quarter this year. This resulted in aftermarket revenues comprising 63% of total revenues 
in the quarter as compared with 59% in the third quarter of last year. 

Revenue growth at Joy Mining was greater than 25% in the quarter whereas with their capacity constraints, the revenue 
growth at P&H Mining was only in the mid single-digit range. This will change following the completion of the 
capacity expansion at P&H Mining. 

Next I'd like to turn to margins, leverage, and incremental profitability. Gross profit margins achieved by Joy and P&H 
in the third quarter were once again strong, increasing from 28% last year to 32% in the current quarter. This 
improvement was due to a combination of factors. As mentioned, the percentage of aftermarket revenues grew in the 
current quarter. P&H shovel margins were stronger with higher margin shovels in the quarter – shovels in the current 
quarter combined with lower dragline revenues. 

Joy Mining margins were strengthened by period costs as a percentage of sales being more than 1% lower in the quarter 
and period costs include such areas as purchase price variances, burn spending versus absorption, and other items. 

In addition to the growth in gross profit margins, the third quarter saw a continuation of the strong control over SG&A 
costs with these costs falling to 13.4% of sales from 14.5% in the third quarter last year. Both businesses controlled 
their SG&A costs fairly well in the quarter. Unfortunately, we also benefited in the quarter from lower incentive plan 
accruals as I will address in connection with my working capital comments. 

Put all this together and you end up with another quarter of unusually high incremental profitability. Total operating 
income increased by more than 50% to a level of $110 million and amounted to more than 18% of sales. Incremental 
profitability was 44% in the quarter, well in excess of our 25 to 30% target range. Both of these measures compare 
favorably with results of companies we are often comped against. 

At the Analyst day at the end of May, I projected we would not reach our targeted EBIT performance of the high-teens 
until fiscal 2007. I was wrong, as we will likely reach that longstanding target a year early. However, we continue to 
believe that incremental profitability will only be in the range of 25 to 30% going forward. In fact, due to the purchase 
accounting related adjustments with the Stamler acquisition, we will likely be below this target in the next two quarters. 
We are estimating that purchase accounting inventory adjustments over the next two quarters will be in the amount of 
approximately $8 million in total. In addition, increased amortization expense from the transaction could be in the 
range of $1 million to $2 million quarterly. 


There are a couple of additional items I would like to briefly mention. Included in income tax expense in the third 
quarter was a credit of $111 million or 90 cents per share from the reversal of most of the remaining US federal tax 
valuation allowances. This adjustment is on top of the reversal in the second quarter in Australian related allowances 
and in addition to $68 million that was recorded to additional paid in capital in the quarter not reflected in the income 
statement. 

Additional tax provision credits of approximately $12 million will be realized at some point from the further reversal of 
valuation allowances available to the Company. However, the timing of these reversals cannot be determined. 
Excluding this area, our book tax rate in the quarter was just under 31%. We continue to expect our book tax rate for 
the year to end up in the range of 33 to 34% before these credits. 

Cash taxes continue to be just under 10% of pre-tax income, consistent with our forecast in this area. Our ability to 
continue to realize the benefits of our significant NOLs results in a significant benefit to free cash flow. The difference 
in book and cash tax rates against pre-tax income amounted to $25 million in the quarter and more than $75 million for 
the year to date. Compared with less than 119 million shares now outstanding, this difference is significant on a per 
share basis. 

Cash balances of the Company decreased by almost $150 million in the quarter. Offsetting the strong cash generation 
from operating performance was almost $200 million of stock repurchases and working capital investments of 45 
million. The Company did pursue aggressive stock repurchases in the quarter with more than 3.8 million shares being 
repurchased. As of today, less than $50 million of the original $300 million authorization remains unspent and the 
Company has repurchased in excess of 5 million shares. Actual shares outstanding at the end of the third quarter was 
119 million versus 123 million at the end of the second quarter. 

Free cash flow in the quarter was negatively affected by the $45 million increase in non-cash working capital. This 
brings the increase in non-cash working capital for the first three quarters of fiscal '06 to just over $170 million. The 
increase in sales this year of more than $350 million drove about one-half of the working capital increase. 

Our return on working capital performance is up substantially in fiscal 2006. However, we are not reaching our 
increased goals in this area and as a result, incentive plan accruals have been reduced, as mentioned above. The real 
issue is that we must continue to drive increased capacity and maintain high service levels to our customers, both while 
effectively managing our working capital investments. 

Overall, another very strong performance by the employees of both P&H Mining and Joy Mining in the quarter: 
double-digit revenue increase, higher gross profit margins, fantastic incremental profitability, and EBIT performance in 
the high teens are just some of their efforts. 

With that, I will turn the call over to Mike Sutherlin. Mike? 

Michael W. Sutherlin, President and Chief Operating Officer, Joy Mining 
Machinery; Executive Vice President, Joy Global Inc. 

Yes, thank you, Don. I would like to add my welcome to everyone on the call. It's good to have you with us today. As 
Don has highlighted, we continue to do an outstanding job of delivering solid operating and financial performance. We 
are consistently delivering revenue and operating leverage around the top of our guidance range and we're using that 
leverage to build our EBIT margins to the high teens range that we have targeted. 

I will therefore let those operating numbers speak for themselves and would like to address two issues that will drive 
our business performance going forward. These two issues are the outlook for our markets and the ability to increase 
realizable capacity to keep pace with the needs of our customers. 

First, let's look to the markets. The fundamentals are strong for all commodities mined by our customers and this 
supports the continued growth in long term demand for our products and services. The current demand is equally strong 
in all of our markets with the single exception of North American coal and I will return to that in just a moment. 


Copper demand growth last year was limited to 2% as a result of destocking, most notably by China. Conversely, this 
year's growth will be in the 5 to 6% range. In addition, all of the expansion projects announced to date will grow 
production by only about a 3% compound annual growth rate and less if you anticipate further supply disruptions. As a 
result, copper supply is expected to remain in deficit for the next two to three years. 

Steel production is expected to grow at a similar 5 to 6% range, led by China whose production growth will remain 
near or above 20%. Three producers control three-fourths of the seaborne trade in iron ore and they have been able to 
use that leverage against a strong demand outlook to increase pricing by 19%. On the other hand, their increase in 
output, particularly from Australia, was minimal over the first half of this year. Iron ore is expected to remain in supply 
deficit for three more years, and this is encouraging next tier producers to enter this market. 

The oil sands continues to be the commodity market with the highest potential for growth rate. However, producers 
have encountered infrastructure limitations and project cost increases but have continued with their announced projects. 
At the same time that they are addressing these cost increases, some producers have increased their ROI threshold from 
35 to as much as $50 a barrel of oil. The good news is that both current and future oil prices remain comfortably above 
this rate. 

The fundamentals and long term outlook for coal continues to be very strong. There has been an increase in proposed 
coal-fired power plant construction in the United States to 153 plants representing 93 gigawatts of new electricity. Of 
this, 20 gigawatts is expected to be built by 2010. This equates to an additional coal demand of 65 million tons by 2010 
and 300 million tons in total. 

China has the largest coal reserves in the world and will fuel most of its growth with coal-fired power. During the 
period of infrastructure development, electricity demand is expected to grow at 1.2 to 1.3 times the GDP growth rate or 
roughly 12% a year. This will increase China's annual coal demand by 150 million tons per year and sustain current 
production growth rates. 

Other markets are increasingly turning to coal for low cost and reliable sources of baseload energy. Despite large 
domestic reserves, India has become an importer of thermal coal. Even Europe has increased its coal burn and we have 
seen new coal-fired plants planned and permitted there, something almost unthinkable a few years ago. 

The Asia-Pacific market for coal has remained very strong. China's domestic growth continues to limit exports and coal 
demand from Japan is growing at a time when its stockpile levels are at historic lows. This is much the same scenario 
as the US in 2003. Asia-Pacific prices reflect the strong demand and price levels for thermal coal remain at above $50 
US in all markets. 

In the near term, coal has become very bifurcated. The recent mild weather in North America has reduced power burns 
and allowed some rebuilding of stockpiles. On the production side, we have seen year to date growth of approximately 
4%, both in the East and the West. This growth rate is up slightly from those posted last year and shows the result of 
our customers' investment in capacity expansion. 

The combination of reduced demand and increased capacity has depressed spot prices. Fortunately, most of our 
customers have the majority of the next 12 months production priced under contract and they otherwise appear to be 
prepared to restrict output further than sell coal at little or no margin. 

There are two positives to take away from the current market condition in North American coal. First is that 
weather-induced demand is not sustainable and we will soon see a return to normal demand patterns. The second 
positive is the determination of our customers to restrict output rather than sell at low margins. Some customers have 
taken production offline short term. Most majors have not signed contracts under current market conditions and the few 
exceptions reported doing so at prices above spot. In addition, all of our largest North American coal customers 
reiterate to us that all of their capacity upgrade and expansion projects will remain on schedule. If this demand 
interruption is a test of the industry, it has responded well and in its long term best interest. In fact, this adds to my 
confidence in the industry fundamentals. 


In response to the strong fundamentals and the solid outlook for our markets, we must continue to expand our capacity. 
This is driven by several issues, but first some background on our capacity drivers. Our revenues can be divided into 
three streams: original equipment for both replacement and capacity expansion, aftermarket and support of the 
operating fleet, and new markets which will add significantly to the field population. 

Two of these revenue streams are effectively sustainable over the cycle. The aftermarket stream has demonstrated its 
ability to grow consistently year over year, driven by the increase in the installed equipment base. For example, we 
have often talked about how our aftermarket revenues grew through the downturn in the late 1990s and earlier this 
decade. New markets for Joy Global consist of oil sands and the emerging markets, with the latter led by China, Russia, 
and India. All of these markets also have long term sustainable growth, principally because they are driven by factors 
delinked to the normal economic cycle. For example, oil prices can drop by 30% to 50% and still make the ROI case 
for oil sands expansion. And the industrialization of the emerging markets has socio-political factors that go beyond 
sheer economics. 

The result is that as much as three-fourths of our revenues will grow throughout the cycle. These are also key elements 
of our Life Cycle Management strategies which is the most important part of our business and as a result, we need to 
expand capacity on a sustainable basis to keep ahead of and not just pace with the projected growth in these revenue 
segments. 

Our third revenue segment is original equipment. Despite the inherent cyclicality, we see a strong current demand for 
our original equipment coming from all markets except North American coal and I expect the return of this market 
soon. Over the longer run, we see continued growth in demand for our original equipment for at least the next several 
years. In addition, our business is driven by service levels and not backlogs. Therefore, it's more important that we 
continue to work toward reducing current equipment order lead times than to maintain the comfort of large backlogs. 

We need to continue selectively expanding capacity in the original equipment segment because better equipment and 
improved lead times is the basis for sustaining product margins. In fact, our target is to reduce and maintain original 
equipment order lead times at less than twelve months. To date, we have done a very good job of growing our 
realizable capacity with programs that have created high returns. We have streamlined processes and have added 
machine tools and other assets to de-bottleneck processes. 

Even when we have invested in straight capacity additions, we have insisted on a high productivity component to make 
the justification. The result has been a high yield on investment. At Joy Underground we have more than doubled 
original equipment output since 2003 without adding roofline. At P&H, we're adding seven shovels to annual capacity 
for an investment of $17 million or about $2 million per capacity slot. This is significantly more cost effective than any 
other capacity expansion programs announced in the industry. 

In addition, we're currently making strategic investments in a new factory in Tianjin, China and in service centers in 
China, Russia, and Poland. All of these will allow us to expand our Life Cycle Management programs in these key 
markets. And in addition, the Tianjin facility is located in a free trade zone and we'll be able to supply other regions as 
well as the China demand. 

We announced an increase in our capital expenditure levels at our May Analyst day and we'll use this to accelerate our 
capital expansion programs. At the same time, we continue to maintain our focus on strategically important high yield 
investments. We will not be satisfied with investments that are based on volume expansion alone. The result will be 
capacity expansion that keeps pace with the growing aftermarket and new market demand and additionally reduces 
order lead times on original equipment. 

We did close the Stamler acquisition at the end of July. Stamler makes a range of material haulage products for 
underground coal and pressure products for underground coal, surface, and industrial applications. The Stamler 
products are a natural extension of our current surface to underground product offerings. They work in related 
applications. They use similar technology and they have many of the same customers. Thus we will gain synergies by 
taking Stamler to market through the P&H and Joy sales and aftermarket organizations. There is also opportunity to 
grow Stamler revenues by leveraging them into the emerging markets and by expanding the product offering, 


especially for surface and industrial applications. 

In summary, I would see strong fundamentals in all the commodity markets we serve. Despite the current softness in 
North American coal, I believe the long term demand for coal-fired baseload power will continue to grow at higher 
than historical rates. We have major opportunities in key growth markets and we need to stay ahead of demand for our 
aftermarket parts and services. As a result, we are not only predicting but we are investing in the future of this industry. 
It is the right thing to do for our customers and our shareholders. 

And on a personal note, I'm just very excited about the opportunities we are currently seeing and the outlook in the 
longer term. And as a result, we can continue growing the size and quality of this business for the foreseeable future. 
I'm looking forward to leading that growth and performance through the years ahead and continuing to build on and 
expand the strategic direction set by John Hanson. 

So with that, I'll turn the call over to John who will review our guidance for the next four quarters plus give closing 
comments. 

John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mike. As you can tell from Mike's comments, we continue to be bullish about our prospects going forward. 
While somewhat disappointed in the slow growth of bookings over the past two quarters, we are anticipating a strong 
fourth quarter of bookings based on the current high activity levels and the number of projects that we're very close to 
closing at the end of the third quarter. 

Since we will be raising production levels next year including our 40% increase in shovel capacity coming fully online 
in the second half of the year, we expect to see good, strong revenue growth through the year with the probable 
exception of the first quarter where we will be comparing to a very strong first quarter in 2006. When you couple our 
capabilities with the demand we see, we expect our revenues in the next 12 months will be between 2.65 and $2.95 
billion. 

We do expect to continue to successfully manage our operations, to improve supply chain performance, to do a better 
job of working capital management, and to recover material cost increases with price realization over the next 12 
months so that our operating profit should be in the range of 470 to $550 million. In turn, this level of operating profit 
should result in $2.60 to $2.95 EPS, given our current book tax and share count assumptions. 

I think we have talked long enough and, Audrey, I would like now turn it over to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Gallo with CL King. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - John Hanson>: Good morning, Mike. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: A question on China and the order rates over there and where those are coming from, are you 
seeing that coming more from existing customers or are you seeing an increase in the conversion of – to Western 
equipment of additional customers and do you expect that to accelerate going forward? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi Mike, this is Mike Sutherlin, in fact all three. We are seeing the continued strong order 
rate from our principal customer there, Shenhua. They are continuing to expand their mining operations. They have 
acquired new mining properties in the adjacent provinces and are beginning to invest in those. And they are now 
beginning to look at what they call low seam – what we would call mid-seam mining applications. And so that is a 


whole new range of equipment sets that they are looking at for those applications. So Shenhua continues to grow at a 
very significant and consistent rate. 

The number of customers that are coming out for tenders for Western equipment over the last couple of years has 
increased from 4 to 17, so we have seen a pretty strong proliferation in new customers going out for Western 
equipment and bypassing the China-made equipment. We have also seen some private equity participation in the China 
market both indirectly but we have also seen a new company that has started up in mining and they are coming out of 
an unrelated industrial product industry and they decided that going into mining was a new opportunity for them. So we 
are seeing pretty much of a broadening of the customer base in the China market. 

And then what I believe is one of our most significant growth factors going forward is the closure of all the small 
township mines that have been the source of all the safety reports and fatalities that we hear about. The government has 
been consistently closing those and they are now starting to allow the large mining companies to go in and acquire 
those properties and they are just going to turn those over into new mining operations. They're looking at those as 
reserve additions. They're not going to try to mine the existing areas but they'll just start over, sink a shaft, and start 
new mining operations. And that will convert these small township mines into larger mining complexes, and we believe 
that is also an opportunity to expand the use of room and pillar operating equipment in China as they operate and mine 
near and around and sometimes under the township area. 

So the China market continues to look very strong for us. It looks to be a broadening and maturing market and we are 
starting to see a wider range of equipment applications that are going into China at this point. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay, great. I just want to turn to the US a little bit. Obviously, you have seen a little bit of 
slowing in orders during the last couple of quarters. I was wondering – your outlook now, I mean do you think we'll 
have to go through a relatively mild winter – or excuse me, a relatively normal winter in order to see a reacceleration in 
the orders? Do you expect it to start to pick up now anyway as spot coal pricing improves a little bit? What is your 
thought there? Are we three to six months away before you see any major reacceleration or are you starting to see more 
inquiries from the US coal companies? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I'll separate that into two segments as well. We have seen some softness, particularly in the 
delay of plans from the smaller operators. These guys are usually operating in more difficult mining conditions. They 
probably don't have the sophistication to manage the permitting process and they are quite happy to let those projects 
run on delay right now with the uncertainty of spot coal prices. 

The major customers, however, have longer term plans. They have longer term projects and we have asked them and 
we have gone through the issue with them on numerous occasions. They continue to reiterate that they are sticking to 
their long term outlook and they're making investments for what they believe the coal price is going to be in 2009 – 
2010, not what it is going to be in 2007. So we see the continued strength in the market with the major customers. We 
see a little bit of backing off by the marginal, if you will, second and third-tier customers as they sort of wait out the 
current market pricing. 

We have seen an increased burn at power plants because of the extremely hot summer conditions in the latter part of 
the summer and the burn rates are up and the coal burn is up and so that is beginning to put some pressure on raising 
prices, and certainly a mild winter would delay probably the smaller guys. A strong winter would probably accelerate 
their reentry into the equipment acquisition phase, but I don't think it is going to change the outlook of the majors. They 
seem to be pretty determined to look for the long term and be prepared for what they believe is a long up-cycle. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks, Mike. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss with Lehman Brothers. 


<Q>: Hi guys, it's Henry Kirn in for Joel today. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Henry. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning, Henry. 

<Q>: Question on the pricing in the backlog, how does the pricing in the backlog today compare to what we might 
have seen a year ago or a couple of quarters ago? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good question, Henry. We typically don't talk about pricing a whole lot, Henry, and we won't 
here. I think what you have seen is a continual performance on the part of both Joy and P&H to increase their overall 
gross profit margins. That has been done through a combination of factors, as John mentioned in his comments that we 
expect to continue to be able to get price realization. 

We have done a good job of controlling all types of overhead costs and I think that overall I haven't seen anything in 
the backlog, Henry, that would say that the pricing is really inconsistent with anything over the last two or three 
quarters. And so it is a matter of continuing to make sure that we can get price realization for those material costs that 
we do incur, controlling our other costs so that we can in fact continue to drive gross profit margins. 

<A - John Hanson>: I think, Henry, if you were to look at say today's backlog to the backlog a year ago to the backlog 
a year before that, clearly the prior year change was driven by much, much greater changes in material cost, particularly 
steel and steel related products, so that you would see in the last 12 months a much smaller change than you would 
from a year ago. 

Understand, it is a difficult question for us to answer always because virtually all of our equipment is customized. We 
don't have the advantage that people do who are producing widgets and can look at 1,000 units in backlog today versus 
1,000 units in backlog a year ago that were exactly the same pieces of equipment, the same bill of materials, the same 
engineering designs, and the like. So we have to really rely more on the sense of what does realization look like and 
how have we done that, recapturing basically the cost changes, which for the last couple of years have been driven 
mostly by material. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I'll just jump here for the last part of this. But to reiterate what I think John's earlier 
comment that as our margins are getting up to really pretty healthy levels, our equipment margins, we have the ability 
to continue to get positive price realization but not by significant amounts. We pretty much are going to keep a little bit 
ahead of our cost increases but we don't have a lot of gain to get in raising prices and margins – not raising prices, but 
raising margins from where they are right now. We are quoting pretty good margins on our equipment. 

I will say that the backlog has fewer surprises in it than it did a couple of years ago. We worked through some older 
contracts and some existing commitments that we had in backlog. And as we have worked the price realization side we 
have gotten -- for a given product category, we have gotten more consistent pricing in backlog today than we would've 
had a year or two ago. 

<Q>: Okay, thanks, that's pretty helpful. I guess in terms of the share repurchase plans and the use of cash, the strong 
cash flows getting generated going forward, are there thoughts in terms of re-upping or coming out with a new share 
repurchase plan or how should we think of cash going forward? 

<A - John Hanson>: I think we have clearly said over the last few years that we are very much committed to returning 
cash to shareholders. I think while there was maybe some skepticism a year ago as to how aggressively we were going 
to do that, I think that should be gone from most people's thinking today. And we will continue that drive. 

I think, as you heard from our comments today our outlook, whether it is the markets we serve, whether it is the 
competitive environment, whether it is our customers' direction, is all pretty consistent today. And so I think you can 
expect that we're going to continue to drive to return cash to shareholders over time. We are getting very close to the 
end of our current program and authorization and obviously we will be revisiting with our Board of Directors precisely 
what to do next and when we have decided that, we will obviously let you know. 


<Q>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks, Henry. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek with Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Mark. 

<A - John Hanson>: Good morning, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Mike had a comment during the market discussion that he sees growth over the next several 
years and obviously you've rolled out your twelve month outlook where there's pretty healthy revenue growth. But can 
you be more specific about the outlook beyond that? Obviously I'm sure you won't be able to discuss real specific 
numbers but can you give us something that can give us a sense of how long this cycle could last across some of the 
key commodities? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I would love to be able to do that but I'd probably do that from my home on a private island 
somewhere in the Pacific if I knew that answer. The reality is that we are seeing strong planning activity on the part of 
our customers and there's planning projects that are going out as far as 2011. And that activity is improving as 
customers realize the need to plan for longer horizons rather than wait until the last minute to make their equipment 
decisions. So to say that everything is filled out to 2011 would be an incorrect statement but we are seeing longer term 
horizon on – in some commodities. We are seeing projects that are being paced out and customers consistently talking 
about 2008 and 2009 projects. 

And so all that gives us a lot of confidence that our customers are looking at the long term of this industry. Certainly 
their capital expansion programs continue to suggest that they are investing in the long term outlook for the industry as 
well. So beyond that, it's all speculative and it's all planning and discussions that are highly subject to change. So we 
just see a very positive outlook for the long term. We think that our original equipment order outlook is very strong 
right now. And I think as John has mentioned in the past about the whalebacks, we just sort of continue to see that kind 
of market outlook ahead. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay, then more specific to the operations in the near term, with P&H bookings up pretty 
sharply here compared to last quarter, that suggests that you're able to sell your capacity expansion that's coming online 
next year. Is that correct or do you have to wait until that actually starts up to be able to market those slots? 

<Q - John Hanson>: Mark, we've been really doing that since we first laid out the plan. We look at our production 
schedules in terms of slots across our businesses and we lay that out over a very substantial period of time and identify 
prospects, identify projects, talk to customers about the specifics of their timing and what it's likely to be, because 
ultimately, as you know from our earlier discussions, what we don't want to do is to have sharp changes in our output, 
our production rates. When we do that, our costs quite honestly go to hell. And so we're really always looking out, 
trying to make certain that we know what we can support and sustain. That's why you heard this morning a couple of 
times we talked with a lot of confidence that our production rates next year are going to be higher than they are today. 
And we are confident of that based on the outlook that we have from customers. Some of that is orders on the books; 
some of it is customer commitments that aren't yet reflected in orders and some of those are projects in which we're 
actively talking to customers about where they're going to need deliveries. 

I think in all honesty the higher P&H bookings that we see this quarter as an example, again more reflect lumpiness 
than they do any dramatic change. Our outlook, our activity levels over the last few quarters have not changed that 
dramatically. They do continue to go up and they tend to get more positive but the lumpiness in terms of the order rates 
more just reflect specific activities, specific projects that come to fruition around the schedules that customers have for 
those particular projects. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Mark, as we – as this capacity expansion of P&H starts to come online and some machines 
have started up and others will be starting up here in the fourth quarter, but as that happens and we get to the point 
where that additional capacity is closer at hand, we certainly are seeing the customer preference for P&H equipment. 
Where the lead time differentials are extreme, some of that preference can be executed but where the lead times are 
competitive, then we continue to see strong preference for P&H equipment and that – that's the area we're going into 
now, as that new capacity expansion comes online and gets into our planning base at P&H. That's probably one of the 
reasons we continue to emphasize the need to continue expanding capacity to keep those lead times competitive. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay, and one final one here is that an obvious observation is what has occurred with the 
stock price over the last two to three months, and one of the clear conclusions is that there is some concern in the 
market environment about what happens if we are in a commodity bubble and that bubble for whatever reason happens 
to contract. Can you review the specific experience you have had with order cancellation and your confidence in the 
order book currently? 

<A - John Hanson>: Yes, Mark. Number one, cancellations are relatively – well, the heck with relatively, are very rare 
in either of our businesses and that occurs for principally two reasons. One is that typically projects that involve new 
capacity lead to low cost operations for our end users. And number two, they have made a very, very significant 
investment, sometimes as much as 80% of the total investment in the mine before they acquire the production 
equipment. And so once those projects are underway and you get to the point of actually specifying a particular product 
or set of products which are customized for a very specific application, it's very unusual for people to back away or to 
stop those projects. Usually, it happens only in the case of bankruptcy or consolidation or something like that. In the 
past, the few times we have had cancellations, they usually work to our favor. They work to our favor in the sense that 
we end up being able to resell them and do so at very healthy prices. So we are pretty confident of the fact that our 
backlog and the activity that we see is pretty solid. 

The other thing that quite honestly helps is that, particularly in the larger projects, we tend to have cancellation policies 
that also encourage the customers to follow through in the sense that they may have to pay such a significant portion of 
the cost of the product or may have already paid it at some time where they might change their plans that it really 
serves as a strong incentive not to. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay, great. Thanks for that. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Bleustein of UBS. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Good morning. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning, David. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Just to clarify, in your press release you said in addition in some instances customers have 
delayed or deferred the placement of new orders for original equipment but nobody has delayed or deferred an already 
placed order. Is that what I just think I heard you say? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yes, I think we had -- actually one exception. We had an order where a mine was not able to close 
on a mining permit. And they in fact were going to require a significant amount of time to reprocess that permit and so 
have looked to reschedule that out. Other than that, existing orders move around a fair amount. It's not unusual, I think 
as I've said on these calls before, very often if our customers are not ready to actually put a piece of equipment 
underground, as an example, they don't want to have it delivered to site. When it's onsite, it is just subject to all kinds of 
negative outcomes, either robbing of parts or weather induced issues or the like. So the movement of deliveries is not at 
all uncommon. It's part of the lumpiness we referred to in our revenue results or activities but that's all. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We did get some deferral of the delivery schedules on some underground equipment that 
was scheduled to go into one of the mines that was shut down for a fire earlier in the year. That equipment was delayed 


until they got past the safety inspections and the mine started back up. And we are currently in process of delivering 
that backlog now. So it was an unusual set of circumstances, a reasonable basis for deferring the delivery of equipment 
and the customer has taken that equipment today. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay, how significant an issue is permitting in the Appalachians? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: It's real difficult for the second and third tier customers because they don't have the 
sophistication to work through the permitting process. The Corps of Engineers has a – they've been under a lot of 
scrutiny and they've tightened up their part of the process and they are watching the details of the documentation. They 
are scrutinizing the applications a lot closer now and that makes it more difficult and so you need a reasonable amount 
of expertise in understanding the process, getting the permit application correct upfront to streamline that process, and 
some of the smaller guys that don't have the sophistication are having difficulty doing that. So we're seeing most of the 
delays associated with the smaller guys. 

The majors don't seem to be having any noticeable problem. There is always an odd exception based upon individual 
circumstances but in general the majors know how to do that. The smaller guys are struggling at this point. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay, and then my question is this. You mentioned that you expect orders to pick up. If we 
were going to ballpark them, should we expect orders to average around 650 million per quarter for the next four 
quarters, more in line with your forecast revenue growth rate? 

<A - John Hanson>: I wouldn't know how to handicap that, David. I will tell you we do expect revenues to grow and 
so obviously for that to happen, orders have to grow or we would see a significant reduction in our backlog. We don't 
anticipate that and I think trying to peg exactly what that order growth would be given the lumpiness of some of the 
large projects we're looking at would be hard to speculate on. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Although, David, if you want to separate revenue streams that Mike Sutherlin was talking about 
on the aftermarket side, you can expect Mike's comments regarding aftermarket revenue growth to be very closely tied 
in with orders because of the very short delivery time. I agree with John wholeheartedly. You get on the original 
equipment side and it gets really, really lumpy. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Right, but I am really looking for a four-quarter average. I mean if you look at your prior four 
quarters – well, think about it. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Would you like it rounded to the nearest million or more precise? David, it's... 

<A - John Hanson>: We have not and will not forecast orders. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Well, here is the issue, right, if you look at your trailing four quarter orders, you're looking at 
about 2.4 billion of orders. If you add 150 million for Stamler, then you get 2.55 billion of total orders plus Stamler and 
you are at the middle – the midpoint of your revenue guidance is significantly higher. The question I really have is 
when do you need to start booking those orders in order to feel confident in your forecast or are you totally confident in 
it already? 

<A - John Hanson>: We are pretty confident already. In fact, I believe if we were – and I am not saying this will 
happen because I don't believe it will, but if our orders were to be flat in that range, we have more than ample backlog 
to support this revenue guidance for this year. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: As John mentioned too, we are very pleased with the activity around orders here early in the 
fourth quarter. We've seen quite a bit of activity around numerous order prospects and our guys are expecting the book 
those in the fourth quarter. So it is – that adds to our confidence level as well. It is part of the lumpiness factor but 
certainly being on the positive side of the lumpiness factor is always a good thing. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: All right, thanks a bunch. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks, David. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi. It's Barry, how are you? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Barry. Is that Stifel or Stifel? 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Stifel Nicolaus it is. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thank you, sir. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And Barry Bannister is the game. Let's see. I want to ask you a question about your growth. 
When I look at your bookings, they were only about 3% above the four quarter average. Your backlog has been dead 
flat at 1.1 billion for four quarters. Dave asked you about backlog burn and when the orders commence. But keep in 
mind that you faced a very easy comparison this quarter in orders. It was your only negative comp a year ago and in the 
fourth quarter you were up 20% a year ago. So even if you do highs 6s this quarter, it's not going to be much of a 
comparison versus 654 last year. Your EPS guidance is only at the midpoint of the existing consensus. So at what point 
do you need to see, based on the burn rate of the backlog, orders in the 7s to avoid that 1.1 – 1.0 billion backlog start to 
come down? 

<A - John Hanson>: Well, Barry, I think the first thing I would say is it is our objective to have that backlog come 
down. And I think as Mike was talking earlier in the call, what we really want to do to be successful over the long term 
of this cycle is to get our lead times in that 12 months or less range. And so to do that, it would not be a bad thing to 
have backlog come down. Now, in fact, I think what's going to happen is that we're going to see increasingly more and 
more longer term projects and so we may in fact see the other outcome. 

As we continue to go forward and the booking numbers come back and – come up, and this is the issue why I think 
we're so reluctant to play with the numbers specifically with you, so much depends on what are the nature of the orders 
we get. If we get an order that's spread out multiple units over two or three years, that has one impact both in terms of 
backlog and in terms of its impact in near term revenues. If we get an order for a significant number of pieces of 
equipment to be delivered in close succession, you have a different kind of impact. 

And so as we've said before I think on these calls, from the standpoint of managing the business, we don't pay much 
attention to backlog. What we're much more concerned with is what is the outlook in terms of specific projects and 
slots and activities that we see going forward and I think what we've tried to express on this call is a fairly high level of 
confidence that we are going to see more than enough orders over the next 12 months to support the guidance that we 
gave from a revenue standpoint. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, Barry, I think there are a couple of ways that you can look at the current order rate. 
One is that we did get a decent order rate here in the third quarter despite very soft order rates from the US coal sector. 
And so, if you say, well, if the US coal sector comes back, what's that going to do to the order rate? Well, it's going to 
be a positive impact on that order rate. So you can look at it from that standpoint. 

The other aspect is we really do believe that lead times can influence order rates as well and that there are opportunities 
with better lead times to improve the order intake. We know that we – on the aftermarket, we know that we continue to 
lose some rebuilds to third-party competitors because our lead times are longer and as we reduce those lead times, we'll 
bring those back in-house. So we have the opportunity to use the increase in our shipping capacity to improve the order 
intake rate rather than the other way around. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Yes, I guess my comment would be that if backlog follows a ballistic path over a cycle, the 
investors are really more interested in when you see the peak even if your margins rise and your deliverable earnings 
increase and the other side of that curve you're going to see multiple compression on the backside. And so you are 
actually saying that you think the backlog in the next year would peak and then start turning down? 


<A - Donald Roof>: No, not at all, Barry. What I think you heard in Mike Sutherlin's comments earlier is that we do 
not see – and in the press release, we do not see that peak. We do not see a peak in demand for equipment and 
aftermarket services from our customers. And so no, I think we have not seen that at all nor can see it at this point. 

<A - John Hanson>: And what you heard me say, Barry, what I was expressing was the fact that we would not be 
disappointed if we got our order lead times down to the order of 12 months because that would mean that our service 
levels to our customers were a lot closer to where we wanted them. That might or might not result in a change in 
backlog and it would certainly not reflect whether there was or was not a peak. It would more reflect our progress in 
driving up our realizable capacity. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And then just one last thing and I'll get off, there has been a global push towards nuclear. I 
have studied some of the history on coal approvals and even the strongest miners take years to get approval for new 
mines basing the opposition of the environmental lobby. And of course, Europe is shrinking its coal sector. China is 
desperately trying to clean up their existing capacity pre-Olympics. I agree with you, surface minerals looks good but 
why are you optimistic about the long term growth of the coal in the – let's focus on the short term in the 2007 
timeframe? It just seems like you're going to have a bit of a pregnant pause here before things really get hot enough and 
the end users of electricity pay up for electricity prices before they approve new coal mines and enable you to grow as 
much as you say. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Barry, I think you have to – let's take the US sector for an example. We continue to believe 
that coal is the primary and most viable source for baseload power generation for the foreseeable future. When I say 
foreseeable, I am talking about 10 – 15 years. Gas prices are going to stay high and volatile. Nuclear is going to be long 
in the permitting and long in the construction processes, probably siting of those nuclear facilities is going to be very, 
very difficult. And we just don't see any nuclear power anytime soon. So we're real strong on coal. We see our 
customers and their customers and those plans continue to get back to coal-fired baseload power. 

We also see the emergence of coal conversion technologies and right now in the United States refining capacity is at 
100% and somebody's got to spend capital. And the question is are you going to spend it on increasing your refining 
capacity in conventional oil refining or are you going to spend it on coal conversion. We're seeing a tremendous 
amount of movement toward coal conversion technologies around the world. In the longer term and beyond that, you 
have fuel cell technology and the need to generate hydrogen and again, coal plays an important role in that. So you look 
at all those phases of the evolution of the coal industry and you continue to see reasons why we think that the demand 
for the product is going to continue to be strong. Now there will be – nothing is linear and no up cycle is going to be 
linear through the longer period but there is more than just the current demand that we're looking at and there is more 
than just the near term that continues to make us very confident that the outlook is strong. And our customers continue 
to behave the same way. They continue to make investments on the same basis. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Thanks. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks, Barry. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Charlie. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Can you talk in regards to China and your 500 million by 2010 stated goal? In your comments 
on the call, you have these 6,000-plus mines that are basically using no mechanical activity and hold the vast majority 
of reserves in China and now you're mentioning comments saying you're seeing maybe some of the larger tier one 
companies acquiring those assets to build out their own reserve base and develop those down the road. Is that factored 
into your 500 million or it seems to me that if you had the vast majority of those reserves converted over into tier one 


companies, you would perhaps beyond 2010 exceed that 500 million goal you have. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, it's a good observation, Charlie, and I think you're right that conversion of those 
township mines is not factored into the 500 million. However, it also is very early in the conversion process. We have 
seen some – a couple of customers acquire properties. We've yet to see any shafts being sunk. We know that that's 
going to happen. But the reality is that the majority of that growth impact is probably going to occur toward the back 
end of that 2010 time period rather than the front end. So as a result of it, it will have an impact. It won't have a 
significant impact on the number but it will have I think a major impact on the momentum from 2010 going forward, so 
we'll start to see some of that in probably 2007 and 2008 and we will build a little momentum but at relatively low 
levels. But I think it will be the next wave that will carry us from 2010 and beyond. And so that is an important factor. 

It's not so easy. A lot of these township mines have used very inefficient methods to mine but they have also had no 
mine engineering. So in some cases, they have sterilized reserves. They have done things that make it a little bit more 
complicated for the new mine operations to get started. It takes a little bit of upfront work to make sure that you have 
sited the shafts and you've laid out the mine plan to work around what some of the current operations have sterilized or 
some of the reserves that they have created problems with. So it is out there. It will be a real positive impact but more 
toward the second half of that next five years than the first half and probably more of a momentum factor going beyond 
that. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Thanks and just – I know you don't talk specifically on pricing but on the shovel side in past 
conference calls, you folks have talked about a little bit pricing trends and it sounds as though maybe the pricing on 
shovels has improved even beyond say the past one to two quarters. And you have had a competitor of yours with 
actually big numbers that seem to be a little bit higher than what you have stated. Any comment to that as far as pricing 
on the shovels in particular? 

<A - Donald Roof>: You know, let me take a stab at it first, Charlie, this is Don. Two things, one is we won't comment 
on a competitor. I don't disagree with your conclusion that their statements might have been higher than what – any that 
we have made. Shovels probably would be more affected than some of the other product lines in the original equipment 
side from the thing that John mentioned when we were talking about backlog and pricing in the backlog, a much higher 
steel content in those mining shovels. And so the effect of steel and steel-related costs probably on the mining shovels 
was greater than on some of our other products and so selling prices might have been more heavily affected back in 
those '04 – '05 type time periods than on some of our other products. I don't know, John, if you want to add anything to 
that. 

<A - John Hanson>: No. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: It's probably a good time to reiterate that we do not book backlog on our marked contracts. 
So often those shovels will be sold with an associated [inaudible] contract that we do not book backlog on and I don't 
know whether that influences the comparison of our numbers or not. 

<A - Donald Roof>: You might be right. Yes, on some of the prices per unit that are given out, Charlie, as far as 
whether they include or exclude those long term maintenance contracts. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: That's right, that's an important factor. And just in your capacity with that coming on in '07, 
your comments – you obviously, since you laid out the plan, have been looking at taking orders in that capacity. What 
about beyond '07? And you talk about these major miners looking out to what spot coal price is going to be in '09 and 
2010. Are any orders being taken beyond the '07 timeframe right now? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We are booking into 2008, particularly on the mining shovels. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Okay. 

<A - John Hanson>: Keep in mind also that when we talk about orders, we are talking about a very rigorous process 
that we go through. Very often, we may take an order for – and I will use shovels as an example – for two shovels, 


maybe delivery for one in '07 and one in '08. But at the same time, we may commit some slots, if you will, or at least 
plan some slots for that same customer for shovels three, four, and five; maybe another in late '08 and one in '09 and 
one in '10. And so there is a lot of that kind of planning that goes on, particularly around the larger projects, because it 
often takes some real time to put these mines together, particularly new mines. 

We were talking with a customer here over the course of the last couple of weeks that is going to open a new mining 
complex and they are talking about overburden removal for several years before they reach their first removal of ore. 
And obviously, that kind of thing takes place in steps and you have to build infrastructure and you have to build 
capability over an extended period of time. So you just have to keep in mind this process is a fairly dynamic one. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We actually would prefer not to book those long term orders, those subsequent pieces of 
equipment, because it gets very complicated with escalation clauses and protecting our cost increases and making sure 
we get full margins. And all other things being equal, if a customer buys a shovel from us with a plan to install five 
shovels at the mine, we would rather that they need a second, third, fourth, and fifth be bought at the right time so we 
could price them accordingly. 

We also have customers that do – we do a lot of planning with the customers. And we have in some cases even on 
rebuilds, we have those planned on paper. There is no firm order commitment. Those are planned on paper out as far as 
five years. So we get a lot of visibility of what our customers are doing. It gives us a lot of confidence in the market 
going forward. And we prefer not to book out beyond our current lead times and deal with the inflation/escalation 
clauses and have to negotiate – try to negotiate that to our protection of those contracts. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Okay, thanks. Just one final question, shares outstanding at the end of the quarter, did I hear 
you correctly, 119 million? 

<A - Donald Roof>: As of the end of the third quarter correct, 119 and change. We have, as I mentioned, some 
additional repurchases so far here in the fourth quarter so that we're just in excess of 5 million shares now of total 
repurchase, Charlie. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Thanks very much, guys. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Baird. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Good morning, gentlemen. 

<A - John Hanson>: Good morning, Rob. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I just – with all this talk about orders might do this, might do that, what backlog could do, I 
just want to make sure that my net takeaway is in line with the message you're trying to convey. What I am hearing is 
that although you face some short term issues in North American underground coal, you remain confident in your 
ability to sustain order increases with a return to more normal conditions in the North American or the US underground 
coal market representing upside to those expectations. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yes. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: That's exactly right. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, thanks. My English is a little rusty, so I'm hoping you could help me with a little 
translation, Don. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Oh no. 


<Q - Robert McCarthy>: On the first page of your release, you say you had a very good quarter at P&H for shovel 
orders that exceeded current production capacity. Is that current production capacity on an annual basis? 
<A - Donald Roof>: Correct. 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, no, sorry, Rob, on a quarterly basis. 
<A - Donald Roof>: On a quarterly basis. P&H's current capacity is approximately 17 shovels annually. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, and so you did better than four in a quarter. 
<A - Donald Roof>: That is correct. 


<A - John Hanson>: And we seldom sell fractional machines. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Well, that's good, I guess. And then you go on to say later in the release that you expect to 
receive orders for new mining shovels in excess of capacity over the next few quarters. So what you're trying to convey 
is you think you are at the leading edge of a period where shovel backlog is going to be steadily rising. 


<A - John Hanson>: Yes, that's true. We believe that shovel backlog will rise. The order prospects look very strong 
right now. We are working on a number of projects that are multiple machine projects. So we are very confident in the 
shovel order bookings. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: With the exception of maybe even the likely case of shifting a delivery slot around for a 
customer or something like that, have you sold out your '07 shovel production schedule? 
<A - Donald Roof>: Yes. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And could you share with us how much of '08 has been sold? 
<A - Donald Roof>: No. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And I'm wondering... 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We are not finished adding capacity to '08 so it's hard to tell at this point. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I understand, and related to that – that's a great segue, Mike – I am wondering, can you 
share with us or give us an idea of timing when we might hear about a decision on what you're going to do about the 
next step of capacity expansion in the – at P&H? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We would – in all likelihood that would be a decision that we would review with the Board 
preliminarily in September and probably make a final recommendation in November. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: So within a couple of quarters, we ought to be hearing something. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: That's right. 
<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, and then I just had a couple smaller technical questions to follow up other stuff. Is 
there any way for you to ballpark at all how much business that falls in this characterization of having been deferred? 
Are we talking about just a few tens of millions of dollars of business, or is it even more incidental than that? 


<A - John Hanson>: Yeah. It's probably even more incidental than that – I would say with the exception of one 


shovel. 
<A - Donald Roof>: What we have – I think Rob's talking more – Rob, let us clarify here. I think you're referring more 
to the statement that OE US orders in the third quarter were slow due to delays and deferrals on the part of customers in 
placing new orders. 


<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Yes, Don, I should have been more clear. 



<A - Donald Roof>: Okay, so I'll go back and agree with Mr. Hanson's comment. That would be in the tens of 
millions. That's correct. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: What we're seeing in the US market, I believe that we have a strong appetite for equipment. 
We've seen – the equipment we've delivered to date added to the fleet but we haven't seen very much replacement. So 
we have a lot of old machines still working in the fleet. And they've gone through one more rebuild cycle. So now 
they've made the investment and they still have a year to use those machines before they have to make that next rebuild 
decision, or a year or two. And so I think that's going to drive demand and we will see the return with better pricing and 
better demand returning with weather back to normal. We'll see the next year operation come back to the market. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And Mike, correct me if I'm wrong, but that is something that could change pretty rapidly, 
right? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I think that's right, yes. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: A matter of a few months? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, I don't think that these guys – they respond pretty quickly. They have responded on the 
downside pretty quickly and I think they'll respond on the upside pretty quickly. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Thanks, and just in terms of making sure our expectations are set correctly, do you feel like 
you saw a full quarter impact of this dynamic on your incoming order rates in the quarter? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: On the original equipment, yes. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Yeah, okay. And then my last one was – it might have gotten overlooked. There was a brief 
comment about the revenue outlook specifically for the first quarter of '07 and the difficult comparison. I was checking 
notes. I'm looking at a surge in roof support business in this year's first quarter. That is the primary reason why the 
revenue comparison will be difficult. Is that right, Don? 

<A - Donald Roof>: I think it's really a combination. It was – Joy Mining did have a very strong first quarter in 2006 
but I don't think it was solely roof supports. They just had a very high quarter that was not indicative of our normal 
quarterly pattern. And so what John's – in John's comment, Rob, was to make sure that when you're looking at those 
four quarters outlook for his increased revenue guidance of that 16 to 29%, be careful on that first quarter. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: But there was a certain amount of product that was in effect available for shipment that kind 
of slopped over into a quarter when – I mean your first quarter, your production rates are pretty low with holidays. 

<A - John Hanson>: Yes, right. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: There was a roof support order that came here in the US that was a big part of that factor. It 
actually shipped virtually the last day of a quarter and we pulled... 

<A - John Hanson>: And it was scheduled to ship... 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: And we pulled it forward by a few weeks to get it into the first quarter, not because we were 
trying to dress up the first quarter revenues, but the customer had a timeline that we were working to and we were 
really working pretty hard on meeting his timing expectations. He asked us to advance the delivery to meet his mine 
schedule. So that did get pulled from the second to the first quarter. It got just over the line into the first quarter and is a 
factor on the lumpiness of the first quarter and the strength of this year's first quarter versus what we would normally 
expect to see in 2007's first quarter. 

<A - John Hanson>: And I think as I recall, Mike, also we had really good unit volume shipments across almost all of 
the product lines and it just – it was kind of one of those perfect storms. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: That never happens, right? 


<A - John Hanson>: Right, but we had some stuff that didn't quite make the end of the fourth quarter that we got in. 
We had customers who were really pressing for equipment to meet their own mine plans and expansions at the time. It 
was just one of those things that all fell into place. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Thanks for all your time, guys. You have been very generous. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, thanks, Rob. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber with Banc of America. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Hi. Good afternoon at this point. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good afternoon, Seth. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Hi, Seth. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: It strikes me that we didn't spend as much time on this call talking about the supply chain issues 
that we did versus last quarter. Can we infer from that that you are more satisfied with the quality and the efficiency of 
the supply chain? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We are getting much better on both quality and efficiency of the supply chain. We have got 
more parts flow into the system and that's becoming less of an issue. There are always a few little things we work 
through. But the supply chain is not the monumental problem it was a couple of quarters ago. That doesn't mean to say 
that we are home free here because we are working at the limit of our realizable capacity. So as we bump right up to the 
edge of that and try to push that boundary forward, we are constantly in a situation where every late delivery or every 
return for a quality problem is an unrecoverable delay. And so we will continue to have problems with supply chain 
against our expectation although we will continue to improve our quarter-over-quarter production capacity. So the 
supply chain issues are getting – are mostly behind us, I think. We have a few exceptions, but those have been 
manageable to date. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay, and just a bigger picture question following up on some of the secular commodity type 
comments you have made. Is there a view – do you guys have a view on the consolidation that's been going on among 
your customers as to how that could long term affect the nature of the business from your side? 

<A - John Hanson>: I think as we look at consolidation and you have to recognize it has been going on now for 20 
years or more across the industry, what we find is that generally the result of consolidation is customers that are bigger, 
more sophisticated, more focused on performance, and that has two effects. Number one is it makes them much more 
sensitive to price and so they come at us pretty hard on the one hand. On the other hand, it makes them far more 
sensitive to value. And that's where we tend to shine because what we do provide through our Life Cycle Management 
strategies is high levels of availability, reliability, productive capacity, the things that ultimately allow them to generate 
higher returns. So all things considered, while consolidation usually involves some short term disruption as things get 
replanned, refocused, reallocated, whatever, it is generally good for us in the long term. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: As I said, I think you're seeing in the United States some consolidation among our 
customers' customers and the consolidation – there will be some more pressure throughout the industry to consolidate. 
But we do very, very well with the major customers. We have the type of equipment and aftermarket services that they 
value. We are able to translate that, not only from East to West but from North America to other regions of the world 
and give them consistent performance. And so the consolidation actually I think is very favorable for us. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Okay. Thanks very much, guys. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks, Seth. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fogarty with DuPont Capital. 

<Q - Kevin Fogarty>: Hi, gentlemen. Just a couple of follow-up questions on your capacity, your shovel capacity 
specifically. Number one, I am wondering as you get closer to this decision in November, you mentioned that backlog 
may rise on the shovels. I am wondering how could you decide not to increase capacity if you want to reduce your lead 
times to your customer. That's number one and then number two, what is your payback time? You mentioned $17 
million for seven or eight production slots; that's 2 million a slot. What is your payback time on that investment? And 
going forward if you decide to add more capacity, how much more? I am sure the 2 million per slot was the cheapest 
way to go in the short run. How much incrementally do you think it is going to cost you if you decide to add more 
capacity going forward on the shovel side? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I will give you – take that in a couple of segments on the shovel capacity. We will see 
backlogs in the mining shovels increase. Some of that is going to come from the fact that we are working on a number 
of prospects that involve multiple machines. We will increase capacity to maintain or to improve our lead times on 
electric mining shovels and give ourselves the ability to maintain order intake based upon the customer preference for 
our equipment. 

At the same time, we are just not inclined to build capacity that's sufficient to meet peak demand. So we looked out at 
what the demand profile looks like for the next four or five years and we want to level that out, if you will, not 
necessarily accommodate the peak. But we will try to level that out. That outlook for the shovel capacity over the next 
three to five years is continuing to improve and therefore we are driven to look at some capacity solutions. 

The $2 million per slot was the – and that's the lowest hanging fruit obviously and the payback on that is something 
around a year, maybe even less. We, going forward, will spend a little more, but I can assure you we are not going to 
spend the kind of dollars per capacity slot that you would expect if you built a new factory and fill it with new 
machines. I mean we are not going to be at the high end of that range. We're going to still look for cost effective ways 
to increase capacity and put ourselves in position where we have – we are the lowest cost producer on the backside of 
the cycle. So it's both managing the lead times and capacity on the upside of the cycle and positioning ourselves so we 
have the most cost-effective production on the backside of the cycle. We think those two things working together give 
us sustainable performance over the long run. 

<Q - Kevin Fogarty>: Okay, and given that your competitors are playing catch-up and they are increasing their 
capacity more aggressively percentage-wise than you are, I mean how do you feel about – does that pressure you given 
that it looks like your lead times are going to be difficult to really trim down in this current environment on the shovel 
side? 

<A - John Hanson>: We are not pressured by that because we're not going to get into a chase to build capacity. We do 
see – we have seen it from our own bookings performance that when there is a significant lead time differential, we 
begin to see a decline in the order intake rate coming to us. When that lead time differential gets more in line, we get 
back to a strong preference for P&H Mining shovels. We are going to try to manage the capacity so that the lead times 
aren't the fact that the customer uses in making the decision and we don't have to have better or even equal lead times to 
be able to do that. 

<Q - Kevin Fogarty>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We're trying to balance a lot of different boundaries here and provide the best overall 
solution and so we are not going to try to maximize one element of that alone. So just trying to beat the other guys on 
capacity isn't really the way we're going to make our decisions. 

<Q - Kevin Fogarty>: It just seems like capacity – the direction your competitors are going in is going to make it even 
more market shares from a capacity perspective. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, you wouldn't judge that from the order rates that we have seen here in the last quarter. 
For example, you wouldn't take away the conclusion that they will be able to even out the market. 

<A - John Hanson>: I think the other thing you have to keep in mind is that at least part of their rationale centers 
around an expectation of a rather robust replacement market for draglines. That may or may not come about but a lot of 
what they are adding in terms of capacity is really focused on that product line and it's just not a major focus of ours, in 
our case principally because we don't believe the opportunities are there and we don't believe the returns are adequate 
either. 

<Q - Kevin Fogarty>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: You are welcome, Kevin. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of Vincent Damasco with Sentinel Management. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Vincent, whoops. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Audrey, it sounds like Vincent might have been on hold. 

Operator 

At this time, there are no further questions. Are there any closing remarks? 

John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Yes, we really do appreciate everybody joining us. I apologize that we have been so long this morning but we did want 
to really try and provide a little bit more background around some of these longer term issues and our confidence in the 
long term nature of this cycle and I hope we have been able to do that. We will look forward to talking with everybody 
at our next quarterlies. We are going to have a fairly active fall with conferences and some visits to a variety of 
shareholders and we'll look forward to talking with many of you then. Thanks for joining us today. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's Joy Global third quarter earnings release. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


