Q2 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
• Michael W. Sutherlin, President and Chief Operating Officer, Joy Mining Machinery, Executive Vice President, Joy 
Global Inc. 
• John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Mark Koznarek 
• Barry Bannister 
• Michael Gallo 
• David Bleustein 
• Charles Brady 
• Robert McCarthy 
• Barry Haimes 
• V. Kent Green 
• Henry Kirn 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Jessica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the second quarter fiscal year 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent 
any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 
At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Don Roof, CFO of Joy Global. Please go ahead sir. 

Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Thank you Jessica. I would like to welcome everyone to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me this morning and 
speaking will be John Hanson, Chairman and CEO of Joy Global, as well as Mike Sutherlin. Mike runs the Joy Mining 
operation and has been designated as CEO upon John Hanson's retirement in 2007. In addition, in the room we have 
Mike Olsen. Mike is Senior Vice President of Finance for Joy Mining and will be reassuming the Chief Accounting 
Officer role along with Gene Fuhrmann, Corporate Controller and Vice President, and John Fons as General Counsel. 

Format this morning is going to be similar to prior quarters. I will start off with a summary review of financial 
highlights and results. Then, I will turn the call over to Mike Sutherlin for an update on market conditions and other 
matters, followed then by John Hanson addressing selected issues, our new twelve-month guidance, and then opening it 
up for questions and answer. 

Before I get started, I would like to refer both to the disclosures in our press release as well as our SEC filings. We will 
be making a number of forward-looking statements today. All statements that are made that are not historical facts 
involve risks and uncertainties. All statements are subject to change at any time and we might not update such 


statements. The statements are based on our current expectations. In addition to all of this, there are factors set out in 
the press release, our latest 10-K and 10-Q that could cause actual results to be significantly different from those 
contemplated. 

With that, let me discuss a few financial matters. I would like to start off with second quarter bookings and revenues. 
Total bookings in the second quarter came in just under $550 million. Aftermarket orders continued to reflect strength 
again this quarter, increasing by 18% over the second quarter of last year, which represents our 12th consecutive 
quarter of double digit increase in aftermarket orders. Unlike aftermarket orders in the quarter, however, original 
equipment orders continued to reflect their lumpiness and were lower in the quarter, particularly roof support orders at 
Joy Mining and shovel orders at P&H Mining. We continue to believe in the strength of the cycle, and in a couple of 
minutes you will hear Mike Sutherlin give you his thoughts on the conditions of our customers' markets, and then later, 
John will address future prospects in connection with our updated guidance. 

Revenues in the second quarter reflected the strong growth of recent quarters, increasing by 19% to a level of $560 
million. As with bookings, aftermarket revenue growth continues to be significant, increasing by 24% in the quarter, 
with strong performance in both parts and complete machine rebuilds. Aftermarket revenues comprised 65% of total 
sales in the second quarter, a large mix shift from quarter one when aftermarket revenues comprised only 54% of the 
total revenues in the first quarter. 

Next, I would like to turn to margins, operating leverage and incremental profitability. Gross margins in the second 
quarter were excellent, increasing from 29% last year to 33% in the current quarter. Much of this improvement was due 
to the mix of revenues in the quarter. Original equipment revenues reflected a significant decrease in roof support 
revenue and high levels of continuous minor shipments at Joy Mining. Aftermarket revenues were not only a higher 
percentage of total revenues, but we enjoyed a high percentage of part sales in the quarter with a favorable parts mix. 

In addition to the growth in gross profit margins, the second quarter saw continuation of the strong control over 
overhead costs, with SG&A costs falling to 14% of sales from 16% of sales in the second quarter last year. SG&A 
costs suffered from higher pension expense in the quarter but benefited from lower legal costs. SG&A costs were also 
reduced by currency translation effects in the quarter. On a net basis, the stronger dollar in the second quarter did 
reduce net operating income by just over $2 million versus a gain in the prior year quarter of just over 1 million. Other 
income in the quarter increased over last year by $3 million from the sale of excess assets. Finally, we continue to 
realize small amounts of reorganization income in the second quarter, with the current quarter being twice the level of 
last year at just over $5 million. 

Put all of this together and you end up with an incredibly high level of operating leverage in the quarter. Total operating 
income increased by 72% over last year to $110 million and amounted to almost 20% of sales. Incremental profitability 
was 53% of sales overall and in excess of 75% at Joy Mining. As we mentioned in the press release, this level of 
operating leverage was due to a combination of positive factors and should not be expected to repeat going forward. 

Finally, as many of you have inquired in past quarters, we are beginning to experience selected steel price increases. 
We do not anticipate that they will be significant, nor do we anticipate significant difficulty in recovering the effect of 
these increased costs. 

There are a couple of additional items I would like to briefly mention. Included in income tax expense in the second 
quarter was a credit of $6.3 million or 5 cents per share from the reversal of certain tax valuation reserves in Australia. 
We continue to expect our book tax rate for the full year to fall to the range of 33% to 34% before this credit. 
Additional tax valuation reserve credits will be realized at some point from the further reversal of the available reserves 
that the company has. However, the timing of these reversals cannot be determined at this point. 

Our cash balance has increased by $25 million in the quarter to a level of 175 million at quarter end. This increase 
occurred despite using $41 million of cash in the quarter to return to shareholders through the combination of dividends 
and stock buybacks as opposed only $9 million in the second quarter of last year. The cash increase was also restricted 
by a $46 million increase in net non-cash working capital. Of particular concern is the $55 million increase in inventory 
levels in the quarter and corresponding decrease in our inventory turnover ratio. 


Our efforts to maintain high service levels to our customers combined with continuing constraints in our supply chain 
and those caused by our capacity increases have all led to additional investments in inventory. We remained focused on 
the management of working capital and should see improvement in our inventory performance as the supply chain 
constraints are further resolved. 

During the second quarter both credit rating agencies upgraded Joy Global to investment grade status. As many of you 
know, this was a result of our decision five years ago to operate the company in a manner consistent with an investment 
grade tight balance sheet, and we appreciate the action on the part of the agency. We do hope that upgrades from the 
agencies continue as we continue to demonstrate the strength of Joy, both operationally and in the exercise of financial 
discipline which we have demonstrated over these past few years. 

Finally, we are seeing activity in fiscal 2006 under our $300 million stock buyback authorization. In addition to earlier 
repurchases, an additional 420,000 shares were repurchased during the second quarter, and we have bought 800,000 
shares subsequent to the end of the quarter. In total, we have acquired approximately 1.5 million shares at an average 
price for the entire program of approximately $56. 

With that, I will turn the call over to Mike Sutherlin. Mike? 

Michael W. Sutherlin, President and Chief Operating Officer, Joy Mining 
Machinery, Executive Vice President, Joy Global Inc. 

Thank you Don. Although the world economies continue to perform at very high levels, commodity prices have been 
extremely volatile since the first of this year. This volatility has been driven by two factors largely unrelated to industry 
fundamentals. First of all, spot prices have become increasingly volatile and supply and demand move into near 
balance. Secondly, we have recently seen the entry of speculative investment into the metals markets. There are some 
estimates that these funds currently account for over half the volume on the London Metal Exchange. There is no doubt 
that these hedge funds have contributed to the unsustainable rising commodity prices earlier this year and in that 
context the market adjustment over the past few weeks was not only inevitable but rational and needed. The commodity 
markets will remain in near balance for the next few years as supply is challenged to keep pace with demand. We can, 
therefore, expect repeated price volatility that often masks the true supply and demand situation. 

Looking at commodity fundamentals the U.S. spot coal prices have been under pressure as warm weather reduces 
power demand and allows some inventory replenishment for the first time in four years. Although little coal was 
actually traded on the sport market, these prices continued to soften and are down another 2 to 4% in the last month. 
However, weather is fickle and long-term outlook for power demand is to outpace supply. Supply will continue to be 
constrained by issues relating to permitting, skilled labor, geology, and mine safety. In addition, there is a continued 
reluctance to commit capital to new mines without long-term supply contracts, which continues to add rationality to the 
market. 

Continued strong economic performance in the emerging markets in the United States and improving outlooks for 
Europe and Japan will continue to drive high demand growth for energy. In the United States there are 90 gigawatts of 
coal-fired power generating capacity is scheduled to come online in the next several years. This will add 225 million 
tons to annual coal demand. China will bring on 80 gigawatts of coal-fired power online this year after adding 60 
gigawatts last year. India has now started to import thermal coal. As a result of the relatively high gas prices and in 
response to supply disruptions from Russia, coal burn in Europe was up 17% in 2005. Coal is becoming regarded as an 
inevitable fuel in Europe and they have 200 gigawatts of aging power capacity that will need to be replaced by 2020. 
As a result of these factors, turbine manufactures are predicting that coal-fired turbine orders will increase to 40% of 
total, while gas turbines will decline to 25%. 

Growth in copper consumption during 2005 was relatively flat at 1.8%. Surprisingly strong growth in the emerging 
markets was offset by weak industrial demand and inventory reductions in Japan, South Korea, North America and 
Europe. In 2006, growth in the emerging markets will continue and will be combined with demand recovery in the 


developed markets. We believe this combination will increase growth rates to the 5% range for 2006 through 2008. The 
supply side will be constrained. Copper production was essentially in balance in 2005 and inventories remained at 
historically low levels. Greenfield projects are limited and none are large. Even if all the proposed projects are 
competed on schedule, supply would go at less-than-forecasted demand. This will continue to put upward pressure on 
copper prices and production. 

Worldwide growth in steel production, largely driven by China, will keep iron ore demand growth at high levels. 
Announced greenfield projects are not enough to move iron ore into surplus for at least three more years. Strong 
demand combined with highly consolidated supply base will allow iron ore prices to increase 18 to 20% this year. 
Some of this will be at the expense of met coal producers who will give up 8%. This is a clear indication of the pricing 
strength of a consolidated market. 

The oil sands continue to be one of our strongest growth markets. New investors and new projects are continuing to be 
announced. There is over 100 billion Canadian dollars in the investment pipeline, and we expect shovel orders to be 
robust for the next several years. We recently acquired a service company in Edmonton to expand our support to this 
key market and we will continue to make investments to keep pace with long-term demand. Not only will supply 
continue to be constrained across the mining sector, but a structural shift in cost has raised the long-term price 
expectation for commodities. The minimum cost to justify a new project has gone up and future commodity prices will 
thus be based on these higher greenfield expansion costs. John has often described this cycle as a whaleback; others 
have described it as stronger for longer. Whatever you call it, the current view of the strong demand combined with 
supply being constrained for at least three more years supports this theory. It also supports a positive outlook for 
mining equipment and services. 

During our last earnings call, we identified a risk associated with the renewal of a union contract at Franklin, 
Pennsylvania, our largest U.S. facility for underground mining equipment. The current contract expires on June 1st. 
We're continuing to have constructive discussions and are hopeful of a successful conclusion. However, we are 
determined not to accept a contract now that we will regret later and therefore continuing plans to mitigate the impact 
in the event there is a work stoppage. 

In April, we announced our intention to acquire the Stamler mining equipment business. This is a bolt-on business that 
is very complementary to both Joy and P&H. It should provide us with opportunities to expand our product range and 
to enhance our aftermarket business. Response from customers around the world has been very positive. The two 
organizations are well known to each other and the people on both sides are looking forward to working together. We 
cleared the FTC review yesterday and are continuing to work toward completion of the remaining due diligence. We 
expect the acquisition to close by the end of the current fiscal quarter. 

Finally, I would like to announce that Ted Doheny has joined us as President and Chief Operating Officer of Joy 
Mining Machinery. Ted comes to us after a 20-year career with Ingersoll Rand where he was most recently President of 
their Industrial Technologies business. We have taken considerable care and time in recruiting Ted. It was important 
that we find not just a proven performer but equally important, a person who shares our strategic vision, management 
style and personal values. I am confident we have found that person in Ted and are very pleased to have him on our 
team. We have an extensive orientation plan that will allow Ted to focus the next several months on meeting our 
customers and getting to know our business around the world. This orderly transition process will parallel a similar 
process that is continuing between John and me. 

Now, I will turn the comments over to John Hanson. 

John Nils Hanson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Mike and again thanks to those on the conference call for joining us this morning. I am going to be brief this 
morning in outlining our outlook as we go forward. We continue to see a robust market for our products and services as 
the mining companies around the world drive to meet the needs of the commodity markets that Mike just described. 
Our biggest challenges are not orders, but rather continuing to ratchet up our capacity to meet the needs of our 


customers, trying to keep lead times reasonable, expanding our realizable capacity to more productive outsourcing, and 
reducing internal cycle times and maintaining the high service levels that are key to our lifecycle management strategy. 

In general, we are continuing to do a good job. Shovel capacity expansion at P&H Mining is on target for calendar 
year-end. The result will be a 40% increase in capacity from roughly 17 units per year to nearly 25. We will also gain 
aftermarket capability in the process. We are likewise adding capacity in the underground side of the business and, 
again, for both original equipment and aftermarket requirements. 

A couple of quarters ago, we used a chart to show how we were increasing realizable capacity for some of our key 
room and pillar system product lines, namely continuous miners and shuttle cars. 

Setting our fourth quarter fiscal 2002 unit production schedules to 100% we illustrated how we had increased 
production rates by almost 50% as we struggled with our various supply chain problems. That chart is updated on the 
website right now, not only to bring it up-to-date with the current quarter, but to show what we anticipate will happen 
over the next four quarters; that is, the continuous miner and shuttle car last-twelve month production rates will rise to 
more than 200% and almost 275% of fourth quarter 2002 LTM rates respectively. This, we believe, is a tremendous 
result considering that we have added no new roof line for the manufacture of these products. 

We are, however, adding some new roof line as we get ready to break ground for a facility in Tianjin, China, to 
manufacture and assemble a variety of original equipment. Furthermore, both businesses are continuing to study and 
plan how to get the next increments of new capacity to meet the increasing global needs we see developing over the 
next several years. Our approach continues to be prudent, that is to try to increase our capabilities, improve our cost 
position, improve product quality and performance, and introduce new products and technology, all with a minimum of 
new roof line and fixed cost increases. When we do add roof line, as in the case of the new China facility, we expect it 
to be a global low cost producer. The bottom line is that we expect to be able to support the increasing requirements for 
equipment and aftermarket services that we see for the foreseeable future. 

This was also a critical quarter for us in that we began the installation of the SAP system at P&H Mining that we have 
run at Joy Mining since 2000. During March, we started up this system in North America, running all of the key 
business functions including manufacturing, supply chain management, distribution, and human resources. The process 
is going very well, on time and on budget, just as it did in 1999 with the initial installation at Joy. The system is being 
stabilized, and optimization steps are well underway. Once all of the global instillations are complete in 2007, we will 
be able to take advantage of global inventory management and other key tools to reduce working capital, improve 
service levels, and better manage production schedules, all of which will improve operating performance. 

As we mentioned in the press release, we continue to see very high levels of activity in the form of RFPs, quotes, 
negotiations, and planning discussions with customers throughout the global marketplace. We don't yet see a peak in 
this activity and in many cases expect new mine development in the next few years will only serve to increase these 
activity levels. The result is that we are once again increasing our guidance for the next 12 months with the expectation 
that revenues will be in the range of 2.5 to $2.7 billion. With lead times still generally in the 12-month range or longer, 
achieving this revenue will be determined more by our ability to realize capacity increases than by market conditions 
unless we are to have a significant decline in global economics which is something that nobody is predicting. This 
revenue guidance does not include revenue from the products and services from the acquisition of the Stamler assets 
that Mike reviewed earlier on this call. 

We continue to expect that our incremental margins will be in the range of 25 to 30% so that our operating profits for 
the 12-month guidance period should be in the range of 440 to $490 million. EPS should be in the range of $2.40 to 
$2.70 per share, which includes about 10 cents in contribution from the anticipated reduction in book tax rate to 
approximately 33%. This rate could decline by another 3 points or more if valuation allowances of deferred tax benefits 
are determined to be reversible by year-end. 

As with revenues, this earnings guidance does not include any contribution from revenues associated with the Stamler 
asset. Assuming the acquisition closes by the end of the current quarter, revenues could increase by more than $100 
million, though EPS would only be increased by about 5 cents. This seemingly low impact and earnings reflects the 


fact that the purchase in accounting write-up of inventories, which will appear on the balance sheet, will be written off 
through the P&L through higher cost of goods sold over the first turn of inventory or approximately two quarters in 
duration. Once these accounting issues are behind us and the assets are fully assimilated into our businesses, we expect 
performance that is very consistent with the rest of our business. 

I think I'll stop there and turn it over to questions, Jessica. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[operator instruction]. Your first question comes from Mark Koznarek with FTN Midwest Research. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Hi, good morning everybody. 

<A>: Good morning, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: First thing, just to clarify want to understand what is in the earnings outlook, does that include 
the $0.05 tax benefit at all or – since we are looking at 4 to 12 months, we are just looking at the change in the tax rate 
that you are looking at. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: No. And you are correct with the second part of that Mark. The 240 to 270, assumes that our 
standardized book tax rate will be in that 33 to 34% over the next 12 months. It includes none of that nickel benefit 
from the second quarter, nor does it include any assumed additional reversal of tax valuation reserves. Those could be 
substantial, we just can't estimate them at this time and the 240 to 270 excludes all Stamler effects. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. And John just to clarify also that a quarter ago when you adjusted the tax outlook, you 
said that, that benefit was $0.07. Is that right? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: That benefit from the lowering of the tax rate from 36 down to the 33 to 34 was 7 then, it is 
10 now. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Yeah, okay so the increase is really $0.03, impact to the outlook. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Correct. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay, good. Thank you. Now, the question I had has to do with the supply chain issue and if 
you could get into that a little bit more and especially if there was a connection between that issue and either the 
revenue that we've recognized or the bookings you were able to capture here in the quarter? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Mark the supply chain issues don't relate to the bookings at all. For us the bookings issues 
more relate to the lumpiness of specific orders for the large dollar segment of the business things like draglines, electric 
rope shovels, powered roof supports. And as you know from looking at our history, those things just vary a good deal 
quarter-to-quarter. But the supply chain issues obviously relate to our output and I think we continue to work with what 
I would say are a changing set of supply chain issues. You know back a couple of years ago when we first talked about 
steel and steel availability and then castings and forgings, I mean these are all issues that we have been working on and 
I think have reported on pretty regularly and we have made considerable progress. What has happened though is we 
have continued to see a fairly rapid escalation of not only OE requirements but aftermarket requirements as well. And 
so, we're just continually generating different set of problems, a new set of issues to work, and I think I have done a 
pretty good job of working those issues but they are still there. And I think I wouldn't want you to look at the chart that 
I described – it's on the website – that predicts or forecasts a pretty linear upturn in original equipment production to 
say our supply chain problems are all behind it. Clearly they are not, but I think we are gaining hold of them and we are 
doing a better and better job every quarter of managing them. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: So, is that to say the problems aren't behind you? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I'd say in general the problems are behind us but they are going to continue just simply 
because we are going to continue to ratchet up production and output and as we do, we will uncover new issues on a 
regular basis. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay, and then just a final one is. What is preventing the resolution of the valuation 
allowance issue? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah. Valuation reversal decisions are really based on future expectations and performance of the 
company over a long term. And so you do go through a fairly stringent analysis Mark on a quarterly basis as to those 
future expectations of business and when is it therefore appropriate to recognize the reversal of some of those valuation 
reserves. We have done a lot in the last two years Mark. As you know, we used to have over a couple of $100 million 
of intangible assets on the balance sheet which were eliminated as we began recognizing and reducing some of those 
valuation reserves. And so, it is an ongoing process. It is not a bright line that you can say one day that you can reverse 
100% of those valuation reserves. You do have to look at where that income is going to be coming from as far as 
geography – as you know our valuation reserves are in Australia and the U.S. And there are milestones when we adopt 
a new five year plans is the time that we take a look at those type of reserves when we adopt new operating plans, 
which the board will do here at the end of the year, we again look at those reserves. And so, that's what prevents it 
Mark, but there is no bright line that says, "hey we get to X and we get to realize them all." 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. So, lot of it is going to be – will revolve around the assumptions that go into your 
updated five year plan and that is going to be – you are going to drill down into that when, in the third quarter? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah, third quarter leading into the fourth quarter, yes. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: If we could determine the timing Mark, we'd give you a forecast estimate, but we really can't. And 
so, therefore, it would be inappropriate for us to say how much of it's going to affect the next 12 month guidance or 
fiscal '06 guidance. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yep. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi, it's Barry Bannister with Stifel Nicolaus. How are you? 

<A>: Good morning Barry. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Don, congratulations on presiding over the ascent of that credit rating from speculative back 
in the beginning to investment grade during your tenure as CFO. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks Barry, I appreciate that. It's as, you know, have been a long-term focus that John and I 
established back in 2001 and a whole lot of people around the world accomplished. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Thank you. And in the old days, you spoke of a three times inventory turnover goal, we knew 
this business was historically working capital intensive, particularly for meeting service requirements on site with parts 
near the mines and work in process when there is a big OE build cycle. What is now, as you measure it, maybe it's 
four-quarter average COGS, I don't know, what is the inventory turns and what is your outlook for inventory turns as 
we look to the rest of the year and then next year? 

<A - Donald Roof>: We have, as I said, taken a step back here in the second quarter Barry because of some of the 
issues with supply chain and capacity. We compute it normally on just a one quarter COGS Barry, which would have 


put us at 2.9 turns as of the end of fiscal '05, with the most recent quarter falling to 2.5 turns as of the end of the second 
quarter. I would be hopeful that we are going to have some recovery of that here as the rest of 2006 takes place. And 
you are absolutely right Barry with your long term goal, the initial goal is to get both companies combined to that 3 
turns level. I will tell you that both operating presidents have set goals that are in excess of that. You might hear some 
of that at the Analysts Day, you might hear some of that in future periods, but it is the goal to a) let's get the turns back 
to where we were at the end of last year, continue working towards that 3 turns, Barry. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: So, we don't view 3 turns as a ceiling? 

<A - Donald Roof>: No. Not – not anymore. We don't. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And then just a follow up and I will get back in queue. One of your competitors has talked 
about in the field how on the surface side there is a shortage of mining truck tires, we all know about, and it's impacting 
the availability or the desire to order new trucks. Has that impacted your surface mining shovel business and would you 
give us some commentary on where you stand on inquiries on your dragline business? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Two things there, Barry, one is that we would agree that truck tires have been an issue. They 
have certainly limited the ability not only of fleets to grow probably as rapidly as the end users would like. But one of 
the plus sides of that is it has resulted in a lot more focus on things like mine road maintenance and tire maintenance 
and management of tires in the mines, which I think has been very helpful from a cost and a performance standpoint. I 
think in general, there isn't any question it has slowed some of the requirements for new equipment. However, I think if 
you look at the way projects have been laid out and the way capacity expansions have been laid out, I think it is a 
relatively small impact and what we have seen instead is a very planful approach to those capacity increases over time. 
And so that I don't think it has had a huge impact in really deferring a large number of orders. 

Interestingly enough, we had not been experiencing tire problems at all on the underground side until fairly recently. 
This became one of those, kind of what I call, new supply chain issues that impacted us in the last quarter or two, not 
driven by the same thing that has caused problems with the very large truck tires, which have been a lack of mold 
capacity but rather because of a lack of rubber availability, which has made it more difficult to get some of the smaller 
sized tires. So, all of these commodity limitations seem to be being impacted by a relative balance between supply and 
demand whether it is the commodities that we serve that our customers produce or whether it is the commodities that 
exist in our supply chain. And I think we are going to continue to see that as Mike indicated for another several years, 
just simply because demand is continuing to grow at a faster rate than supply can catch up. 

<A>: Do you want to comment to Barry's question on the dragline marketplace as well John? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah, the dragline marketplace does not look too different than it has for the last couple of 
years. We would, I think acknowledge that used draglines have just about run their course, there are really not many 
draglines left around the world to move or to restart and so that should ultimately help dragline orders. Our expectation 
is that we will see few draglines ordered this year, maybe one, but probably not any more than that. And then maybe 
over the '07, '08 timeframe we will see that pick up a little bit, but with the expectation that we we'll still see activity 
over the course of the decade not terribly different from what we saw last decade. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Michael Gallo with C.L. King. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Hi, good morning. 

<A>: Good morning Mike. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: I just wanted to drill down the supply chain issues a little bit further. I was wondering I guess as 
you continue to scale through the cycle and certainly all of your end-markets remain robust around the world, I was 


wondering I guess what you are doing to address some of these issues more specifically in terms of meeting customer 
demand. And then also as a result of some of the delays I was wondering whether it had any impact on customer orders 
or customers looking for additional suppliers, et cetera? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Michael, this is Michael Sutherlin. We have been working obviously on the supply chain 
issues for quite some time and we have actually been chasing those downstream. So last year we spent a lot of time and 
effort bringing some additional supply capacity on line particularly in castings and forgings and some of that type of 
equipment. And as we bring the suppliers on we are now going through some teething problems as they get started up 
and we have had some quality rejections on some of the first production runs we have gotten from the new suppliers 
and we have gone back through the rejection rework process, and that's slowed down our expectation of when that 
would have a positive impact. But ultimately that's gaining progress and we are – as we go through those issues we get 
the suppliers to a predictable level of quality performance and it makes future deliveries much more predictable and 
gives us more confidence as we go forward. So, we ended up, in the second quarter, with some machines sort of stuck 
in the last stages of work in process because of these issues and we expect that to have a positive impact as we go 
forward and clean that out. 

As far as the supply chain impact on our customers, we've been able to work with the customers. In some cases 
customers are delayed on their projects, permitting delays and other things cause them to be falling behind, and they 
come to us and ask us if they can be moved back in the delivery slot a couple of months until those things get resolved. 
So by sort of working with customers and matching up some of our issues with some of the changing demands on their 
side we are able to match things up, and to the point that – so far it's had very little impact on the customer. They have 
been a little bit concerned because it's sort of been just barely enough to get by, but we've been able to get by with all of 
our customers, and not cause any of them to have to shut down production because of a lack of equipment availability 
to date. 

<A>: And Mike... 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay great and then just second question, I know you talked about the volatility of the 
commodity situation. I was wondering whether that volatility has caused any change in the mindset of any of your 
customers in terms of their outlook or order patterns or just their general thinking about the cycle or whether it is -- just 
continues to be unchanged and robust across the board? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, unchanged and robust. The volatility that I talked about was a price volatility driven 
by speculation more than fundamentals. So as our customers look out over the next three, five, seven years, as they 
look at their capital expansion plans those fundamentals continue to look very, very solid. The pricing is – even with 
some volatility spikes, the pricing in the long-term is expected to be well above the level required to get adequate ROI. 
Those projects are going forward. In fact, we're continuing to see some projects being pulled forward at this point. And 
so the pipeline for capital expenditure mine expansion projects is still strong, the outlook is still strong, and the price 
volatility is a little bit of a distraction, but not much more than that for our customers. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A>: Thanks Mike. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Bleustein with UBS. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Good morning. 

<A>: Good morning, David. 

<A>: Good morning, David. 


<Q - David Bleustein>: Couple of questions, the first is the negotiations with the hourly employees in Franklin, when 
was the last time you took a strike at that facility, how long did it last, and I guess how would you really handicap the 
current negotiation? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: The – I'd have to check round the table. Last time we took the strike was probably 2002 – 
no, no earlier than that. 

<A>: Right, longer... 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: In the late 1990s. 

<A>: Right, because we worked without a contract. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Okay. We would have to get back to you on the exact date, but it was in the late 1990s, that 
was the last time we took a strike at that facility and it was a short duration strike. The discussions with the union have 
been very constructive, very good, and we have points on the table that are important to us, they have points that are 
important to them. Our people continue to feel pretty optimistic that both sides are being rational, and we'll find a good 
solution. But like I said, we are not going to get ourselves hooked into a bad contract now that we are going to regret 
later, something that we want to get by with just to get by and then regret it later. So, on Friday, we put on the table, by 
the schedule, our last and final offer and then it is up to the union to decide what they want to do from that point 
forward. So, we are running down to the end of the negotiation period. The demeanor in the negotiations is very good, 
we continue to work constructively, the discussion points are I wouldn't say amicable, but they have been handled very 
professionally, we haven't gotten any high stress levels yet. So, I think overall it looks very hopeful that we will be able 
get this resolved. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Friday of last week was your last and final offer? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Friday, tomorrow. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Friday tomorrow will be your last and final offer? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, by the schedule we have to give them a final offer on the table. The contract comes 
up for renewal on June 1st so on Friday, we will have to give them our final offer for them to consider so they can meet 
their schedule for taking a vote on it. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay, great. Second question, Don, what are your thoughts on the tax rate for fiscal '07 ex any 
valuation reserve adjustments? 

<A - Donald Roof>: I think we will stick with the 33% for fiscal '07, David. The mix of the income in some of the 
international geographies is coming in very strong and they have effective rates there of 17 to 30% type as opposed to 
all-in effective rate for U.S. income at about 38. And so with the performance of those internationals, with the growth 
in a lot of those markets, I think we are at this point looking at 33 for '07. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay. And then, Don, working capital expectations for the next few quarters, really just 
following up on Barry's question, should we expect...? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah, we have – I would hope that with us continuing to push capacity, David, that we can still 
get our growth of working capital to less than net 20% of the increase in revenues that we will experience over that 
period. And so a working capital sales ratio that says for every dollar of revenue growth, we put less than 20 cents into 
net working capital, that's kind of been our internal target. If we can meet those, David, we can continue to drive up 
inventory turnovers and velocities and such, and so that's kind of what we have been shooting for. We did not reach 
that in the second quarter; as we can get the processes organized little better going forward, we hope to be able to reach 
that. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay, and then just coming back to the Franklin labor negotiation, should we expect if you 
hear back from the union some form of press release to let us know where you are sitting with that negotiation? 


<A>: No. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: Terrific. 
<A>: I think, David, understand we have 13 contracts here in the U.S., it's just yeah not something we would normally 


just because of the size of these contract negotiations in relationship to the overall activities of the company. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: What percentage of the employees at Franklin are represented by this current contract? 
<A>: Around 600 out of 950 or something like that. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
<A>: 4,600 out of 8,000 employees worldwide David. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Charlie Brady with Harris Nesbitt. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Hi thanks. Good morning guys. 

<A>: Good morning Charlie. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Can you just give us a little bit of insight on the capacity expansion that shovel is coming on 
line beginning '07? How are those – we ramp up to 25, can you give us some sense of over the course of fiscal '07, how 
you expect that kind of ramp out? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah, if you look at basically what happens in making the shovel, you are talking about total 
lead times for a shovel of about a year. And part of those lead times are related to raw materials and some very early 
production steps that can be in effect planned and done in advance. But, many of them will in fact require elements of 
that new capacity to get underway. So, on day one January 1, of '07 we would expect the capacity expansion to be in 
place and then we would ramp up that production as a result over the course of the year. So, that we would be at that 
rate probably for the most or all of the second half and we would be building it up over the first half. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Thank you. On the Chinese facility, can you update us on the timing of when that facility would 
be totally complete and you'd start producing equipment there? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We are scheduled to finish the facility and be in production by October of this year. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Thanks very much. 

<A>: Thanks Charlie. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Good morning, guys. 

<A>: Good morning, Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Can you talk a little bit about – I gathered you had a concentration or a higher proportion 
may be, I should say, of relatively lower margined OE sales in last year's second quarter in the underground business 
than you did in this year's second quarter when your margin was far better. Can you provide any incremental detail on 
how large of an impact that had? Did you have 50 million of roof support revenue last year and none this year or...? 


<A>: Yeah, Rob you are right and that is roof support related, Mike do you know exactly what those numbers were 
from a year ago? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I don't have the exact numbers but there was a significant increase in roof support activities 
last year compared to this year. In addition to that there was a favorable impact in the second quarter of this year as we 
completed our percentage of completion accounting for a roof support shipment that took place in the very, very end of 
the first quarter of 2006 and that impacted the profitability in the second quarter by about $2.4 million. So, it was really 
a combination of the roof support sales that took place in the second quarter of 2005 being at lower margins than what 
we've been experiencing in 2006. And then also very, very little roof support activity in the second quarter of 2006, 
with the exception of the benefit of that percentage of completion closeout. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, that's helpful. And then as we then look forward for the next couple of quarters of 
this fiscal year, do we have any similar situations where we believe we have an unusual concentration in the '05 quarter 
that wouldn't necessarily be replicated this year? I say that because last quarter, in the first quarter, you did provide 
some visibility on some higher levels of shipments. So, we know that, when we get to the January quarter of '07 we will 
face the similar issue again. I am wondering if it looks like we would over the next couple of quarters? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: I don't think so Rob, nothing that I can think of and of course we can't totally predict that. 
The process that Mike talked about where we had shipped basically and accounted for most of a roof support order at 
the end of the first quarter, and then the closeout at the end of the second quarter really occurred because we had pulled 
in the shipment of the long-haul system in the first place so... 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Fine. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Things can change as you go, but I think at this point in time I don't think we are aware of 
anything that would create those kinds of issues for the next couple of quarters. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Rob, we have been working pretty hard on getting to more reasonable margins on the roof 
support product. And so we would expect to be booking that product at margins going forward that are more consistent 
with our current experience. And so we will be coming off of some historical experience where we have been growing 
ourselves out of some historical problems and getting up to a level that's more sustainable and so you know the current 
level we would expect to be sustainable going forward. So as you look – next year looking back to this year, you 
shouldn't see any adverse impacts because of a good shipping quarter this year compared to what we may do the next 
year. 

<A>: In other words, don't take the six months operating margin underground to be inflated in any sense. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: That's right. And on surface side Rob going forward, dragline revenue will be lower over 
the remainder of the year than what it has been so far that will generally be positive. And I would suspect that shovel 
margins will in general be pretty positive over the last half of the year compared to the last half of last year. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: That's a good segue Don, I wanted to ask about shovel pricing – your competitor recently 
announced some business that would indicate that they had had an average price per unit – approaching $20 million. 
Historically, this has been a product category where of course you have talked about rising prices, but at one point in 
time, it was more like a 12 million to $15 million product. So, can you talk about whether this recent pricing is running 
close to $20 million levels? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Rob it is not. I would caution you, we were also aware of those numbers – having heard them. I 
would caution you that often with these large projects, you sell not only the equipment but spare parts and other things 
with them, particularly for those that go into the emerging markets. And so, I guess I wouldn't jump to too much of a 
conclusion until I knew exactly what the content of those bids and the orders were. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: So, somewhere between those two extremes that I described would be a better reflection of 
where prevailing prices seem to be running today? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yes, somewhere in between. 


<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And I am sure that the relatively, what appears to be relatively weak level of shovel order 
activity in your April quarter, one, I gather it reflects lower level of bookings than a year ago in the same quarter. And 
then I wonder if there is anything you can tell us about the near term outlook for actually booking incremental shovel 
orders that might relieve any concern that some of your investors might have that this quarter represents some kind of a 
trend. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yeah Rob, as you know, we don't forecast bookings. But if you look back, our first quarter 
we booked shovels well in excess of our ability to produce shovels in the quarter. And in the second quarter, we did 
have shovel bookings but you know at a lower level. 

It is likely in the third quarter, we will see a significant increase in activity but again it's lumpy and it just depends on 
where things fall. As you know, we are pretty rigorous in our booking requirements you know, very often we have and 
know about commitments not only for shovels but other pieces of equipment, that we don't book simply because it 
doesn't meet our contractual requirements for booking. We think that discipline is good for our business in the long run, 
but it does lead to probably more lumpiness than might exist if we use more I guess what I would call discretion in that 
booking process. But we are very comfortable with the activity levels in the marketplace, we fully expect that we'll see 
good robust levels of activity for the foreseeable future. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Thanks John. And, lastly if I may just a couple of clarifications, I'll give you both of them 
and then I'll just listen to your answers. Mike, I think you said something about supply chain issues that created some 
shipment delays near the end of the quarter, I just wondered if that's anything that is any more than typical because I 
suspect that supply chain issues have regularly been creating temporary delays. And then my second question was in 
regards Don to your comments about steel prices showing some incremental strength, are you having any issues with 
availability? 

<A>: Mike, you first. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, Rob on supply chain impact on shipments, the second quarter was normal compared 
to our recent experience. We were hopeful that some of our efforts would clear out some of those issues and we would 
have shipped more OE orders in the second quarter, we are hopeful that we will get past some of those problems in the 
third quarter. We will clear some of that out. I don't think it's going to be a significant impact on the quarter-to-quarter 
comparison though. I mean there will be some slight improvement, but it's not going to be a large significant impact. 
And that improvement will occur over a longer period of time so you will see us resolve those issues and improve the 
shipping levels over two, three quarters. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: One thing I do want to remind you is that we do take our promises, our commitments to 
customers very seriously and that we measure our performance based on promises kept. So, we talk about these 
problems. They are of great concern to us, but we are talking about missing shipments by days or at most a few weeks, 
not months at a time. And so the numbers are not that dramatic. They mean a lot to us in the context of our service 
levels, but we are not falling months and quarters behind on deliveries by any stretch of imagination. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Understood. 

<A - Donald Roof>: In regards to steel, Rob. No, unlike early parts of `04, thankfully it is not an availability issue. 
Both for P&H Mining as well as Joy Mining, it's really more of getting some price increases to date between what 
we've realized and expected, still single-digit as far as the percentage increase, but it is not an availability issue 
thankfully. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay, thanks guys. 

<A - Donald Roof>: You're welcome Rob. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Barry Haimes with Sage Asset Management. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Hi guys. 

<A>: Hi Barry. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: I had two questions, one is the new facility in China. Could you characterize how much that 
increases your capacity in Joy Mining? And then secondly, just wondering how far out the backlog stretches? If I come 
in for a new order on either a mining shovel, continuous miner, or a longwall system, you know how far out are you 
quoting on those? Thanks. 

<A>: Maybe John you could take the second one as far as lead time and then Mike can speak on China. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Generally, as I noted in my comments, our lead times are of the order of 12 months, it varies 
by product line and you also have to be careful because as we have talked about before, we do a lot of slotting of 
orders. So, as an example, we may not have a booking for a shovel in which we have a production slot for say next 
May or next June. But, we may have known for six months who the customer was and what the unit was and where it 
was going. So, we're still very comfortable with those lead times, as we have talked about on these calls before, we've 
been trying to do everything we can to shorten them. We think that 12-month lead times are something that market can 
deal with quite adequately. When they stretch out beyond that then we think we have got our capacity probably too 
tight and we start to impinge on the abilities of our customers to manage their projects effectively. So, I'd say, we are 
probably pretty comfortable with where we are right now, not sure what our customers would say, but we think that we 
are probably at about 12 months, about the right place for this marketplace. 

<A>: Then Mike on the new facility. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, on the Tianjin facility. We would expect that to have an overall impact of about 5 to 
10% on our capacity. First year impact will be slow coming on because we are also at the same time dealing with local 
suppliers that we are in the process of qualifying and going through the same kind of supply chain problems we had 
talked about earlier plus doing that in China with new suppliers and cultural, language differences. So, we would 
expect that capacity to come on over the course of the first year of operation and then we have a master plan that has 
some future phase expansions that we can move to once we get the first phase up and running efficiently. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: What would be the theoretical total over time that you should -- in terms of how big the – how 
much space you have got? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well we have a... 

<A>: I think Barry should come to Analyst Day. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: The Analyst Day, yeah. We have a project where – that we call "China 2010" where we are 
looking at driving the business to a target level that we believe is very, very attainable by 2010 in China to serve the 
requirements of the domestic market, which we think is going to be growing very strongly between now and then and 
providing some capacity to also feed into the export to other regions and support other regions with shipments out of 
those manufacturing facilities in China. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Thanks. 

<A>: Thanks Barry. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kent Green with Boston American Asset Management. 

<Q - V. Kent Green>: Yes just a clarification question on margins. You said that the aftermarket products as a 
percentage of sales increased in the quarter, could you repeat that again and? Then could you discuss margins in 


after-products plus OEM in general, are they significantly higher? 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yeah, I will take the two. Aftermarket revenues as far as a percentage of total revenues in the 
quarter, quarter over second quarter of last year increased slightly, second quarter over first quarter increased 
dramatically, because they were significantly lower in the first quarter of this year Kent. And so the big swing was first 
quarter to second quarter with a lower volatility between second quarter '05 to second quarter '06. 

As we have discussed, anyway we do not discuss margins individually between the aftermarket and original equipment 
revenue streams but they are not significantly different. It depends how you define significant, but we do not have a 
situation where we give away our original equipment products, and so we have very solid margins on most all of our 
original equipment products. As you can imagine, it varies from a lower value original equipment with a high steel 
content upwards to much higher value pieces of original equipment. Similarly in the aftermarket, we have proprietary 
parts that have high value to the customers. We also have labor related services and machine rebuilds, welding and 
fabrication that have more labor related for that labor component. And so, overall, higher in the aftermarket side than 
the original equipment and on a quarter-by-quarter it can vary, but it's not nearly what you might expect Kent for 
certain capital goods manufacturers. 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: I would say, within each category, if you look at the range of original equipment margins as 
a range of aftermarket margins that range dramatically exceeds the difference between the two averages. 

<Q - V. Kent Green>: Thank you that helps a lot. The – on labor, I know that some of your plants have more difficulty 
you know finding labor, training your own labor and stuff historically as well as some of the other equipment 
companies. Has that been a problem to – as well as the supply chain or is it the supply chain problems, are of the 
biggest problems? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yeah, I think we'd say the supply chain problems have probably been the bigger problems, 
although we have had some issues with labor, probably a good example is our National Avenue plant here in 
Milwaukee that produces electric rope shovels as we look at this capacity expansion. We've really invested a lot from a 
technology standpoint in improving productivity, so that we wouldn't require the kind of just straight ramping up of 
labor numbers. But what we have found is that as long as the process is orderly and we have time to plan it and do it on 
a rational basis that we can find skilled people, we very often have to train them, because our skill levels are unique. 
My simplest example of that would be, welders, we find are relatively easy to find. People who have welded 10 inch 
plate are virtually non-existent, and so, you know we have to create that transition through our own training programs 
and the like. So, again, it's an issue, but I don't think it has been as critical an issue for us as an example as it has been 
for our customers. 

<Q - V. Kent Green>: One final financial question. You have done a masterful job of improving your credit ratings, 
you know, paid down debt and now you are in a positive free cash flow environment. Does that mean that we will 
continually see an escalation of consideration for share buybacks or dividends or both? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Yes. As we have I think talked on these calls a number of times, we have relatively limited 
opportunities from an acquisition standpoint to reinvest in our business. And, so, the result is, we do anticipate 
returning funds to shareholders and share buybacks and dividends are the way to do that. We will keep our dividends at 
a level that we are very comfortable we can sustain throughout the cycle. So, it means that the majority of our returns to 
shareholders will come in the form of buybacks. 

<Q - V. Kent Green>: Thank you. 

<A>: Jessica, I think, we have time for two more questions. 

Operator 

Okay. Your next question comes from Joel Tiss of Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Hi guys, it's Henry Kirn in for Joel today. 


<A>: Hi Henry. 

<A>: Good morning Henry. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Quick question for you on the aftermarket orders, you know, they've remained at a better rate than, 
I think, you might have expected a couple of years ago given where we are in the cycle, how do you see them trending 
over the next year or so? 

<A - John Nils Hanson>: Well, Henry, if you noticed, this is probably the first quarter in 10 that I haven't cautioned 
about aftermarket orders slowing to high single-digit growth rate. It doesn't necessarily mean I have given up on that 
prospect long-term. But, I think clearly, what we have seen is the marketplace that continues to put a very strong drive 
on up time and maximizing the production that has really refocused itself on maintenance and keeping equipment 
availabilities very high. And on top of that, what we have seen now is a significant growth of field populations, 
something that we had not seen over much of the last 25 years. And so, those combinations, plus I think the 
unwillingness of customers to take a risk with alternative supplies when availability is so critical to them has just 
continued to drive these very strong growth rates. And, you know, I think we are probably of a mindset now which may 
be dangerous, but we are probably of a mindset now of suspecting that these aftermarket growth rates will certainly 
continue in the high single, low double digit rates for foreseeable future. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Henry, we started ramping up in the second half of 2003 and typically on the underground 
equipment, we see the first miners coming in after about two years for the first rebuild. So, the things we shipped in the 
second half of 2003 and into 2004 are just about due to come in for their first rebuilds. We really haven't seen that 
impact yet on our aftermarket business. So, there are a lot of positive things out there that say that the aftermarket 
business is going to stay as strong if not stronger than what we see today. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Great thanks. That is really helpful. One more question, I guess, if I look at the orders and folks are 
obviously concerned about that, was there any sense that in this quarter and maybe last quarter as well that the potential 
of strike at the Franklin facility may have impacted any of the order activity? 

<A>: No, none whatsoever. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A>: Thanks Henry. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from Steven Weiss with Short Hills Capital Partners. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Good morning Steven. 

<Q>: Hi Don, hi guys. Congratulations on what I thought was a pretty good quarter but my question has been 
answered. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thanks. We do too. 

<Q>: That's kind of surprising but those are the markets. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Yep. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Donald Roof>: Thank you. 

<A>: Steve, no question? 

<A - Donald Roof>: No, his was answered he said. 


<A>: Oh, got it, got it. I didn't hear that sorry. Thanks Steve. 

Donald C. Roof, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Treasurer 

Well, we do appreciate everyone joining us today. I will provide one last reminder that next week we are having an 
Analyst Meeting here in Milwaukee. We will be making presentations relating to some of our longer-term plans, as 
Mike indicated, specifically talking about China 2010 which are specific plans to drive that $500 million in annual 
revenue in China that we have talked about over prior quarters and to get a chance to see our facilities here in 
Milwaukee, see the work that's going on to drive cellular manufacturing and get that 40% increase in output over the 
balance of this year. And, we hope that many of you will get a chance to join us then. We look forward to it. Thanks 
and we'll look forward to talking to you all again next quarter. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


