Q4 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• James H. Woodward, Jr., Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
• Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 
Other Participants 

• Terry Darling 
• Mark Koznarek 
• Charles Brady 
• Michael Gallo 
• Robert McCarthy 
• John Fox 
• David Bleustein 
• Barry Bannister 
• Scott Gaffner 
• Seth Weber 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the Joy Global Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2007 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]. Thank you. 

I will now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Woodward, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
Please go ahead Sir. 

James H. Woodward, Jr., Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Thank you very much Vanessa. Good morning everyone and once again thank you for participating in today's call and 
your continued interest in Joy Global. 

This morning I'll begin the discussion with some brief comments to add a little color to a press release which detailed 
our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2007 results. Mike Sutherlin, our President and CEO, will then provide some of 
his thoughts about our operations and market outlook. 

As you know our fiscal year ended in October, so we're already well into fiscal '08 and I am sure most of you are more 
concerned with where we're going rather than where we've been. Mike will be providing some insight into those 
expectations. Afterward we will take your questions. During that part of the call, we once again would appreciate it if 
you would limit yourself to one question and one follow-up only and then get back into the queue. In that way, we will 
be able to accommodate as many questionnaires as possible in our limited time. 


During the call today, we will be making forward-looking statements, these statements should be considered along with 
the various risk factors detailed in our press release, and our other SEC filings. We encourage you to read and become 
familiar with those risk factors. We will also be referring to some non-GAAP measures, which we believe are 
important to understanding our business. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP metrics to GAAP and other industry 
information, we refer you to our website at, www.joyglobal.com. So now let's get started with the fourth quarter, 
addressing the customary interest in top line growth, earnings and asset intensity, as well as our business risks. 

As you can see from our release, following our normal seasonal pattern, we finished the year very strongly. At 736 
million for the quarter, our top line year-on-year sales growth was 7%, as we've discussed previously, although we are 
beginning to see some positive signs in the form of bookings, we entered the quarter with a relatively weak backlog in 

U.S. underground coal, currently our single largest market. As a result, year-on-year fourth quarter sales in this market 
were down 41%. However, this was more than offset by a combined to 20% increase in P&H surface equipment and a 
46% improvement in non-U.S. Joy underground equipment. 
As Stamler was included in the prior-year fourth quarter, that acquisition was not a significant factor in the quarterly 
comparisons on a consolidated basis. For the full year, sales were 2.55 billion, up 6% over fiscal '06. Similar to the 
quarter, this increase reflects a year-on-year decline of 20% in revenues from the Joy U.S. underground coal market, 
offset entirely by an increase of 15% in P&H surface equipment, and a 10% increase in non-U.S. Joy underground 
equipment. The full year inclusion of Stamler in our Joy underground revenue compared to partially year in '06, added 
approximately 84 million in sales, or half of the consolidated year-over-year growth rate. 

Turning to earnings intensity, our fourth quarter operating margins or basically EBIT margin improved to 20% from 
19.1% last year. Although seasonally the strongest quarter of the year, this still represents a 34% incremental operating 
profit on the change in sales. As explained in our release, gross manufacturing margins improved by 200 basis points, 
due to a better product mix and other factors. That was offset in part by an increase in product development, selling and 
administrative expense as a percent of sales as we continue to invest in capacity expansion, infrastructure in the 
emerging markets, particularly China, and new products. 

For the full-year, our operating margin improved to 18.6% from 18.4% in fiscal '06, representing an incremental 
margin of 21% on the change in sales. This incremental margin rate is also indicative of our expectations for fiscal '08. 
Our full year '07 EBITDA margins increased to 20.5% of sales versus 20.1% in the prior year, a strong performance. 

As discussed in our earlier press release, the book tax rate for the full year reflected a change in the international mix of 
earnings and several fourth quarter adjustments which combined raised the full-year rate to 38%. The cash tax rate for 
fiscal '07 was 16%. Based on our projections of the international mix of earnings, we now expect that our full-year 
book tax rate for fiscal '08 will be approximately 34%. 

In addition, following a review of our NOL position at year-end, we have concluded that the amortization period will 
now be out to fiscal '11 rather than '09 as we previously indicated. This will result in an increase on the cash tax rate to 
a range of 20 to 25% in fiscal '08. 

Looking at the balance sheet, our trade working capital increased less than 15 million on a sequential basis, 
representing an incremental change of just 13% on the 18% sequential change in quarterly sales between Q3 and Q4. 
The increase in account receivable, resulting from strong Q4 revenues, was offset by a reduction in inventory as well as 
increases in our trade payables and advance payments from customers. 

Our full year return on invested capital remains impressive at nearly 30%, but does represent a reduction from the prior 
year. Although beginning to move in a right direction, trade working capital velocity is the one area where we are not 
as pleased with our performance in '07 and remains one of our priorities for '08. This becomes even more important as 
we wrap up long-term capital spending for additional capacity over the next couple of years. 

Cash flow from operations for the quarter was 171 million, or 23% of sales. During the quarter, we continued our stock 
repurchase program and as indicated in our release have completed 795 million under our 1 billion authorization. 


Our sales continue to become more diverse by type and geography. Aftermarket revenues for the full year increased to 
nearly 63% of consolidated sales versus 61% last year. As I mentioned previously, we continued to reduce our reliance 
on U.S. underground coal and have been able to grow our top line this year in spite of the weakness in this significant 
market. With an expected recovery in the U.S. underground coal market in fiscal '08, this comparison may change 
slightly in the near-term, but over our five-year horizon, we continue to project a faster growth rate in our surface and 
non-U.S. underground markets. 

This has been a year of challenges, and we have responded well. Mike will get into more details. Suffice it to say that 
we have adding capacity where needed, begun to execute our low-cost country manufacturing strategy, continued to 
refine our life cycle management strategy and right size the business in the U.S. and the U.K. 

We have successfully grown through the weakness in our historically largest single market, reached new PH surface 
sales records, successfully integrated the Stamler organization and product line, and while we were at it, installed a new 
SAP base ERP system for P&H around the world without any disruptions to the business. Most importantly, we 
continue to take a long-term view, making investments today which may penalize short-term results but which will be 
paying off in the future. 

With that, I'll turn it over to Mike. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Thank you, Jim. I would like to add my welcome to those on this call. As you would expect, I'm very pleased with our 
operating results for the fourth quarter. Looking back, a few things stand out to me. First, we've made progress on the 
production issues that were discussed earlier in the year. The casting issues have been resolved, and we continue to 
catch up the related downstream processes. In addition, we have diversified our casting sources as a hedge against a 
reoccurrence. 

Separately, our Chinese subcontractor has now completed the first full set of fabrications and this enables us to move 
our focus from capability to process velocity. Again, the catch up will continue to improve. We've also made progress 
on a number of other process improvement programs. And the combination of these process solutions and process 
improvements allowed us to increase our P&H aftermarket revenues significantly in the fourth quarter. 

In addition to the financial impact, the aftermarket is key to supporting our equipment with our life cycle management 
programs. In fact, this connection between aftermarket and original equipment preferences may be the most important 
driver of value in our business. I have more to say on this in a moment. 

Both our Joy and P&H businesses continue to deliver outstanding financial performance. During 2007, P&H 
maintained strong cost control to deliver operating leverage above 40%, which improved their EBIT, not EBITDA, but 
EBIT margins by 250 basis points to over 19%. And Joy continues to deliver EBIT, again not EBITDA, margins of 
20% despite the slowdown in our largest market segment of U.S. coal. Joy certainly benefited from the diversification 
of its markets, but more importantly continues to deliver strong operational discipline and financial control. 

Certainly the highlight of our fourth quarter has been our order rate. Fourth quarter orders are a record and are close to 
$1 billion. Although this is very gratifying, we know better than anyone that orders are notoriously lumpy and 
therefore, it can be misleading to read too much into the orders for any single quarter. But there are some underlying 
factors that do give greater meaning to this quarter's order rate. 

The original equipment orders for P&H in The shovel orders are well dispersed with orders from copper, iron ore, 
international coal and oil sands. And in fact, oil sands the fourth quarter were up almost 50% over last year and include 
five multiple shovel orders. orders include the initial shovel orders for the next major project. And despite the strong 
overall order bookings rate, the prospect list continues to grow. 

These orders clearly indicate the customer's preference for P&H equipment and support, and they also demonstrate the 
great job that P&H is doing in advanced planning with our customers to ensure they can continue to make decisions 


based upon their equipment preference, and not lead times. 

The Joy underground orders for the fourth quarter were effectively flat with last year, due to result of strong order 
growth in the U.S. offset by typical lumpiness in international orders. Joy's original equipment orders in the U.S. were 
up four-fold over the last year and include a major multiple machine order for Central Appalachian customer. Although 
the fourth quarter orders were heavily weighted to one customer, they're also broadly based. Excluding this major 
order, Joy U.S. original equipment orders would still have been up 50%, and total U.S. orders would have been up 25% 
over last year. Looking beyond the orders our U.S. prospect list has also improved and supports our outlook for 
continued improvement in the U.S. coal market. 

A strong customer preference for P&H and Joy equipment is based on the proven reliability and productivity of our 
machines. In fact the strongest preference is for our equipment occurs in the most demanding working conditions. But 
in all conditions, aftermarket support is key to high machine reliability. 

We can see that in the cost-per-ton programs we run, which have higher margins than the aftermarket average, and not 
because we use fewer parts but because we give more production by keeping machines running. And as a result the 
customer benefits in these programs as much as we do. And we can also see this connection regionally, where we have 
the best aftermarket infrastructure, we enjoy the strongest preference for our equipment. This as much as anything else 
is why we continue to enjoy strong order rates for original equipment. 

We are expanding our aftermarket programs using our controls and automation platforms. We've started construction 
on a new customer care center in South Africa, which will be dedicated to supporting customers on our life cycle 
management programs. From this center, we will be able to monitor and support our machines via remote condition 
monitoring, remote diagnostics and production consulting services. We have been able to increase machine 
productivity by more than 40% with these programs, and this proven performance has been increasing the adoption rate 
and ushers in the next phase of our life cycle management strategies. 

We're seeing two different dynamics in the U.S. coal market. Those customers with metallurgical grade coal and access 
to export facilities are moving quickly, take advantage of the strong demand and prices in the seaborne markets. This 
demand is created by the combination of growing demand from China/India, coupled with rail import constraints in 
Australia and South Africa. At the same time, domestic demand is growing in Russia and Indonesia. This results in 
deficit in the supply to Europe. Neither the emerging market demand or the infrastructure constraints will be solved 
quickly creating a longer-term opportunity for U.S. coal exports. Coal exports grew by 10 million tons or 15% in 2007, 
and that growth should continue. These exports will take production out of the U.S. market and will add to the supply 
pressure. 

We are also seeing improvement in the U.S. thermal coal market. After flat growth last year electricity demand is 
growing up almost 3% this year. However, this has not benefited coal until recently. Power generators burn natural gas 
early in the year to increase coal stockpiles but are now increasing their coal burn. We do not expect the generators to 
deplete their stockpiles and therefore coal burns should match electricity demand going forward. In fact coal demand is 
up 2.5% to date in the fourth quarter after negative growth through the first three quarters. 

Our customers were disciplined late last year and early this year, as they idled mines to balance supply with demand. 
The same customers will maintain that discipline, and will not bring those mines back online prematurely. We therefore 
expect thermal coal production to grow in line with the electricity demand, which averages around 2%. There are 20 
gigawatts of coal-fueled electricity generating plants in construction or in late stages of development in the U.S. These 
plants will most certainly be completed as planned, they'll burn another 100 million tons of coal by 2012. 

Coal demand growth beyond 2012 is less certain but it is becoming clear that we must address not only greenhouse gas 
emissions, but also energy security and future energy supply. This fact was highlighted in recent report by the 
International Energy Agency. It's a also reality that we are seeing in Europe, whose member countries have signed 
Kyoto and are yet are building new coal fuel power plants and are converting existing gas fuel to coal. Coal is already 
best solution for two of these three factors and the commercial development of coal conversion with carbon capture and 
storage technologies will make coal environmentally compliant. As a result coal will continue to be the preferred fuel 


for base load power generation. 

The combination of strong export demand and the return to normal thermal coal demand has increased prices in all U.S. 
regions by 10 to 20% since beginning of this year and some are predicting Central Appalachian mines coal prices to go 
above $60 a ton and PRB prices should go above $15 a ton. As the U.S. coal market is beginning to improve our 
international markets continue to be robust. In fact the fundamentals of those markets are generally better now than 
they have been for the past couple of years. 85% of the new power plants that we will be built worldwide in the next 
five years will be coal fueled. And therefore international coal is expected to remain deficit for the next several years 
and 2008 prices should be set at record levels. 

Likewise iron ore will remain a deficit and prices should increase 30 to 50% in 2008 alone. China demand has more 
than offset the impact of the weak housing market in the U.S. and copper demand and prices remained strong. Higher 
oil price expectations and the reductions in Canadian income tax has offset much of the impact of high royalties on our 
oil sands production and current producers are continuing their expansion programs. 

The major oil companies expect 90% of their future oil supplies will have to come from unconventional sources and are 
increasingly attracted to oil sands projects. The strong outlook across all commodities thus supports my belief that this 
will be a long mining up cycle. In addition, the best evidence of a stronger for longer cycle as the investment plans of 
our customers. Based upon their view of their markets, our customers continue to make an increased investments in the 
expansion project. 

They're also moving from brown field to green field projects. These green field expansions are larger and involve 
multiple machine requirements and have a longer horizon to first production. Not only are these projects creating strong 
ongoing demand for mining equipment, they also provide insight further out. And as a result, we continue to invest in 
the expansion of our capacity. These expansions have been in both manufacturing capacity and fuel service capability. 
In 2007, we completed the expansion of P&H's gearing factory in Milwaukee, and started construction on a second 
gearing factory in our Tianjin campus in China. 

We completed Joy's first factory on the same Tianjin campus and moved our production of AFC pans from the U.K. to 
China. We've completed the combined manufacturing and service facility in Poland. Also during 2007, we started work 
on a new service center to support our operations in the Hunter Valley of Australia. 

Based upon the fundamentals and outlook for our markets, and the investment projects and plans of our customers, we 
are continuing to expand our capacity. We've approved to third gearing transmission factory for P&H. This will be our 
third factory in China, and P&H's second. We continue to expand our -- around our strategy to keep core components 
and processes in our own factories and outsource the low value-added work. And as a result, we continue to build 
gearing and transmission factories and outsource fabrication work. 

Gearing and transmissions are fungible between original equipment and aftermarket, and aftermarket demand will 
continue to grow from the expanding fleet of equipment. And as a result, this strategy is not only the most cost 
effective way to build capacity, but it also minimizes any downside risk. 

In setting our guidance for 2008, we're converting from a rolling fourth quarter format to an annual format. I think this 
will be more straightforward and more effective. Although both are effectively the same as we start the year earnings 
calls during the year will focus on validating, updating rather than extending guidance. So as we set our guidance for 
fiscal 2008, we considered the strength of international markets, the improvement in the U.S. coal market, and the 
timing of new capacity. With these considerations, we expect revenues in fiscal 2008 to be between 2.8 and $3 billion. 
This translates to revenue growth rate of 10 to 18% over the last year. 

We are increasing our investment in infrastructure to support our Tianjin, China campus, and we'll increase the 
investment in new products. Both of these initiatives will deliver results in future years, but will limit our operating 
leverage in 2008. And as a result, we expect operating profit to be between 525 and 565 million. The higher book tax 
rate, this will result -- this will result in earnings per share between $3.10 and $3.35. And this includes the benefit of 
$0.08 per share as we plan to continue our share buyback program. 


Our shipments normally follow a seasonal pattern, due to the high concentration of holidays in our first fiscal quarter 
and the impact of summer vacations in our third fiscal quarter. As a result, we expect our first quarter to be our lowest 
in revenues and our fourth quarter to be our highest in revenues, both in line with historical seasonal patterns. 

Although we expect our operating leverage to average in the low 20% range in 2008, we also expect the leverage to be 
in the mid-teens for the first half due to the timing of China infrastructure investments and the mix of products 
scheduled for first half delivery. 

So in summary, we enter 2008 with all of our international markets strong and still improving with signs recovering the 

U.S. coal market. We made significant progress in earlier manufacturing and supply chain issues and continue to 
deliver industry-leading financial performance. And we will continue to make prudent and efficient investments in 
capacity to ensure that our customers will have their preferred choice of equipment. 
So with that I'll end by formal remarks and turn the call over to questions and answers. Vanessa? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Terry Darling from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: Thanks, good morning. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Good morning, Terry. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: Wondering, if you could elaborate a little bit on the commentary around the moderating 
operating leverage and perhaps talk us through a little bit where the increase is an engineering investments will be 
made in terms of P&H versus Joy? And weather that shows up in R&D or in some other category? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, Terry, this is Mike. The investments that we are making outside of the R&D area are 
primarily the buildup of our manufacturing infrastructure capability in China as we continue to build our campus there. 
So we are hiring people ahead of the start-up of those facilities for both their training programs, we have a team with 
Chinese supervisors and managers here in Milwaukee that are going you know through an extensive training program 
here before they go back and to bring those factors in China online. So we are investing pretty heavily at this point in 
the start-up of those factors as they began to start-up and ramp up some of those in late 2007 and then on through 2008 
and into 2009. So that's a big portion of the incremental investment we are making. 

We've also, I think on the analyst calls, we talked about being more focused and driven on growth opportunities and 
part of those growth opportunities we think have come from organic sources of new product development. So we've got 
a number of projects that we have got queued up and we are beginning to staff-up and invest in. On the surface side, 
we're working on a range of projects, some of those are -- I think we announced the ultra-class dragline continuing to 
expand a number of machines that are able to utilize the AC technology. 

We will see our customers beginning to look for in-pit crushing as an alternative to truck and shovel fleets or beginning 
to look at those that technology and project around that kind of equipment. In our underground side, we have put a 
couple of new technology machines into the surface in 2007, one of those was something we call our entry developer 
machine, which allows us to mine in both in the sequence rather than having to do a traditional place change process, 
which is more complicated and as far as more experienced to operate. So that machine is going through field trials. We 
have a number of -- we are field trialing a new Wethead, which reduces dust emissions and also provide some longer 
bit life on the cutterhead terms on a continuous miners. 

We are looking at a new technology that allow us to move our current mechanical cutting technology outside of 
underground coal into some other underground application. So, there is a wide range of programs, some that will have 
some benefit in 2008, some that will have larger benefit in 2009 and then and some that will have benefit beyond that. 
All those are in start-up or ramp up phases and so we are seeing the impact of those investments and we will see the 


impact of those investments in 2008. And that will be looking at our operating leverage for the year. 

<Q - Terry Darling>: I think that make sense. Mike, I want to know if you can ballpark what that increase is FY'08 
over '07, we talking in the 5 to $10 million range or north of that? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: This is Jim, Terry. We're talking -


<Q - Terry Darling>: Jim. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: A little bit north of that. We've got an essence two facilities that we have under 
construction for P&H in China in 2008. So that will be a factor as Mike indicated, as we mentioned in our press release, 
and Mike in his comments also mentioned, we're breaking ground on a new facility in South Africa. 

We're also breaking ground on a new facility in the Hunter Valley region of Australia. We -- as we've talked in the past, 
continue to invest in the Joy underground business in China, in service infrastructure, in advanced of getting the sales 
there. So if that coupled with the product development that Mike talked about, it's spread across both businesses and it's 
probably in the 5 to 10 million range, we are -- historically, we've run 30% plus, and I think the difference between that 
30% plus and the low 20s that we're talking about now, reflects some of those investments as well as the fact that, in 
historical basis if we recall, we were filling up some relatively empty facilities and we don't get that benefit going 
forward. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek from Cleveland Research. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Hi, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Good morning everyone. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Mark, how are you? 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: I'm wondering if you guys could discuss the developing market activity that occurred over the 
course of the year and your outlook for China, India, Russia, a lot of investor intention on those areas, you've pointed 
out before that your revenue last year was slightly over 300 million, I'm just wondering last year being '06, I'm just 
wondering how '07 ended up, and some forecast related thoughts for '08? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I will give you the color on that, and Jim could talk about the numbers. We are continuing to 
see Russia as a strong market for us, so we continue to put equipment in for upgrading existing mines and some new 
mine expansion projects, and we've opened a service center in -- we've actually rented a building from one of our 
customers and opened a service center at [inaudible] region to better serve that markets. So we're seeing continued 
improvement in the Russian market. It's a smaller market than a market like China, both where we do see the growth 
opportunities in that market and we see continued improvement and the interest in the mine owners to continue to 
invest in capacity expansion. The Indian market, I think we've always been a bit mixed between the longer-term 
outlook and the near-term reality of bureaucratic processes that tend to slow things down. 

So we're hopeful about India, but we don't see any thing that we're willing to put in our plans at this point. And in 
China, we're going through a transition process. The market in China continues to be a good strong market for us on the 
machine side, continuous miner, shuttle car, shearer machines. We have gone through the process where the Chinese 
customers have converted from importing a product like roof supports to looking for local sources, both roof supports, 
and that's been a transition process that has not had a huge effect on us, but it has had some effect on us. And we're 
seeing some -- both pressure and opportunity on our AFC products. So the product emphasis is changing in China from 
the products that are stronger for us in other markets. We're going to use the AFC factory in Tianjin to position 
ourselves for that product line roof supports have pretty much converted into low-cost resources. 


Although we see small opportunities there, one customer in particularly has now bought the roof support from three 
different Chinese manufacturers and is now going outside the industry to have a defense contractor like roof support. 
So they're trying to find the quality that they're used to for the prices that they want and I think that there will be some 
middle ground solution eventually there. But right now we're still targeting the $500 million project by 2010. We see 
that to be more machines and less roof supports than we did a couple of years ago, but we still see that target as fairly in 
sight. So that's all the color, I don't know what the numbers are --. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Mark, the color, I assume the numbers for '07 relative to '06 are not substantially 
different from what they were in '06. As Mike indicated and we've talked about in previous conference calls, this year 
has been a little bit of a challenge in China for us from a growth standpoint as there has been an emphasis by Chinese 
customers to try to buy a locally where possible. And so that slowed our rate there. We've also, as I mentioned just a 
couple of seconds ago, and as Mike has mentioned previously too, we find we have the highest market penetration 
where we have the best service infrastructure, and we don't have that service infrastructure yet in China. It is one of the 
things we are investing in both on '07 and '08 to build that infrastructure which should follow. So while we see strong 
potential in Russia and China continuing, and as Mike indicated, we are still in track for 500 million by 2010 in China 
alone. Our total emerging market sales are still in the 300 million plus or minus range, with China making – being the 
majority of it still and not substantially different from where it was in '06. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Jim, just to follow-up a little bit on that last thought here with regard to the machine type 
trends. Is the transition that's unfolding, if we are looking at – that your Chinese activity outside of roof supports, would 
you have some – would those categories show more substantial growth than the flattish overall year-over-year? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Well, I think roughly the equivalent in China right now, roof supports, we weren't 
extremely strong in China to begin with. Products in China have been more shears and other longwall components like 

– basically we weren't the market leader in roof supports. We've been hurt less by that roof, as Mike indicated. 
<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Presently we didn't have roof support revenue in China in 2006. So if you look at the 
numbers, we probably – we would see the roof support revenues down between '06 and '07 and stronger machine 
revenues between '06 and '07. So things like miners and shearing machines would be up and roof supports would be 
down between those two years. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady from BMO Capital Market. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: Hi, thanks and good morning. As a follow-up to that last question, is it fair to assume if there 
had been less roof supports and more cutting that your outlook for the overall margin mix in China ought to be better 
than what you were talking about, maybe a couple of years ago, longer-term? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, we are really confident about the long-term outlook, I mean, we see in other regions 
around the world, we've taken a position of being selective about the roof support projects that we actively try to book. 
We bid on some and we bid prices that we think are attractive to us, that they are often not that competitive. But in that 
process, we've been able to enjoy the better margin more technically sophisticated larger roof support projects and so in 
essence that strategy has allowed us to high grade the roof support projects that we do book. 

I think in China we are seeing the same thing, I think there still will be some sporadic roof support applications in 
China. I think the Chinese roof supports will have to give better technically and from a quality standpoint those costs 
will go up and that will change the differentials. But the long-term is for us to still be participants and still be selective. 
But our real growth opportunity is on the machines that we're putting a lot of emphasis on the machines in the factories 
we're building in China. 

We are trying to position ourselves as a Chinese manufacturer, we've talked earlier about the Joy Lite strategy in 
bringing on some machines that were more appropriately designed for the needs and conditions of the mid group of 
mining companies which is a much broader market and those companies will get better and improve. For us, it has been 


important to be on the ground floor of that, get in now and develop with them as they move to better and better 
equipment. So as we look out, we see the outlook to be – China, I still see the outlook to be better than it was a few 
years ago. More machines and less roof supports, and therefore, a market that looks more like our other markets around 
the world and it will generate more aftermarket and it will be more in train with the customer in our life cycle 
management programs. 

In fact we have, we – with one of our customers, we've signed up in the fourth quarter with a machine exchange 
program on a shearing machine. So we are rebuilding machines between panel changes and that's contractually, I think 
there is nine panel changes that are in that program. So we're starting to get that – the traction of the early life cycle 
management programs in China as well as so our outlook in China is very good. I think it's going to grow strongest in 
the areas where we have the greatest strength. And roof supports will fit in on a case-by-case basis where it makes 
sense to us to participate with decent and reasonable financials. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And from a margin standpoint, Charlie, I'll just remind you when we have looked at the 
Joy Lite strategy and other products that we introduced at the right price point and the right performance for the 
emerging markets. Our focus has been on maintaining percentage, percent margin, consistent with our other products 
that we sell in the western environment. And so on an absolute dollar-basis, the dollars might be a little bit lower 
because the price-points are lower, but the margin rates should hold up pretty well. 

<Q - Charles Brady>: And could you just talk about -- given the amount of cash flow you guys are throwing off, I 
understand a lot of that's been going to the buyback, but your appetite for acquisitions at the Analyst Day -- it sounds as 
though that's gotten a little more aggressive I guess in terms of what you guys are looking for and you've talked about 
organically looking at new product development, but I wonder does it makes sense for you guys and your acquisition 
strategy to look within China to partnering up whether it's a joint-venture or wholly owned. A Chinese local 
manufacturer could maybe be perceived more as a local Chinese supplier. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: This is Jim, Charlie. And yes, the answer is as we said we are going to get a little bit 
more aggressive there, we have added a VP of Corporate Development to our staff, he is up to his eyeballs already in 
opportunities; we don't comment on specific projects that we're working on and won't do that in the future either but 
suffice it to say that to get the products that we need in our portfolio, we are looking at both internal development as 
well as acquisition possibilities. 

Acquisitions in China as we have talked about previously also would get us access to a distribution channel for the 
middle tier customers there that we don't have any access to in addition to jump starting some of our manufacturing 
strategies in China. So there is three elements there that do appeal to us. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Gallo from CLK. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Hi, good morning. The question I have in an area perhaps I missed it but I didn't really hear you 
talk much about potential dragline activity, I was wondering if you comment on what you're seeing there in terms of the 
outlook going forward; obviously things like that starting to pick up again and the margins for those products on a 
go-forward basis certainly look better than they have been for several years. So I was wondering if you could comment 
on that a little bit? Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: I think in the Analyst Day we pointed out that we have changed – our view of the dragline 
market has changed in over the last several years, that's been a market that's been primarily a market for dragline 
relocations where the draglines move from one mine to another in many cases from one conduit to another and so there 
is a lot of used draglines moves that we have seen over the last several years, we have done some – other people have 
done some but there is only been probably on average a half a dragline a year, aside from a new dragline that has been 
ordered. 


As we look forward, as our customers move from brownfield to greenfield projects, as they look to greenfield projects 
they are going to have the opportunity to do a clean sheet of paper approach and we are seeing a lot more interest in 
draglines as result of that. The customers as they plan their new operations and they can size to a scale that's most 
efficient for them. So we're seeing the new dragline requirements being in what we are calling our ultra-class a bigger 
machines that is currently available today and so that is an opportunity going forward we are not -- at this point there is 
still some dragline opportunities somewhere between three and five dragline opportunities that are in the near term of 
conventional science draglines but longer term but beyond that we see customers moving to the ultra-class draglines. 

We see in the marketplace -- we see the customers much more interested in draglines and in they are beginning to get 
interested in this in-pit crushing technology as a way to minimize their truck freights, the truck freights are their highest 
cost component, high costs for labor, high costs for fuel, high-cost for maintenance, high cost for tires. So they are all 
looking for ways to minimize that particular cost element and on the overburden removal certainly draglines in the right 
conditions are an opportunity to do that and on a production basis the crushers coming in. So we do see an opportunity 
for draglines, we are working on some projects on our existing dragline models that those models are matching up with 
the requirements of the customers have, but the longer term opportunities will shift to this ultra-class dragline and we 
are going to start seeing bids and requirements around that's sort of beyond the current class, current size probably we 
starting the 2008, certainly the 2009 we should starts seeing more of that. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And that is set us apart Michael what we discussed about new products, that are reduced 
some operating leverage and development of that ultra-class that Mike referred to, we have some assumptions in 2008 
relative to the expense associated with the development of machine. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We are actually in addition to do that we are also repowering the existing dragline model 
from DC to AC. So we're preparing machines to be more in tune with the customers requirements with the existing size 
as well as beginning through the early stages of engineering development on the ultra-class. 

<Q - Michael Gallo>: Okay, great. Just a quick follow-up to that. Do you see some significant opportunities and you 
move to the ultra class, the industry moves to ultra-class draglines for Stamler in terms of crushing technology? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We'll see and we have been seeing a lot of opportunities for Stamler, taking advantage of 
the strong presence that our P&H have been in surface mining operations around the world. Stamler was a company 
that made equipments for surface and underground mining. But the vast majority of their equipment was used in 
underground mining. So we've seen the P&H sales organization around the world has drawn the Stamler guys into 
looking at bigger crushers, bigger -- higher capacity technology, and the size and models of Stamler is now offering 
keep going up and there, we're seeing more and more of those going into surface applications. 

Certainly, as we're looking at in-pit crushing Stamler will be a key part of that, because of their crushing technology, 
that we'll be keep of that overall development, we have development team that's to be comprised of people from 
Stamler and from P&H looking at their project today. Stamler is upside, and I always see probably the biggest upside is 
the surface mining and a number of industrial applications, power generating plants are the place where the coal has to 
get the recrushed and resize before it is put into the boilers. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy from Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Hi, good morning gentlemen. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Good morning, Rob. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: I'd like to follow-up Charlie's question if I may, and recognizing that you don't want to 
establish a policy of updating us on every acquisition initiative as you go. I sort to develop the impression that you 
might actually have consummated the deal in China by now. Can you talk about what is a more realistic expectation? 
Could we see something happen in '08 or is this really true unpredictable and it should not be any part of any near term 


expectations? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: At this point, Rob, we'd say it's very unpredictable as you can appreciate, purchasing 
companies in China is much different than the rest of the world you can put together some joint ventures and things like 
that as you know, take a lot of time. The guidance that we have provided does not include any assumptions or 
acquisitions in '08. So there will be if we are able to get that accomplished, I would be added to certain numbers that we 
have -- certainly would adjust the numbers that we put out. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, I would add to that Robert. We certainly are interested in China companies, because 
we think that it gives us a position, a local position that we can build up from with using our technology we can 
enhance their product range and do a lot of things that another buyer may not be able to do. But at the same time, there 
are a lot of opportunities, but a lot of opportunities with a lot of challenges and the regulatory environment in China is 
always changing. So you never know from month-to-month whether a target acquisition could even be done or not does 
that threshold seems to be changing almost on a constant basis. So we are working on those, and we are working hard 
to try to find something that would sort of meet our criteria. But like any acquisition it's highly uncertain until we get 
down to the final stages, we're certainly are at any final stages at this point. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Okay. Thanks. That's very helpful. And then, this is my second issue. I wonder if you could 
talk a little bit about the very strong bookings numbers that you showed at P&H, I'm interested in two or three things 
there, to what extent is that order volume of new machines stretch beyond the next 12 months? Could you talk about 
how much of your capacity has been sold prospectively in a sentient? I was very interested in the language that you 
used in the press release about the strong preference for your product, I'm tempted to read into that that you believe that 
in certain cases you might in beginning a price premium, I wonder if I'm reading too much into it? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Well, the -- I think in the press release we talked about the bookings involving a number 
of multiple machine requirements, we talked about how broadly disperse they were. So, I think it says a lot about the 
strength of the shovel market looking forward. But purposely, we have obviously over -- we're always are trying to do 
as much as we can to improve our margins and certainly in P&H guys over the last year, if you look over the fourth 
quarter, fourth quarter margin comparisons, those margins have improved quite significantly. Most of the preference 
right now that we see in the marketplace is the preference that compensates per lead time differentials, we are often 
quoting machines with much longer lead times than other quotes that customers receiving. And so, the fact that we are 
-- our customers are often willing to wait or to place you order far enough in advance to be able to have their choice of 
machines. 

We consider that to be a very positive for us. Certainly the shovel market has been recently disciplined and we continue 
to try to be disciplined in a way we approach it. But -- and we're trying to improve our margins all the time and that's 
been an ongoing thing. I don't think that the outlook for margin improvement today is essentially different than it was 
last year and the year before, I think in an up market, you always have the same positive conditions working for you. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: Yes. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: We are booking shovels right now in the 2010, we have some swaps in 2009. Although 
swaps we have in 2009, they have some customer names associated with them and we are working with the customers 
around their requirements, but that in our part the '07 -- 2008 booked up, 2009 is either booked or spoken for, and we 
are booking to 2010, we might have a couple of swaps moving around based upon requirements. I don't think the BHP 
Billiton's OGX project keeps sliding and that, keep shuffling swaps around every time they can know the project in 
another six months. And so, though those kind of things are continuing to go up, basically we've got a few 
opportunities in 2009 maybe, and then mostly it's 2010 at this point. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Fox from Fenimore Asset Management. 


<Q - John Fox>: Hi, good morning. Still wondering if you have a guidance figure for CapEx for 2008? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: John, we've got into 3.5 to 4% of sales for CapEx, which is almost double of what we have 
doing over the last several years. 

<Q - John Fox>: Okay. So no change from the analyst meeting using that range? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: No. 

<Q - John Fox>: Okay. And the follow-up is you are clearing your release on completing your buyback by the end of 
the fiscal year, and do expect to do that from free cash flow, not going into the cash of the balance sheet or anything? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: We expect to do it from free cash flow. Whether we use it any of the cash on the balance 
sheet remains to be seen. But we don't anticipate ever to use the revolver that way. 

<Q - John Fox>: And I know that can change with acquisitions etcetera. But that's the intention to that? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: That is the Intension to the that, yes. 

<Q - John Fox>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Bleustein from UBS. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Hi, good morning 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi, David. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Can I take you back to the draglines. Can you try to put some parameters around if the world 
was ordering half a dragline per year over last couple of years, somewhere out in 2012 or 13 or whatever year you want 
to run rate it what do you think that comparable run rate is from 2012 to 2020? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, 2020 gets a little bit far out, but if we look out at 2010 to 2015 for example. Our 
estimate on that is that there is a market there for 2 to 3 draglines a year. We have got a prospect list that will show six 
or eight draglines in the early years. But we have a prospect list that will show 80 or 90 shovels in the early years as 
well and those prospects are always moving projects or sliding and getting delayed so, and by the time that you make 
your adjustments from what's on the real prospect list to the levels that would normally get order down to that prospect 
list. You're going to be in the two to three dragline range. It's – certainly we don't see the market going five to six or six 
to eight or anything like that. 

<Q - Robert McCarthy>: And of those two to three or 10 to 15 over that five-year window, what percentage of those, 
what's your market share? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: 100% seems unrealistic. I mean you look back at – over the last few years, I mean, let's 
go back over the last 10 or 12 years – P&H has gotten the majority of the draglines that have been booked over the last 
10 years or so. I go back to last decade we haven't been very strong participants in the dragline market in the early part 
of the cycle 2003, 4, 5 because the margins were pretty meager at that point; we were just not willing to quote the 
prices that the customer seemed to demand to get the booking. 

Now the margin opportunities have gotten significantly better on the draglines. Customers' economics have gotten 
better and that has allowed the margins to get better. Some markets look a lot more attractive to us. So I think as long as 
the margins are reasonable and we can book them with reasonable margins. We should be able to get a good share to 
that business, whether it's 50% or 60 or 40 – it will be hard to tell but I certainly think that market should roll out to be 
consistent with our other market shares in other product lines. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Barry Bannister from Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Hi guys, just a clarification before my questions. Did you say that the tax rate on a book basis 
is changing; I know you changed your cash rate? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Yes. I think we have previously guided 31, 32% on a book rate. We are now projecting 
that '08 will be 34%. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Okay. Very good. Now the percent in aftermarket is steadily increasing in your mix and your 
incremental EBIT margin for '03 to '06 was a reliable low 30's percentile and you began and ended '07 with between 38 
and 50% incremental margins. Now, I understand the guidance on investing some of the profit back into the business to 
grow in China, it's a great idea, but if you finish the year out at a typical margin, the full-year incremental would 
probably come in closer to mid-20s and the exactly 20 implied by the mid-point of guidance. So, I'm not putting you in 
a spot, but are you generally conservative, because that just so far out? And how should we take your margin guidance? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, I think, Barry – as you look at where we've gotten our guidance over the past – we've 
gotten a big portion of our guidance by going from unfavorable overhead absorption as we've lowered up factories and 
got the benefit of doing that. And as we've now moved from expanding our capacity and opening new factories, we 
limit the ability to get that same amount of overhead absorption into the leverage number. Certainly, we – in the days 
where steel prices were running at huge numbers and our price increases were having to keep pace with that. 

We got some benefit of the bow-weight that that created. In today's market, we still have pricing opportunities and 
margin improvement opportunities but we've got to be much more rational about them, unless some of that comes 
along that helps uplift those. And then we've seen our SG&A expenses pick up as a percentage of sales as we've 
increased the investments that we're making in China and in research and development for some new product 
opportunities. So by the time you roll that together, we really – we are not trying to be unrealistically conservative, but 
we do see the guidance numbers or the operating leverage numbers under some pressure in 2008, more or so than we've 
seen in prior years as we start-up some of these investment programs. And as a result, I think we are – we do really 
believe that the operating leverage is going to be sort of in that range. We don't think that we're going to – we're 
undershooting it to be too conservative at this point. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And Barry, although the aftermarket business did improve in '06, excuse me, in '07, due 
to the – basically due to the weakness in the U.S. market, or [inaudible]. In '08, in our projections, we are right now 
forecasting that the OE business will grow faster than the aftermarket business. And in fact, if you go back to the 
September discussions we had with Analyst Day, we were looking at over the course of the five-year horizon we 
presented that relatively strong OE sales, which does tend to drag the operating margin down a little bit relative to the 
mix of sales. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: And then lastly, I think I had heard that Joy Global management had said that you had won a 
large order at a project called Olympic Dam, it was about 12 shovels and 15 drills, I believe. And I don't know if I saw 
the press release on that, and I may have misheard or mistook what I heard, but did you say anything about Olympic 
Dam, and is there anything going on there, has it been press released? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: No. We've said nothing on Olympic Dam. And Olympic Dam is a large project. But it 
continues to get delayed -- for the last – that we've been advised on that. It's delayed another six months. So that's a big 
project where the customer is obviously preoccupied with the acquisition work that they are trying to get done in the 
marketplace. So, we – Olympic Dam is delayed. The customer has not made any decisions on equipment and we've not 
made any announcement on that. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And typically, too, Barry, we don't make announcements on specific customer orders 
but Olympic Dam by itself has not been awarded yet. 

<Q - Barry Bannister>: Good, thanks a lot. 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Sure thing. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss from Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Scott Gaffner>: Hi guys, this is Scott Gaffner filling in for Joel. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hi, Scott. 

<Q - Scott Gaffner>: I was just curious on the low-cost country manufacturing strategy. When should we kind of start 
to feel the impact of that on the margin side, and then also about what percentage of the inputs come from the low-cost 
countries now and where can we get that to in the near future? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, we're really in early stages of our low-cost country manufacturing, we've started up 
the Joy factory in China, and we've moved our AFC pans out of the UK to China. So now China is now the 
manufacturing source for the AFC pans and will continue to load up that factory. The P&H, their first factory is going 
to be coming online in mid 2008 and we'll spend the back half of 2008 actually ramping up and going through the 
debugging process. That probably will take a little bit longer than normal, because it's easier to expand an existing 
factory, you have very experienced and capable management and technical support there to work with. These new 
factories in China started with a new workforce and everything is new and then you're training the workforce and 
debugging the workforce as well as you are debugging the machines in the factory processes. And so we won't get a 
huge benefit from that first P&H factory in the back half of the year. We'll get some but we won't get a huge benefit. 
And in the second factory that we are underway just approved of a lot in our likelihood will not be coming online from 
mid-2009. So -- by that mid 2009 point, we could have in the neighborhood of 15% of our worldwide capacity coming 
out of China factories. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: And then just to reinforce, Scott, when we saw at the Analyst Day, our goal five years 
out is to have roughly 35% of our cost structure coming from low-cost countries, by that point in time, and we'll 
continue to --. 

<Q - Scott Gaffner>: Okay, we know that goal is by, you said 2012 for that goal? 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: 2012. 

<Q - Scott Gaffner>: Okay -- And then, sorry. 

<A - James Woodward, Jr.>: Just on averages, tell me on the Joy factory we are currently importing steel to use in 
that manufacturing process because of quality issues. It's not giving us a full cost-benefit right now. We'll convert that 
over once we get the grades of steel that we need in China. So there is sometimes, a two-step process between starting 
up your factory and building products and getting supply raw materials. That match up with the long-term objectives. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: One of the things, I think as an important point with the new factory in China, we've 
accelerated the movement out of UK a little bit which was as we've discussed previously, a little different than what 
we've originally anticipated with that plant in there. Part of the reason for that was because while we're not getting a lot 
of cost reduction from that facility, yet we are building a low class product there, the same product that our customers 
can buy anywhere else in the world. In fact you can argue that it maybe even be better in terms of some of the 
processes that we have there. And initially some of our targeted customers in China wanted to bring substantial 
reductions to buy from the plant. And we maintained our discipline and are now using that plant to serve our western 
customers, in addition to the Chinese customers. We are not discounting prices and do not intend to, we're building 
them in China. 

<Q - Scott Gaffner>: Okay, great. And then also just on the internal restructuring, with that kind of winding down, 
when should we expect the margins to kind of get a benefit, just from those efforts of winding down and what are your 
currently seeing in the competitive landscape, just in general? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: When you talk about internal restructuring that's the cost that we wrote off in the third 
quarter for some workforce reductions and downsizing. 

<Q - Scott Gaffner>: Correct. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Some of that was in the UK as we reduced the AFC pan manufacturing in the UK and 
moved that to China. So those costs have come out, we are not -- it is not going to have a huge impact because of that 
we can close down a factory and by now we are just closed down some of the work that was done in a factory. So we 
haven't got a full benefit of overhead reduction yet. And in the U.S. we have had some head count reductions and -again 
we have not shut down any factories in the U.S. and with the improvement in the U.S. market we should be able 
to leverage back up the load in some of the factories we have. So I think we will see some improvement in 2008, but it 
won't be any significant monumental improvement I think we took a $3 million write-off on those workforce reductions 
and we expected the payback to be less than the year so you should see some benefit in 2008 but it's not going to be a 
huge number in the mix of things. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Barger from KeyBanc Capital Markets. 

<Q>: Good morning gentlemen. This is actually [inaudible] on for Steve. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Hey [inaudible]. 

<Q>: Can you talk a little bit about what you are hearing from some of your domestic coal customers in terms of 
CapEx spend for 2008? And also do you think that you could breakup this out between metallurgical coal and thermal 
coal? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Well, the prospect list that we working on right now is expanding and we are just seeing a 
lot of activity from our US customers. As they prepare their budgets for 2008, we haven't seen that in terms of – we 
were seeing some benefit of orders, the order rate is up, the original equipment order rate is up, even if you take the one 
large order rates out. You take that out of the equation the order rate still is up significantly, but there is just a lot more 
activity and people discussing equipment availability, configurations, build slots and getting prepared for 2008. So we 
think that there will be some noticeable improvement in the order rate in 2008. 

We would just though caution you that there is a lag time between orders and delivery on products because of the high 
engineering content that sometimes can be six to nine months lag time. So we are seeing a pretty strong and robust 
improvement in the US market. The metallurgical grade coal, largely that's going to come out of the Appalachian 
regions, Central and Southern Appalachian region and those customers are being – those customers with export 
capability are being very aggressive right now and they are trying to ramp up their production, to take advantage of the 
export market. 

We are also seeing again new mine programs begin to look at the timing of their new mining programs around thermal 
coal demand and realization that it bring new mine online. They supply thermal coal into the market in 2009 they need 
to start making some decisions reasonably soon to begin to get the equipment on order and the other infrastructure 
things builds. So I think that you will see an improvement in both sides of that equation. I think you will see the 
aggressive quick start on the met coal market and that will be probably mostly felt in Central Appalachian but I think 
you will see a steadier and a longer term build up in the US market as the coal comes back on line to meet the power 
demand growth. 

<Q>: Okay. And also during your Analyst Day, you talked about 21 gigawatts or roughly 74 million tones incremental 
of coal needed to fuel the new capacity coming online. I think now you're talking about 21 gigawatts which should 
translate to about 100 million tons of coal. What's the underlying driver for the increase in coal there? 


<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Its coal – it's primarily driven by assumptions of whether it's going to be eastern or western 
coal that feeds those power plants. Eastern coal will typically have a BTU heat content of, sorts of between 11 and 
13,000 BTUs, western coal will be in the 8,500 to 8,800 range. So if you are assuming PRB coal is a higher portion of a 
mix, then it takes more tones to get the same amount of power generated. And so that – it's not anything to do with the 
power plant themselves, just an assumption of where it's going to come from that that causes a little bit of variation 
there. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber from Bank of America. 

<Q - Seth Weber>: Thanks. My questions have all been asked and answered. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks, Seth. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek from Cleveland Research. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Mike, in your prepared remarks, you made a statement about 
some sort of initiative that you are just beginning that is leading to, I think you quoted 40% productivity improvements. 
And I am just wondering if you could go through that again and elaborate a little bit more as to what's actually going on 
there and what sort of opportunities that provides in the near-term from a – is it a retrofit opportunity or is this new 
machinery that is capturing this kind of benefit, or what it exactly is that, please? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes. We've been in development on – in South Africa, primarily where this development is 
being going on. But we've been in development of using controls and automation expense translate that information up 
to the surface and then using the – the guy from the surface to monitor operations underground and with that we've 
been able to explain to the customer that the continuous mining is only cutting coal 20% a time and there is a lot of 
dead time that's not being productively used. Then we can look at the sequencing of shuttle cars and continuous miners, 
and talk them about better sequencing, sometimes it's traditional way where your continuous miner would be used to be 
to do a full sump and a full shear and that might be more than one shuttle car load. 

So you are three-fourths of weight of that sump-shear cycle and you are waiting on a shuttle car change out, and we 
have been able to demonstrate that is much more efficient to sump and shear, just enough coal to load one shuttle car, 
get that car away and get the next car in and that will improve your production rates. So, its just controls and 
automation based programs and ability to monitor what's going on underground with the machines and between 
machines, and using those consulting services, that's really been the basis for the productivity. It's not that we've got 
bigger, better machines, I mean all this took also, it allow us to look at improvements in our machines, but the biggest 
gain has come from using the knowledge we have with the customer to get them to look at opportunities to make their 
operations more efficient and they've gotten the benefit of that. 

So, if we look at our life cycle management programs beginning to add on this controls and automation called JSRP, 
JNA Surface Reporting programs and being able to use that to give them higher levels of productivity efficiency is 
really paying off very well, and customers are linking that into their new machine requirements. And that's caused us to 
build this technical support center where we have guys at around 24/7 basis who are monitoring operations on the 
ground with a number of different customers. Now that tech centers being built in South Africa are based upon 
essentially how they, but its also translated out into to other regions, where we are starting to see more interest in the 
US, in Australia, and other areas that are more sophisticated, seeing the opportunities to make their equipment perform 
to higher levels of productivity and get more value out it. And we get more value out of programs, where they were 
operating on these expanding cost-per-ton program. So it is really not new – different machines, it's using the smart 
services to develop model of the machines in combination is fully paying of for us. 


<Q - Mark Koznarek>: So this is a software system that is a separate product, it's a revenue driving initiative? 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Yes, we deliver that as an extension of our life cycle management program. So we may have 
customer on a cost per ton program, this adds to that cost-per-ton program for expanding services that we are doing. 
Maintenance, repairs, periodic rebuilds, monitoring of – the software monitoring of the production of the ground and 
trying to improve the sequencing to improve production rates. The combination of all of that is done is very, very 
significant improvements in those production rates. 

<Q - Mark Koznarek>: Okay. It sounds promising. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Sutherlin>: Thanks. 

<A - James Woodward>: Vanessa we will take one more question, and wrap it up. 

Operator 

At this time we have no further question. 

Michael W. Sutherlin, Chief Executive Officer and President 

Very good. I'd just like to close out by again thanking everyone for spending the time with us on this call. We really 
appreciate your participation and your support, and again we finished 2007 and start 2008 very optimistically, just a lot 
of good things going on in all of our markets and we think that there is – as we look into 2008, there is a lot of 
opportunity for us and more race to the upside and there is the downside in the markets that we serve and we are very, 
very enthusiastic about that. So we are looking forward to future earnings calls of 2008, and we will see you on our first 
quarter earnings call in early February. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


