Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations 
• Richard P. Wallace, Chief Executive Officer 
• Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Brett Hodess 
• Christopher Muse 
• James Covello 
• Raj Seth 
• Weston Twigg 
• Gary Hsueh 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Patrick Ho 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Abigail, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to 
welcome everyone to the KLA-Tencor Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ed Lockwood with KLA-Tencor. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Abigail. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to KLA-Tencor's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2009 Financial 
Results Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer; 
and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer. We're here today to discuss third quarter results for the period ended 
March 31, 2009. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the release, you 
can find it on our website at www.kla-tencor.com, or call 408-875-3600 to request a copy. 

Rick will lead off today's call with updates on the current market environment and the company's performance in the 
March quarter, and provide guidance for the June quarter. Afterwards Mark Dentinger will review the preliminary 
financial results for the quarter. And then we'll open the call for questions. 

A simulcast of this call will be accessible on-demand following its completion on the Investors section of our website. 
On the website, you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations, and investor conferences, as well as 
links to KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2008, and 
our subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings, you will find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our 
future results. 


As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this 
call today, are subject to those risks. And KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come 
true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking results. More information 
regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC from time to time, 
including our fiscal year 2008 Form 10-K, as well as our subsequent form 10-Q and 8-K filings. 

Although we make no obligation to update those forward-looking statements, you could be assured that any updates we 
do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick. 

Richard P. Wallace, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Ed. Thank you all for joining us for our call today. I'll lead off with a brief overview of highlights of the 
quarter and provide commentary on what we're seeing in the marketplace today and guidance for the fourth quarter. 
Then Mark will follow with further details on the financial results. And finally we'll conclude with your questions. 

First, my perspective on some highlights of the quarter. KLA-Tencor met our bookings and revenue guidance in the 
third quarter despite continued weakness in the global economy and very low levels of demand in the semiconductor 
equipment market. Our results show we're adapting well in this tough environment and successfully managing our 
business in a climate where visibility continues to be poor, and demand beyond the near term remains very difficult to 
predict. 

Revenue in the third quarter came in above the midpoint of guidance at $310 million. The non-GAAP net loss per share 
including stock-based compensation, but excluding some one-time items, was a loss of $0.34 in Q3. This net loss figure 
includes about $0.18 per share related to a charge for state taxes that we took in the quarter. Excluding this tax charge, 
loss per share would have been better than guidance in Q3, as operating expenses were lower in the quarter than our 
original outlook. 

As previously announced in March, we took action to adjust our cost structure and the lower business levels we're 
expecting over the near and intermediate term, and to position the company to meet our breakeven target. 

But notwithstanding our emphasis on managing costs, we're continuing to focus on our customers and sustaining a high 
level of investment in R&D, maintaining a prolific pace of new product introduction, which will better position 
KLA-Tencor to extend our lead in our core market and to benefit from future growth. 

Turning to the March quarter demand picture, new orders in Q3 were above the midpoint of the range of guidance in 
the quarter at $274 million, an increase of approximately 13% over the December quarter. The new order activity that 
we saw in the March quarter was driven by leading-edge customers investing in their advanced design rules to support 
an improving demand environment for advanced devices. 

While we are encouraged by the technology orders that we received, it's important to point out that they were limited to 
a small number of customers. Based upon what we saw in March and what we anticipate for the rest of the calendar 
year, 2009 capital investments appear to be primarily focused on technology development with significant capacity 
investments not anticipated until 2010. 

Given the focus on advanced technologies, we continue to model overall CapEx to be down in calendar year 2009, 
somewhere in the range of down 45 to down 50% off of 2008. KLA-Tencor is well-positioned in a technology-focused 
demand environment [audio gap] when capacity investment resumes. 

Now let's turn to the environment in Q3 and development for the quarter. As I [audio gap] $4 million, an increase of 
approximately 13% over the December level. Investments in Q3 were primarily focused on foundry and logic advanced 
design rules. Logic was relatively strong in Q3 with 46% of the orders coming from this market. We expect to see 
continued investment in logic in the near term. 


Foundry investments in Q3 were approximately 40% of our orders. Our foundry customers invested broadly across our 
product line and for their next-generation wafer needs, reticle, and metrology products in order to support their 
advanced design roll down. We expect foundries to continue to invest in the near term as well. 

Memory remained flat off of very low December levels, as the industry continues to process a gradual rationalization of 
excess capacity and to sort out issues stemming from ongoing consolidation and constraints on investment capital. In 
general, we see pause in memory investment as largely a timing issue. We expect memory investment in advanced 
technology development to resume in due course in the second half of calendar 2009. However, in the near term we 
expect the technology investment to be limited to market leaders. 

Overall while the business environment is certainly challenging and likely to remain so, we are seeing leading 
customers making technology investments to support their next-generation product development efforts. We're 
encouraged by this activity and believe this trend is likely to continue over the course of the next few quarters. 

Now I'd like to take a minute to highlight some of the benefit we're seeing from executing on our customer focus 
objective in today's market environment. In a climate where many competitors are in survival mode, investment and 
innovation remains a top priority for KT. It brings us closer to the customer, it extends our competitive advantage, and 
it strengthens our leadership position as a trusted technology partner in this very challenging business environment. 

Our continuing commitment to making high levels of investment is a key element of our approach to the market in this 
downturn and is critical to our sustained success in the future. In fact, as the current downturn drags on, we find we're 
engaging even more closely than ever with our customer and enjoying a generally more collaborative environment in 
the marketplace as our customers are placing a heightened emphasis on their suppliers' ability to deliver future 
roadmaps in these tough times. 

And I also believe we measure our success in customer focus by our market share. And while it's natural for customers 
to evaluate alternatives to ensure that their investment is well spent, we worked hard to maintain our market leadership 
position in the markets that we serve. We collaborated closely with our customers. We continued to invest and innovate 
in our products, and we've executed well in our product introduction process. 

The buying decisions made by our customers has validated our approach, as we once again find ourselves building 
upon our market strength and our core market, while at the same time making share gains in markets where we have 
historically had lower share, like e-beam review. In addition to the strength of our current product offering, we believe 
we're significantly out-investing our competitors, and we'll be in a position to bring new products to the market more 
quickly over the next few quarters. Our close customer collaborations in conjunction with our upcoming new product 
will serve us well as the market recovers. 

Before I turn the call over to Mark, I'd like to provide our guidance for the fourth quarter. Given the uncertainty in the 
market, forecasting continues to be challenging in this environment. As mentioned earlier, calendar year 2009 appears 
to be focused on technology investments, with only a subset of our customers able to invest in the near term. 

Now for specifics on guidance, new orders in June are expected to be flat compared with March, plus or minus 20%. 
Revenues are expected to be between $270 million and $310 million, with a non-GAAP loss per share in the range of a 
loss of $0.08 per share to a loss of $0.24. 

I will now turn the call over to Mark for his comments. Mark? 

Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Rick. As most of you know, we present our income statement in two formats: one under generally accepted 
accounting principles, or GAAP; and the other in a non-GAAP format, which excludes amortization and write-downs 
of goodwill and intangible assets associated with acquisitions, expenses associated with our stock options investigation 
and related litigation, and any other costs and expenses which we do not expect to be recurring such as restructuring 
charges. 


Our balance sheet and cash flow statements are presented in GAAP format only. Most of my prepared remarks on 
operations will reference a non-GAAP income statement. But where I reference GAAP numbers, I'll make the 
distinction. A full reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP income statement is attached to our press release and 
available at our corporate website at kla-tencor.com. 

Revenue for Q3 was $310 million, at the high-end of the guidance we provided in January of 280 to $320 million. And 
the non-GAAP loss per share was $0.34, at the low-end of our guidance range of 20 to $0.35 loss per share. The 
larger-than-anticipated loss was affected by a $29-million tax charge following a change in California's law this 
quarter. Without this charge, our non-GAAP taxes for Q3 would have been a $10-million benefit, reducing our 
non-GAAP per share to $0.17. Our Q3 GAAP loss per share including the aforementioned tax charge was $0.49. 

A summary of the differences between the Q3 GAAP and non-GAAP numbers are: acquisition-related charges of $17 
million or $0.06 per share after taxes, stock option restatement-related charges of $2 million or $0.01 per share after 
taxes, and restructuring and severance charges of $19 million or $0.07 per share after taxes. 

While Q3 was similar to Q2 in several respects, there were signs that business is stabilizing. As Rick indicated, 
although the environment is extremely challenging and visibility remains low, technology buys for advanced 
production nodes from key customers drove orders to the top end of our guidance range. Despite these difficult 
circumstances, our market-leading position remains strong as we continue addressing our customers' complex yield 
challenges at advanced nodes. 

New orders for Q3 were 274 million, an increase of 13% over Q2 and at the high end of our guided range of flat plus or 
minus 20% from last quarter's new bookings of 243 million. Approximately $28 million of customer-initiated shipment 
delays pushed out of the 12-month window, resulting in net new orders of $246 million. We expect most of the 
pushed-out orders to re-enter our backlog in the next six to nine months. 

We ended the quarter with $543 million in total systems backlog after adjusting for customer-initiated delays and 
foreign exchange impacts. The backlog at March 31, 2009 included $127 million of revenue backlog for products that 
have been shipped and invoiced but have not yet been recognized as revenue, and $416 million in product orders that 
have not yet shipped. We expect the vast majority of the unshipped backlog to ship over the remainder of the calendar 
year. 

The approximate regional distribution of new system orders and the quarter-to-quarter change in regional distribution 
was as follows. The U.S. was 43% of new system orders in Q3, down from 64% in the December quarter. Europe was 
2%, down from 7% in Q2 of '09. Japan was 11%, down from 22% last quarter. Korea was 9% versus no new systems 
orders last quarter. Taiwan was 31% versus 3% last quarter. And the rest of Asia was 4%, the same as we reported in 
Q2. 

The approximate Q3 distribution of new systems and services orders by market, as well as the quarter to quarter change 
in market distribution, was as follows. Wafer inspection was 32%, up from 22% last quarter. Reticle inspection was 
17%, up from 8% last quarter. Metrology was 10%, down from 15% in the prior quarter. And storage, solar, 
high-brightness LED, and other non-semi was approximately 2%, down from 7% last quarter. Service was 39% of the 
orders in Q3, down from 48% last quarter. 

With technology purchases generating most of the activity this quarter, 45-nanometer and below development pilot 
activity is roughly 95% of the semiconductor system orders received in the quarter. This level was up from 70% in the 
December quarter. 

While some key business indicators improved during March, we are cautious about the intensity and duration of the 
improvement. As a result, we are continuing with plans to reduce our operating expenses, and we are assuming new 
orders in Q4 in the range of flat to plus or minus 20% from Q3. 

Shipments in Q3 were $277 million, down 15% from the $327 million in the December quarter. 

Looking at our income statement, systems revenue for the quarter was $207 million or 67% of total revenue, versus 
$273 million or 69% of revenue in Q2. 


Our services revenue in Q3 was $102 million or 33% of total revenue. Services revenue declined $21 million or 17% 
from the prior quarter, as low utilization rates led several customers to suspend service contracts and idle tools use in 
response to the downturn. Our current expectation for total revenue in Q4 is a range of 270 to $310 million. 

Non-GAAP gross margin was 38%, down eight percentage points from the December quarter, primarily due to lower 
revenue levels and additional reserves for excess inventories. These factors were partially offset by a stronger systems 
mix and lower labor cost following our Q2 restructuring action. 

In Q4 we expect to improve our gross margin percentage assuming build plans stabilize and therefore additional 
reserve requirements niche. The gross margin improvement resulting from more stable build plans should more than 
offset the effect of slightly lower revenue levels. 

Operating expenses were $152 million, down $47 million from the December quarter. R&D was $77 million in Q3, 
down $12 million from December. And selling, general, and administrative expenses, or SG&A, were $74 million, a 
$35-million decrease from last quarter. 

The quarter-over-quarter operating expense changes were largely due to lower average head count in all areas of the 
company, including both R&D and SG&A following our staff reductions in November – these actions reduced our 
employee expenses by about $17 million from the prior quarter – lower project material spend as a number of key 
development programs move into alpha and beta test phases; and in Q2 we reported a $24-million increase in our 
allowance for doubtful accounts to reflect collection concerns about certain customers who were experiencing financial 
difficulty. 

In Q3 no new bad debt charges were required, so the SG&A expense comparatively was favorably impacted. In Q4, 
assuming there are no significant additions required to our bad debt reserve, we anticipate that operating expenses will 
decrease by approximately 3 to $5 million in Q3 as we realize the partial effect from our March cost reduction 
measures. 

Other income and expense, or OIE, was a net $5-million expense for Q3, or approximately $6 million lower than we 
expected due to a non-recurring gain on disposal of an investment in exchange gains. These favorable factors were 
partially offset by lower yields on our cash and marketable securities portfolio. OIE was a $12-million expense in fiscal 
Q2, in part due to a $4-million charge against our venture investments. In Q4 we expect net OIE to return to the 
10-to-$11-million expense range. 

In Q3 our non-GAAP income tax expense was a $19-million charge versus a 29% benefit or an $8 million credit last 
quarter. As I mentioned earlier, the Q3 tax expense resulted largely from a $29-million charge based on our anticipated 
election to change our California income tax apportionment methodology in fiscal 2012. This anticipated change in 
apportionment required us to reduce our deferred tax asset this quarter, but the change will not have much impact on 
our long-term tax rate. 

As we have discussed in prior calls, lower negative pre-tax profits, mix of business, and changes in governmental 
factors make predicting short-term tax rates difficult. But we do expect our long-term rate to be about 30%, and we are 
modeling a 30% benefit for our June quarter. 

Our non-GAAP loss was $58 million or $0.34 per share in Q3. These numbers include stock-based compensation 
expense of $23 million, and related shares used to compute the loss per share were 170 million. At the revenue range I 
previously mentioned, we would expect a Q4 non-GAAP loss of 8 to $0.24 per share, assuming a tax benefit of 30% 
and further assuming that there are no unanticipated charges required for customer collection issues or excess 
inventory. 

On a GAAP basis, we also recorded a $17-million pre-tax charge in Q3 associated with the March reduction in force, 
which will lower our head count by about 10% over the remainder of calendar 2009. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments including long-term marketable securities ended the quarter at 1.3 
billion, an increase of $35 million quarter-to-quarter. Cash generated from operations was $76 million in Q3 versus $36 


million used in operations during Q2. We also used $25 million in Q3 to pay our dividend. 

The net $112-million quarter-over-quarter improvement in operating cash included the benefit of an income tax refund 
of about $40 million, significant declines in receivables and gross inventories, and the fact that our $26-million 
semi-annual interest payments on our long-term debt occur in our second and fourth quarter. 

The net accounts receivables ended the quarter at $241 million, down $91 million from December 31, 2008. DSOs 
were 71 days at March 31 versus 76 days at the end of December. As I noted, there were no additional charges for bad 
debt expense during Q3. Net inventories decreased by $61 million from last quarter and ended the quarter at $412 
million. 

A portion of the decrease in the balance resulted from $32 million in new charges for excess material. Net capital 
expenditures were $3 million in Q3 versus $7 million in Q2. 

The weighted average shares in Q3 were 170 million versus 169 million in Q2. For the June quarter, we are expecting 
another loss, so our weighted average shares are expected to be about 171 million, and no stock repurchases are 
anticipated this quarter. 

Total head count ended the quarter at 5,402, a net decrease of 492 from December 31. The decrease in Q3 largely 
occurred following a reduction in force we took in late November, as the large portion of the impacted employees came 
off the payroll in late January. We expect our head count will decline during Q4 as a result of our March reduction. 

In our October and January calls, we now plan to reduce our quarterly operating expenses to the 140-to-$145-million 
range by our December quarter. And doing so would allow us to achieve breakeven operating margin on revenue of 
300 to $325 million. We took significant steps during Q3 toward these spending targets, and we currently anticipate 
that we will not require additional significant actions in order to reach these operating expense levels. 

In summary, our guidance for Q4 is to be flat plus or minus 20% versus Q3; total revenue between 270 and 310 
million, assuming a tax benefit of 30% of the pre-tax loss. 

This concludes our prepared remarks on the quarter. I will now turn the call back over to Ed to begin Q&A. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Okay. Thanks, Mark. We're now ready to take your questions. And we once again request each participant to limit one 
question and a brief follow-up to allow us to get as many callers as possible in the time allotted today. With that, 
Abigail, we're ready for our first question. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Brett Hodess with Banc of America-Merrill Lynch. 
Your line is open. 

<Q - Brett Hodess>: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. Two questions – Rick, it looks like your 
wafer inspection, reticle inspection orders actually grew quite strongly sequentially versus the other businesses, and 
obviously technology-driven. But can you tell us if that sequential growth was new product-driven, or was it tied to a 
specific technology node? And was there some share gain in those areas? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure, Brett. I guess it's really related to the investment we saw fundamentally in advanced 
design rules, which is as we said most of what's going on right now. But we believe that our share position's very 
strong, I think that in this environment there's a bit of a flight to quality by our customers, where they've got to make 
sure their investment dollars are optimized and our new products are showing very well. 


Plus remember we've continued to invest in our product development through this cycle so that these are advance 
products that are coming out. So we're seeing them being leveraged for the advanced design rule work, and at the same 
time we're very strong from a market share perspective. 

<Q - Brett Hodess>: And my follow-on to that was when you look at the product mix, these are usually your best 
margin products. So are you seeing the margins being maintained on – I know you have under-absorption issues, but 
are the margins being maintained on a product-specific basis? And you particularly pointed out like e-beam review, 
which you're gaining share in. Does that have the kind of margins that the other inspection and products have? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Right, as you know, we don't break out by product, Brett. But it's clear in the market areas 
where we're stronger we benefit from relative volume. And so I would say that once we reach a normalized level, we're 
in the same margin range that we've been in the past. But we have some EM&D absorption going on right now. 

So we're pleased with our margins. At the same time we have a customer base that's very mindful of value. So our 
pricing strategy, while we've not really reduced prices in this environment, we've maintained margins equivalent to 
what we've had in the past. 

The newer products like review, where we have made some good share gains, still have smaller volumes. So the 
margins there are going to be less. And we've got longer-term plans as we ramp our shares there to improve margins on 
those products. 

<Q - Brett Hodess>: Thank you. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Thanks, Brett. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citi. Your line is open. 

<Q>: Yes, hi. This is Junaid Ahmed calling in for Tim. Thanks for taking the question. My first question, Rick, with 
respect to your served available market, could you kind of quantify how that's growing over the past several years with 
your entry into new markets and all the acquisitions that you've done, kind of maybe on a percentage basis? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, sure. It's hard to quantify that in this current market given the overall level of demand 
that's going on. But when we outlined the acquisitions I'd say probably three to four quarters ago, we talked about in the 
range of 600 to maybe $900 million of available TAM that's opened up to us in a more normalized environment. And I 
would still say that's true. Much of that's dormant right now. And we're not seeing a lot of business in those segments 
based on overall macroeconomic situation. 

<Q>: And as my second question regarding margins, if I look to where your revenues troughed in the last cycle, it was 
kind of around the same 300-million range. And at that level the margins were almost seven to 800 basis points higher 
than it is this quarter. Even accounting for the like higher service revenue that you have now, should we like be 
modeling like some permanent degradation over there? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: No. We've done that analysis, and I think it's really important to make sure that you're 
looking at comparable points and comparable data. So we go back to March '03, and that looks like a similar level of 
revenue. And I'd say that what we model is there's about 200 basis points difference once we get the cost out that we've 
modeled by the end of the year. So if you took our revenue now and our cost structure, we'd have, by the end of the 
year there is a couple of hundred basis points between the two. So pretty close. 

And then there's additional cost reduction structure that we think we'll get out. So we think it's within 100 basis points, 
apples-to-apples comparison, because for example you have share-based comp now; you didn't have it then. And so 
there's some other factors when you look to net income with OIE, where we're servicing debt now and we were getting 
income then. So apples-to-apples on a profit from operations, we think it's probably 100 basis points. And again it 
allows us to access significantly a larger market overall. So we think that's a reasonable position to be in. 


<Q>: So if revenues go to like in the 400-million range, what type of gross margins would you be kind of thinking? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Well, from where we are today, our system margins are still pretty good. We get hit with the 
EM&D in the current environment. So part of what's happening is we have an absorption problem. But we think 
incremental gross margin on the way back up will be similar to what it's been in the past, which is the 60-to-70% range. 
So if you normalize that, you got a 65%. So we'd see margins actually pretty consistent with what we've seen in the 
past. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: I mean, on an operating basis, it's good. Obviously service at a lower level as a larger percent 
of the whole dilutes the gross margin, but doesn't necessarily dilute the operating margin. 

<Q>: Right. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: You bet. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital. Your line is open. 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: Yes, thank you. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, Rick, first question on the order 
guide, is that off of the net or gross number? And in terms of that 110-million delta I guess off of the gross, can you 
comment on what's driving the volatility there? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: I'm sorry. It's off of gross. So why such a large range, is that the question? 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: Yes. I mean, is there one or two specific projects that could be moved in or out that's 
driving that? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Well, when we look back, C.J., and we look back to our visibility back in the beginning of 
January and what actually happened during the course, I'd say it was pretty clear there's low visibility. So we anticipate 
that that visibility continues to be low and the volatility continues to be high, which is the reason for that range. Our 
view is if there are technology investments made, then we will continue to do well. In fact, we'll gain a pretty good 
percent of the overall CapEx. The volatility on bookings, I think in this environment it's wise to have a big range. But 
what we said was basically flat from the gross level. 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: Okay. And then I guess you talked about in your prepared remarks about a recovery in the 
second half for tech spending on the memory side. Is that primarily DRAM, NAND, both? Any color there would be 
helpful. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure. As you know, they're both pretty suppressed right now. So we're seeing the technology 
advancement really on both sides. But it's clear that DRAM has been even more dormant. And right now I think that if 
there is going to be multiple players, they're going to have to invest in technology to get ahead. So I think we'll see 
some of both. 

But again we're talking second half and it's a ways out. But what's clear – and I was in Asia last couple of weeks – as 
you talk to customers, they clearly want to make the technology investment, but it's been a challenge to get funding. 
We've seen some recent signs lately that we think some of that's going to come around. But they still have an 
overcapacity situation in memory. 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: And if I could just sneak in one last question, can you provide an update I guess on success 
of your new XR mask inspection tool? What kind of feedback are you getting from customers? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, sure. What you saw was reticle was 17% last quarter, so that was up. We have not 
introduced new product, which is coming out, so it was all on existing product. So I would say we did very well from a 


share basis, and that's obviously the existing product line. So we're real pleased with that performance, and frankly 
didn't necessarily anticipate it in this quarter, but we saw some technology buys coming in. So I think from a share 
standpoint, we're right where we want to be with reticle, and we've got new products coming out. 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: But I guess can you update on the new products? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Well, not until we release them. We've announced the XR, as you said. So that one I'd say is 
doing well. And then my point is in the pipeline there's more coming. 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q>: Yes, hi. This is Vis for Satya. One quick question, what was your deferred revenue in the quarter? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, we don't break out – we have two lines. We have deferred revenue from services 
contracts that we actually do break out and display, and that number at the end of the quarter was $61 million. And then 
we also have deferred systems profit, which nets down the deferred revenue from system sales against the deferred 
costs on system sales, which turned out to be about $74 million worth of deferred profit at March 31. 

<Q>: Okay. And then for your services, how are you looking at – with the utilization rates improving, how are you 
seeing service levels for the rest of the year like over, so for calendar year '09 as compared to '08? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, I think what's interesting is we've seen I think the rate of decline has stopped in terms of 
utilization, and as you know, some utilization numbers are up. So the leading indicators of things that we track, we've 
seen some stabilization. And we suspect that some of the tools that have gone off contract will come back on contract. 
So we're modeling as we look out over the year gradual increase in service, but I'd say slow and steady increase off of 
the current level. So we suspect we've probably bottomed on service revenue in the March quarter. 

<Q>: Okay, and one last thing, how are you seeing your non-semi businesses? I think you introduced a solar inspection 
tool during the quarter, and how do you see that for the...? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: A lot of growth opportunity in the non-semi. As bad as semi has been, the solar stuff has 
really slowed down quite a bit I think as the solar industry has grappled with some funding challenges and credit 
challenges. From a market share position, we're very well positioned. But we do see relatively small amount of activity 

– a lot of interest, but not a lot buying yet. So we anticipate part of what we'll see when that actively resumes is good 
growth out of those segments. 
<Q>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. One main question from 
me, I'm just trying to compare a little bit or get away to think about your orders and order guidance versus some of the 
others in the industry, and I know this is always a difficult exercise. On one hand, you guys came in much higher on a 
sequential basis in March. On the other hand, June's your fiscal year end. It is mostly technology buying that's going 
on, and you have very good exposure to one of the biggest customers that's ordering right now from the technology 


perspective. And you had some of the other companies got up pretty meaningfully from an order perspective for the 
June quarter. So how do you think we can reconcile all that a little bit? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, Jim good question. I think it's hard to speak for what the other guys are doing. We look 
at it and think if there is investment, we'll continue to read the benefit of that because of, as you say, we're 
well-positioned. I think our market share is very strong, and we've got new products in the offing that our customers 
need. So from that standpoint, I'd say we're well-positioned. 

I suppose if we had been down quite a ways, then we have to be talking about it going up. So we're looking at an 
environment where we think it's relatively flat for the calendar year. And so if there is upside, you're right; June is the 
end of our quarter. But I've been careful in this cycle not to try to map back to historical patterns because it's just such a 
different world we're in. 

<Q - James Covello>: And then the only other question, some of the other companies – and again I know your 
dynamics can be quite a bit definite times from theirs. But some of the other companies are talking about some 
technology buying from the memory companies also whereas you're talking about that kind of maybe in the second 
half. Again is there some possibility that comes in June, or do you think there's some dynamic relative to how these 
companies are adding some capacity that would potentially cause your orders from some of the memory guys to come 
in a quarter later? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, I'd characterize it this way. If it happens, it's upside for us. If it happens, I think some of 
those, they might need it to make their plan. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great. All right, thanks so much. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Hi, thank you. Hey, Rick, historically you've described your opportunity in good times in a 
dollar-per-fab kind of metric. In this kind of environment, are there any metrics that you use to think about what your 
opportunity is in a fab that's moving from one technology node, say 65 to 45, how much we're used to the tool set 
exists. How much of an opportunity is there let's say on a DRAM fab that's moving from one node to another, but not 
adding a lot of net capacity? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Right, yes, that's great question. It's a little bit harder to model in this environment as you 
know, and we have done some of those models. And you look at what for example a 10,000 wafer STAR conversion 
looked like in terms of the number of tools. But since there's not been a pattern established of that, it's kind of hard to 
come off with a model that we can really back up because we don't know any history on it. 

I would say that the pattern that we've just seen though in the last couple of quarters, where I think our bookings have 
held up significantly better than peers as in the other parts of the equipment, suggests that our thesis that the investment 
in process control and inspection metrology at 45 and below is going to be a larger percent of the overall pie. And so I 
think as companies are focused on technology, obviously yield is critical to them and getting it to work. 

So what we're looking at now is how do we from an absolute dollar standpoint capture a larger percent of the spend 
that's going on. And that's really where our focus is – trying to help our customers understand that if they invest in our 
capability that we offer, then they'll minimize for additional capital in other areas. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: In this environment do people take sampling rates up or down? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Certainly with new technologies, they're taking them up because I think what they're 
recognizing is that they're struggling with some of the yields. And we're seeing that across the board in both memory 
and DRAM and NAND, but also we certainly saw it in logic. And that was part of what drove our order activity in the 
March quarter. 


<Q - Raj Seth>: And one last quick one if I could. The mix shift that Brett was talking about at the beginning of the 
call towards reticle, etc., would you expect that to continue? Is in this technology by environment the mix going to shift 
in any particular way between your sort of three major segments or not? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: I would attribute it probably a little more heavily weighted toward inspection, both in reticle 
and wafer, and probably towards some of the tools that are more oriented toward the characterization and development 
activity and less toward the tools that are more oriented toward capacity. So, yes, I'd that's probably true. The 
metrology is very critical, but some of that does play more in a ramp environment. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Weston Twigg with Pacific Crest. Your line is open. 

<Q - Weston Twigg>: Hi, yes, just a question on an upcoming technology shift. So the NAND companies are expected 
to use a double patterning technology, which should drive increased litho metrology needs. And I'm just wondering if 
there was any difference in the metrology requirements if they use a spacer double patterning process versus like a 
litho-etch-litho-etch. And to follow-up, are the NAND customers starting to talk to you now about ordering tools for 
these 32-nanometer ramps? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure. I'd say, Wes, on both counts. The first one, the metrology needs on double patterning 
vary probably more from the optical CD standpoint than they do from an overlay perspective. In both cases overlay 
requirements are very tight. The optical CD has some different characteristics, whether it's in photo or in etch. So I'd 
say there's opportunity, incremental opportunity there. 

In terms of are they talking to us? Absolutely. What I think will be interesting to see is when they actually start to 
release capital. But right now they've been very conservative in their spend for various reasons. We are seeing 
increased discussion, but we just haven't seen the orders yet. 

<Q - Weston Twigg>: Okay, and the just one more question, kind of coming back to the re-use idea. If we get a lot of 
300-millimeter second-hand equipment on the market, I'm wondering is a large portion of that, if it's KLA inspection 
metrology equipment, is that reusable, or is it upgradable, or do customers really need to come in and buy a new 
version of the tool from KLA? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Right. Yes, so part of our strategy on focusing heavily on new product introduction was to try 
to avoid that issue. And so our newer tools have better cost of ownership, more capability. And so our view is that in 
most of our markets we'll be protected from some of that second-hand tool. We have had a used tool business; we 
continue to do that. I would say that that is the business that gets impacted by this trend, which I think is a real trend. 
But that's constituted maybe a couple of percent of our business in the past. So we don't think it's a major impact. But 
for sure I think for capacity buys, for process equipment that's a risk. I think less so for process control. 

<Q - Weston Twigg>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Co. Your line is open. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Yes, I was wondering if you could talk about gross margin, particularly relative to original 
expectations because when I look at my model, you guys definitely overachieved in terms of ratcheting down operating 
expenses. I was expecting something like 170 million, but you guys turned in something much lower. But on 170 


million, I was expecting gross margin of around 39, 40%, yet you guys came in with 38%. Am I reading too much into 
this, or were gross margins light even relative to your own expectations? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, no, I think that gross margins really paid the price for the speed in which the ramp has 
come down. And I think that what that means is the EM&D So when we look at actual system margin and we strip out 
the inefficiencies in the operation, we're right where we've historically been. I think what happens in this environment, 
though, you're caught with more material than you needed because the rate of the decline. And so that's part of then 
what we're working through now. That will abate bit over time, and so you'll see margins go up just as a result of – that 
comes off and we don't get hit with those charges. Mark, any color to that? 

<A - Mark Dentinger>: That's essentially it, Gary. The reality is that when we ended the quarter, we were hoping for 
stable build plans. We had to take them down early in the quarter. And as result of taking them down, we had to absorb 
an additional $32 million worth of excess inventory charges. That was higher than we were hoping to have to have to 
absorb. And that explains all of the difference between where we were modeling, which was probably close to what 
you're articulating, and where we landed. But, no, the incremental margins of the tools going out the door remain 
steady and highly lucrative. But in this type of a ramp down, your excess capacity in the EM&D hits do take their toll. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Dentinger>: And Rick is right. We will obviously get a windfall on the way back up. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Just a follow-up question, just on the reticle inspection kind of 
rebound in those orders, is that primarily TeraScan, TeraFab? And if it's one or the other, what does that indicate in 
terms of a near-term trend here on the inspection side in reticles? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, more oriented towards fab, which frankly was a bit of surprise to us – a good surprise, 
but a surprise. And I think what it indicates is as customers are ramping their advanced design rules in the fab they are 
worried about the haze in crystalline growth. And so this was to deal with those challenges. We haven't really seen 
mass shops turn back on. And I think as you know, Gary, we've got new products coming out to deal with that. 

I think the other hand is there has been from a share standpoint, as you know, there have been alternatives in the 
market. And I think that customers have really had a chance to shake out and evaluate the alternatives and evaluate our 
tools. And I think there is this general flight to quality going on, and that's part of the story too. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. Can you talk a little bit about the OpEx progression? Are we getting all the 
benefits in the June quarter, or how does it progress through the year? 

<A - Mark Dentinger>: Yes. We won't get all of the benefits in the June quarter, Mahesh, because the reduction action 
that we just took in March under the WARN Act, it'll probably take a little bit more than half the quarter before all of 
the reduction comes off of our payroll. So we'll get a partial benefit in the June quarter, which we signaled with a 
3-to-$5-million OpEx improvement in that quarter, and then you'll get sort of a full quarter benefit as we turn to the 
second half of the year. So that's in essence on how to think about it, and as we talked about, trying to get to our OpEx 
levels of 140 to 145 by the December quarter. Certainly based upon the progress this quarter, the 140 looks more 
probable at this moment. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And 140 is the more likely number? 

<A - Mark Dentinger>: I think it's more likely. That's right. 


<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay, the second quick question, if you can give us some indication on how will your 
segment distribution of order in terms of logic foundry memory look in June? Is it tilting towards one segment more 
than other in June, or it remains essentially the same? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Looks pretty similar. I would say that we could see a little more memory activity, although 
not a lot. I think when we look across logic and foundry, we're currently modeling foundry may be down a little bit, and 
you'll see a little bit of logic come off. And again that's both because we see a little bit more memory, but again not a 
lot of memory we're talking about. And non-semi stays about the same. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And the logic side, is there any activity other than microprocessor? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, I mean, there are other players in that space, but the way we bin them, microprocessors 
are clearly a reasonable part of that. But, yes, there is some other activity as well. There's some other logic investments 
going on both in the U.S. and other regions as well. Again not huge levels, but yes. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Thank you. Can you guys hear me? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Quick question in terms of your orders outlook, and the variability. I know you guys are coming off 
pretty low levels, and you guys actually did pretty well in terms of the March quarter. With that plus or minus 20%, is 
that variance related to one customer, or one or two customers, or is it a bunch of customers that can swing it either 
way? And I guess what customer segment? Is it primarily memory, foundry, or logic that's that variance? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, Patrick, [audio gap] I think internally we debate whether to guide bookings at all, given 
the variability in this environment. As you know, many of the other equipment companies have stopped guiding 
booking. So our view on that is we think there's a number of things in the hopper. We had assigned probabilities to 
them, but we realized that some of those things could fall out. So the issue is really variability and the general lack of 
visibility in the environment. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Okay, so it isn't any one specific customer that's going to swing it either way? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: No, because as I said, last quarter we didn't predict the orders that we got; we couldn't see 
them at the beginning of this quarter. And I don't think that changes in this environment. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Okay, and one follow-up question on the cost side of things. Now that you guys have taken your 
cost reduction efforts, and you at least have gone through them, can you just kind of put on a percentage-wise how 
much of it was what I would guess permanent structural costs and the rest temporary costs? Was it something like 30% 
were permanent cost reduction and 70% temporary cost reductions? Can you break it down now in terms of how much 
each segment was? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, I would hesitate to characterize it. Clearly there is some of both. And clearly as business 
levels increase, the temporary actions that [audio turbulence] we're taking like link off quarter and reduced bonuses and 
reduced variable compensation in general [audio turbulence] certainly will climb back as we get back to normal. 

But there are also several actions that we took that we announced, including closing some facilities and shipping 
capacity within the company that would be permanent nature. So I'd hesitate to characterize how much of the actions 
are permanent versus temporary. It's some of both, but really it's a question of at what level of output are you looking 
at? At this level obviously right now there's a greater percentage that are temporary. As they recover, the balance will 
be permanent. 


<Q - Patrick Ho>: Right, thank you very much. 

Operator 

This concludes the question-and-answer portion of today's call. I will now turn the call back to Mr. Lockwood for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator. On behalf of Rick and Mark and the rest of the KLA-Tencor team, I'd like to say thanks to 
everyone for joining us on the call today. We look forward to speaking with you in our follow-up discussions 
throughout the quarter. 

Operator 

This concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


