Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Ed Lockwood, Senior Director of Investor Relations 
• Richard P. Wallace, Chief Executive Officer 
• John Kispert, President and Chief Operating Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jay Deahna 
• Brett Hodess 
• Atif Malik 
• Timothy Arcuri 
• C.J. Muse 
• Satya Kumar 
• Kate Kotlarsky 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Gary Hsueh 
• Jenny Yun 
• Bill Ong 
• Krish Sankar 
• Peter Kim 
• Ben Pang 
• Stephen Chin 
• Patrick Ho 
• Gavin Duffy 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, my name is Christian and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the KLA-Tencor Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have 
been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer 
session. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. Mr. Lockwood, you may begin your conference. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Christian. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to KLA-Tencor's fourth quarter fiscal year 2008 earnings 
conference call. I'm Ed Lockwood with KLA-Tencor Investor Relations. Joining me on our call today are Rick 
Wallace, our CEO; and John Kispert, our President, COO and Chief Financial Officer. We are here today to discuss 
fourth quarter results for the period ended June 30, 2008. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 Pacific Time. 
If you haven't seen the release, you can find it on our website www.kla-tencor.com or call 408-875-3600 to request a 
copy. 


Rick will lead off today's call with highlights from the quarter, updates on the current market environment and key 
product activity, and provide guidance for the September quarter. Afterwards, John Kispert will review the preliminary 
financial results for the quarter, and then we'll open the call for questions. 

On the Investors section of our website, you'll find a simulcast of this call, which will be accessible on demand for 90 
days. On the website, you'll also find a calendar of future investor events and links to KLA-Tencor's securities filings, 
including our most recent 10-Q filing for the period ended March 31, 2008, and our 10-K for the period ended June 30, 
2007. In those filings, you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future results. 

As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this 
call today, are subject to those risks. KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee these forward-looking statements will come true. 
Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking statements; and although we 
take no obligation to update those forward-looking statements, you can be assured that any updates we do will be 
broadly disseminated and available over the web. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick Wallace. 

Richard P. Wallace, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Ed. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us for our Q4 earnings call this afternoon. Today, 
I'll discuss highlights of our fiscal year '08 performance. I'll talk about the June quarter and give an update on the 
current market environment. Lastly, I'll provide guidance for the September quarter. 

KLA-Tencor advanced our market and technology leadership in FY '08. We executed our growth strategy both 
organically and through M&A. We improved our cost structure. We generated strong cash flow, and returned value to 
shareholders. 

Revenue in FY '08 was $2.5 billion, down 8% year over year. Net income including share-based comp but excluding 
one-time and deal related costs was $512 million or $2.78 per diluted share. We generated approximately $668 million 
in cash flow from operations, and were active in returning value to shareholders in the year, repurchasing just over $1.1 
billion in common stock, and paying cash dividends of approximately $109 million. 

I'd like to highlight some key developments in FY '08 in context of our four strategic objectives, which are customer 
focus, growth, operational excellence, and talent. As most of you know, at KLA-Tencor we solve mission critical 
production problems for our customers and we do that by delivering a portfolio of differentiated solutions utilizing both 
inspection and metrology. Our tools help our customers increase their ROI and keep pace with the increasing 
complexity of yield requirements and advanced technology nodes. 

Today, we're market leaders in 20 of the 22 markets that we serve. We do this as a result of our high level of 
investment and innovation and close collaboration with our customers. That enables us to anticipate their future needs 
and develop appropriately, bringing technology when it's needed. 

Our goal is to leverage our leadership and financial resources to deliver long term growth at least 5% faster than the 
industry. And although our revenue was down in FY '08, our relative performance exceeded this 5% goal. We are well 
positioned to continue to outpace industry growth through a comprehensive product portfolio and our product roadmap, 
which will address the future challenges our customers face at 45 nanometers and beyond. 

In terms of our growth objective, the increase in complexity of advanced design rules is fueling growth in our core 
inspection and metrology markets, and this is based on the fact that the new processes require more complicated and 
difficult inspection. We are modeling an increased potential of 30% in the revenue opportunity as we transition from 45 
to 32 nanometer nodes, when we look back and compare to the 65 to 45 nanometer transition. If we look back to our 
Q4 orders, about 75% of those were for 45 nanometer pilot lines and development. 


On the strategic growth front, in June we completed the acquisition of ICOS Vision Systems, furthering our expansion 
into new markets in both back end package inspection, solar and high brightness LED. 

And yesterday, we announced the intent to acquire the Microelectronic Inspection Equipment business of Vistec 
Semiconductor Systems. This business' product leadership in mask registration and mask CD-Metrology complements 
our own leadership in mask inspection and strengthens our product roadmap to address future market opportunities, 
particularly in double-patterning lithography. Additionally, the business has a highly regarded legacy for developing 
precision inspection and metrology equipment that will complement and enhance KLA-Tencor's own core 
competencies. We're in the process of securing regulatory approval for this acquisition, and subject to those approvals, 
we expect it to close within the next few months. We will continue to execute our M&A strategy as a key component of 
our long-term growth objectives. 

We're also continuously focusing on improving our business model. Today, we're driving many initiatives worldwide, 
as a result of structural changes we put in place two years ago to improve our profitability by optimizing our global 
footprint and enhancing our organizational efficiency. These changes have begun to bear fruit. And today, our model is 
performing better in terms of profitability than it has at comparable revenue levels in the past, even in this down 
market. 

Of course, none of this is possible without the world-class talent within KLA-Tencor. We work very hard to attract, 
develop, and retain an outstanding workforce, and we have been successful in building our team, and I'm especially 
proud of the performance of the entire team during fiscal year '08. 

In summary, we're pleased with our execution in '08 in what has been a very challenging year for semiconductor 
equipment manufacturers. Our strategy is working and we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead as we help 
our customers continue to tackle difficult yield issues as they adopt new technologies. 

Turning now to a review of the fourth quarter. In general, we continue to operate in a difficult demand environment and 
visibility remains poor. There are some bright spots, however. The market leaders continue to invest in technology 
development and to drive design rules down. But business is down in all our major markets and across all product lines 
as the semiconductor industry works to resolve an excess capacity condition while facing increased headwinds from 
poor macroeconomic conditions and diminished end user demand. 

Despite these weak demand conditions, we continued to execute well financially in the period, with the June quarter 
revenue coming in above the range of guidance at $591 million. And net income excluding some one-time charges was 
at the top of the range or $0.60 per share. Cash flow was also strong as we generated approximately $188 million in 
cash from operations in the quarter. 

Bookings for the June quarter came in at $469 million, down 15% from March. At our Analyst Day in June, we said 
that we saw order timing pushing out late in the quarter with order volume trending to the bottom end of the range of 
guidance. In the final weeks of the quarter, we experienced a further slowdown with orders that we were originally 
expecting to see in June pushing out to the December quarter and beyond. However, Q4 was another good quarter for 
logic demand as customers continue to drive investment in 45-nanometer build-out and 32-nanometer development. 

Logic was 46% of the bookings in the quarter. Foundries grew sequentially and was 35% of the orders in the fourth 
quarter as foundries continue to build out their 45-nanometer capacity. Memory was approximately 19% of orders in 
Q4, well below recent results, due to push outs from NAND customers and continued restraint in DRAM spending. 
NAND was 29% of memory orders in the quarter. 

Looking ahead in the second half of calendar '08, the outlook for near-term recovery in orders is muted. Although we 
expect some pockets of strength among our large customers as they invest in development and advanced design rules, 
the global economic weakness continues to dampen end user demand for high-tech products and we remain cautious in 
our expectations for a broad-based recovery in the second half. 

In this tough environment, we are driving the following key factors to enable continued strength in our market 
leadership. We're focusing on our customer experience. We're maintaining a high level of investment and innovation, 


and we're improving our cost structure to drive a better business model performance and deliver high returns to our 
shareholders. All these efforts position us well to capitalize on growth when the cycle conditions improve. 

Now I'd like to discuss some key product and competitive highlights from the quarter. First in defect and inspection, 
technology and product differentiation continues to enable market leadership for the company and we had another 
strong quarter of brightfield adoption in Q4, placing 28XX full-spectrum brightfield tools with industry leaders in both 
foundry and memory. Our brightfield portfolio is unparalleled in the marketplace and delivering advanced capability 
required to find the killer defects and critical patterning layers while outperforming competitive technologies in terms 
of sensitivity, defect capture, and speed. 

In reticle inspection, we continue to drive our product development roadmap. At SEMICON earlier this month, we 
introduced the latest version of our computation lithography tool, PROLITH 11. This new tool in the industry leading 
PROLITH line is the only lithography simulator capable of modeling topography and predicting effects specific to 
double patterning for 32 nanometers. This provides an essential tool for reticle manufacturers to control their 
development costs without having to commit the resources of a mask shop. We continue to invest heavily in our reticle 
business to address increasing complexity for reticle manufacturers at advanced design rules and create new 
opportunities for KLA-Tencor. 

In metrology, KLA-Tencor continues to be the market leader by offering a comprehensive suite of metrology products 
to offer customers the ability to maintain tighter control over their process window. In the June quarter, our next 
generation overlay metrology platform, the Archer 200, was chosen as tool of record with a logic customer for 
32-nanometer production, demonstrating superior performance in production environment over an extensive 
five-month evaluation period. Archer 200 features in enhanced optical system that provide significant performance 
improvements that are critical to helping customers meet the much tighter overlay requirements for double patterning 
lithography at the 32-nanometer design rule node. 

These are just a few examples of our market successes in the quarter, each an indication of continued emphasis on 
delivering an outstanding customer experience. In delivering superior customer experience and best in breed 
technology, KLA-Tencor creates a significant competitive advantage that translates to strong market leadership, 
revenue growth, and profitability. 

Moving on to the September quarter guidance, keep this mind September is typically seasonally down for KLA-Tencor, 
with bookings being down sequentially in eight of the last 11 years. Given the poor demand environment, today we 
expect the same pattern to repeat in Q1 '09. We are projecting bookings for Q1 to be down 15% with a range of plus or 
minus 10%. Revenue is expected to be between 510 million and $525 million and EPS in the range of $0.32 to $0.36, 
including stock-based compensation and excluding one-time charges. 

With that, now I'll turn the call over to John Kispert. 

John Kispert, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Rick. Revenue for the quarter was 591 million and fully diluted GAAP earnings per share was $0.43. 
Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.60. The difference between the GAAP EPS and non-GAAP numbers are as 
follows. First, acquisition related charges of 50.4 million or $0.22 after tax is related to the acquisition of ICOS Vision 
Systems. Second, stock option restatement related charges of 2.7 million or $0.01 after tax. Finally, there were two 
benefits. First, a net gain of 1.4 million related to sales buildings that was partially offset by some restructuring 
severance charges; and second, a non-recurring tax gain of 8.4 million or $0.055 after tax. In summary, this totals to 
$0.17 of after-tax adjustments, and non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.60. 

In our press release, you will find a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation, which covers the non-GAAP adjustments I 
just mentioned in more detail. The remainder of my comments on the quarter will be focused on the non-GAAP results, 
which exclude the adjustments I just mentioned, but does include stock-based compensation. This is reflective of the 
financial performance of KLA-Tencor. It's how we run the business, and it enables a transparent comparison of results 


across periods amongst peers. 

As previously mentioned, we completed our acquisition of ICOS Vision Systems at the end of May. So the results for 
the June quarter include ICOS operations for one month. And for this month, ICOS's revenue was $9 million and its 
impact on gross margins and EPS was dilutive. 

Excluding ICOS revenue for KLA-Tencor was 582 million, slightly above the guidance range provided in April of 560 
to $580 million. And earnings per share reached $0.60, which was at the top end of the guidance range of $0.56 to 
$0.60. 

This was a solid quarter for KLA-Tencor in terms of financial performance and operational execution. However, as we 
discussed in early June and again just a few weeks ago, the order environment significantly weakened as the quarter 
progressed. A number of expansions that appeared solid in April pushed out one after the other through May and then 
accelerated in June. And as a result, net orders for the quarter were 469 million. That's down 15% from the March 
ending quarter and at the low end of our guidance range. 

The slowing demand environment we first began to experience late in September quarter of last year continues in each 
of our markets. And it declined further over last few months. Economic instability is continuing to adversely impact the 
world's demand for our customer's products. And as a result, it is clearly affecting their capital investment decisions 
both in size and in timing. 

While there are pockets of strength driven by customers continuing to focus on new technology development for next 
generation production nodes, most of our customers are in an aggressive capital preservation mode and are eliminating 
their equipment investments to only the most critical applications. 

Our market position in all markets is consistent with the last several quarters. In short, we are winning the orders; there 
just aren't that many of them. The regional distribution of orders is as follows. The US was 37%; Europe was 7%; 
Japan was 17%; Korea was 15%; Taiwan was 7%; and the rest of Asia was 18%. The approximate distribution of 
orders by market was: wafer inspection approximately 40%; reticle inspection approximately 10%; metrology 
approximately 19%; and services approximately 27%. Storage, solar, high brightness LED, and other non-semis added 
up to be approximately 4% 

When customers are spending capital, it is at the leading edge technology nodes. In semiconductors, 45-nanometer and 
below development and pilot activity investment were roughly 75% of our orders received in the quarter. 

In total, we ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of backlog. This dollar amount is after backlog 
adjustments for order customer-initiated shipment delays, acquisition related adjustments, and/or foreign exchange 
impact. We break this backlog into what has shipped and what has not. The breakout is as follows. 715 million of 
shipment backlog were orders that have not yet shipped to customers and expect to ship over the next 6 to 9 months, 
and 364 million of revenue backlog on products that have been shipped and invoiced, but have not yet been signed off 
by customers. Keep in mind that we do not include any service contracts in this backlog. 

Looking forward, as we've said in the last couple of conference calls, visibility into a meaningful turn in the business 
continues to be low. Similar to June, a number of significant memory, foundry, and wafer expansions in the sales 
funnel for the September quarter have now pushed out of the September quarter and into the back end of the calendar 
year. In addition, the September quarter has a historically been a seasonally down quarter for KLA-Tencor. 

Given these factors, we do not anticipate a sequential turn in the September quarter. And as a result, we will continue to 
run the business in a very conservative manner until visibility into a turn is clear. 

Recently, we updated you in detail on our progress on a number of operational initiatives that enable higher 
profitability, improved operational flexibility, and operating cash flow. Based on our historical performance at various 
revenue levels, this we will improve while preserving our investments in research and development and customer 
support. These initiatives around globalization, product development, and acquisition integration are now beginning to 
favorably impact the business model for KLA-Tencor. 


These efforts are critical to positioning the company to grow in the next cycle both organically and through the new 
markets we have acquired, and at lower operating expense to revenue ratio and without having to make any significant 
capital investments beyond our current levels. 

Looking at our current income statement, we feel our teams executed extremely well against aggressive business model 
targets in a difficult environment. Revenue for the quarter was 591 million. This level is down 2% quarter to quarter 
and down 20% from the same quarter last year. 

Non-GAAP gross margins were 56.6%, down 25 basis points from the March quarter. We continue to focus on sizing 
our organization to the current business level while maintaining capability to ramp new products globally, and of 
course, focus on flexibly being able to respond on any rapid shift in demand when it occurs. 

In the September ending quarter, our systems revenue shipments will both decline sequentially. We expect our core 
gross margins to decline at similar incremental margins as the last few quarters. Keep in mind that we also need to 
continue to look through these acquisitions that currently carry dilutive gross margins to our base business. 

Non-GAAP operating expenses were 193 million or up 3.5 million from the March quarter. R&D was 97.2 million, up 

2.4 million from Q3, as we continue to invest in key research and development activity and customer collaborations for 
the next generation technology irrespective of the business and climate. We introduced 16 new products in the past 12 
months and our plan is to introduce another 18 new products over the next 18 months. 
SG&A for the quarter was 95.3 million, up slightly quarter to quarter, as we continue to focus on sales channel 
efficiency and elimination of acquisition redundancies. Our focus over the coming quarters will continue in this area in 
the core business as we believe there are additional opportunities here. 

In the September quarter, non-GAAP operating expenses will increase by about 12 to 15 million as we absorb a full 
quarter of the ICOS operations. We expect these expenses to decline from this point over the next several quarters as 
SG&A efficiency improvements in the core business partially offset the increase driven our M&A activities. 

Non-GAAP other income for the quarter was 7.1million as earnings on our cash portfolio exceeded the interest expense 
associated with our mid-quarter debt offering. In the September ending quarter, we expect other income to decline to 3 
to 4 million as the increased interest expense from our long term debt for the full quarter offsets expected other income 
and interest on the investment portfolio is lower due to the weak interest rate environment. 

The pro forma tax rate was 28.6% in the quarter, lower than the 30% range that was discussed in the conference call 
last quarter due to higher than expected revenue from products shipped from offshore facilities to non-US customers. 
Going forward, we expect the pro forma rate to be approximately 29% plus or minus 2 to 3 points. 

Non-GAAP net income was 107 million or $0.60 per diluted share. This number includes stock-based compensation 
expenses of 29 million. In the September quarter, we expect expenses for stock-based compensation to be roughly flat. 

Now let me turn to the balance sheet. Cash and investments ended the quarter at roughly 1.6 billion, an increase of 265 
million quarter to quarter. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 122 million of stock at an average price of $43 
and paid a dividend of 26 million. Cash from operations was 188 million in the quarter as we continued to deliver solid 
profitability and working capital management to enable predictable cash flow. 

For the fiscal year ending in June, operating cash flow increased by over 9% in a year when net income was down 21%. 
Inventory increased by 16 million quarter to quarter to 459 million. Note that ICOS added 33 million of inventory in 
the quarter. The company has continued to focus on reducing our cycle time to lower our inventory on hand 
requirements, short and long lead time material risks, and improve our overall clean room utilization, as well as to 
respond very quick to customers' needs when the time is right. Cycle times across KLA-Tencor's product portfolio are 
down 30% over the last 12 months. 

Accounts receivable finished the quarter at 492 million, down 81 million from the prior quarter. ICOS added 
approximately 25 million to that number. Yet, fixed assets increased by 28 million. 10 million was actual capital 
expenditure within the core business, and the remaining 18 million due to the ICOS acquisition, so again capital 


expenses were 10 million in the quarter. Pro forma depreciation was 14 million. 

Fully diluted shares ended the quarter at just over 178 million. For the June quarter, fully diluted shares are expected to 
be at about 175 million. 

Headcount ended the quarter at 6,060. 

Finally as we commented earlier, the business environment continues to be challenging, both in terms of cyclical debt 
and duration. As a result we remain extremely cautious in this environment. We believe it is financially prudent to 
adjust our expected revenue down to more closely align with the current business level, while we continue to run with 
the company in a way that will enable us to maintain sufficient backlog and continuously make key investments and of 
course ensure sustained profitability and cash flow. 

Our guidance for the upcoming quarter does not include the impact of our recently announced intent to acquire the 
Microelectronic Inspection business of Vistec Semiconductor Systems. 

With that, to reiterate our guidance for the quarter is bookings expected to be minus 15% plus or minus 10 points, 
revenue between 510 and 525 million, and EPS including stock-based compensation but excluding one-time charges 
and amortization of $0.32 to $0.36. 

This concludes our remarks for the quarter and I'll now turn the call back over to Ed to begin the Q&A. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director of Investor Relations 

Okay. Thank you, John. At this point, we'd like to open up the call to Q&A, and we once again request that you limit 
yourself to one question given the limited time we have today. Feel free to re-queue for your follow-up questions and 
we'll do our best to get everyone in today's call. 

So Christian, we are ready for our first question. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jay Deahna with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Jay Deahna>: Good afternoon, how are you doing? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Hey, Jay. 

<A - John Kispert>: Hi. 

<Q - Jay Deahna>: A couple of years ago, when pretty much all of your customers were buying, you guys were very 
bullish and were talking about a fairly lengthy cycle, which pretty much started to drop within a quarter of that 
commentary. And now that really nobody's buying and everybody's pushing out, you guys are sticking the knife in your 
stomach. So I'm just wondering if you look at it objectively at this point in the ballgame, you talked about a lot of 
projects being pushed out over the last couple of months. Do you see a lot of projects left that are still at risk of being 
pushed out? Or do you think with the Flash spending coming down recently that we flushed it out? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Right now, Jay, as we look forward, I think September as we said we're guiding September 
down and there still are some projects in there. So there is still some risk. But I would say overall, I think we have got a 
pretty good sense of September given the visibility we have now. But if your point is could it come back stronger, then 
it's very hard to see that right now. 


<Q - Jay Deahna>: That's not really the point. The point is that are there a lot of projects out there at this point that 
would be viewed as highly risky, or have we flushed out most of those? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: I think many of them flushed out, and as you know, they tend to move out rather than – and if 
that's what you mean, yes. But there is still some risk. There is some risk in what people are forecasting for September. 
And I think that people who see a strong December are just more bullish on the risk. 

<Q - Jay Deahna>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Brett Hodess with Merrill Lynch. 

<A - Ed Lockwood>: Brett? 

<Q - Brett Hodess>: Hello? 

<A - Ed Lockwood>: Hello, Brett. 

<Q - Brett Hodess>: Hey, good afternoon. I just wanted to check on some of the progress on margins at this point, 
obviously very little decline this quarter, only 25 basis points. Given the outsourcing going on, new products coming in, 
ICOS coming in, how do you see the gross margin line trending in this environment? 

<A - John Kispert>: Brett, I think the way to model it, I guess internally, I think we're very happy with the speed and 
the progress we've made on the programs that we have, and also our new product introductions, some of which we 
haven't actually announced but we're shipping beta systems right now. So we think the cost point is definitely coming 
down, again a lot of that doesn't show up in the P&L for a while. We're happy with the backlog and the profitability of 
the backlog at this point, too, and I think that will bode well over the next couple of quarters. 

I think you hit upon the one thing that's a little bit more difficult to predict, and that's the acquisitions, and how quickly 
we can for lack of a better word integrate and do some things process-wise to help the profile. As we talked about last 
time we were all together, we think that will take two to three quarters in general. And obviously with ICOS, we have a 
great team and we've started those plans to improve the gross margin. And as we do other acquisitions, again, I think 
that's the hardest part to predict. But we have plans to improve them and get them up to KT standards in two to three 
quarters. Does that help? 

<Q - Brett Hodess>: Yes, that helps. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Can you give the shipments for the June quarter? 

<A - John Kispert>: Yes, Atif, they were about 545. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Okay. And then a follow-up on the Vistec acquisition, how should we think about the margins on 
these products? Are they similar to reticle inspection products or similar to the inspection products? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Atif, it's too early for us to say. As you know, we just entered a term sheet with them and we 
have to go through regulatory. What we can say is we like their market position and we believe that it'll help us build 
the franchise, but it's preliminary for us to talk about margins. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citi. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi, guys. John, can you give us some sense of what you think you'll ship in September? And 
then I had a follow-up. 

<A - John Kispert>: Sure, Tim. The ship plan is moving around right now. I would say it's unfortunately anywhere 
from 500 million to 450. Today it's closer to 500 million, but given this is a conference call, there is probably – given 
it's the September quarter also, things can change quickly. So I'd give a wide range there of 450 to 500. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Okay, so let's just take the midpoint of that range. So at that shipment level, you'd have about 
total, when you take your revenue backlog and your shipment backlog, you have about 5.8 months, which is on the 
very low end of what you've had the last three or four or five years. So that would imply that unless bookings come 
back pretty significantly in December that you wouldn't be able to ship a whole lot more, in fact, maybe even a little bit 
less in December to actually build back up some backlog. Is that the right way to think about it? 

<A - John Kispert>: Yes. I think generally – let me give you a couple of more things to put into your algorithm as 
you're thinking about it. Two very important things, one is if you're looking at it over a period of time, the thing that I'd 
remind you is that service is not in that months of backlog. As you know, we're up about 40 or 50% over the last two 
years in service. And so it's a much bigger part of the total equation. So when I look at the months of backlog now, I 
feel very good about it. 

I think the second piece is one we've talked about in the past, and just given the transitions the industry is going through 
right now, we have quite a bit of inventory from beta shipments that are out there right now that we don't count as – 
obviously count as orders because we're working on the leading edge of 32 nanometer, 45 nanometer R&D projects. As 
those orders come in, we'll count them as orders, shipments, and revenue almost at the same time. That's a larger 
number than historically what we saw over the last two years. So if you add those two extra pieces to it, we feel much – 
we feel very good about the backlog. 

The other thing I would remind everybody when it comes to backlog is the industry, as Tim knows and most of you 
know, the industry has changed quite a bit on this point over the last two to three years in that the lead times now have 
to be in that two to three month timeframe. So we have to be able to turn quickly to take care of our customers. So 
we're balancing that in that months of backlog. And so we feel relatively good about the next two quarters in revenue 
and keeping it at the pace that we just gave you guidance at. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Okay, John, thanks. 

<A - John Kispert>: Yes. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess I was hoping you could help a little bit 
on ICOS and what we should think about in terms of revenue contribution in the second half of the calendar year, as 
well as the impact to gross margins. 

<A - John Kispert>: C.J., I'm going to be as helpful as I can. We decided not to set the precedent of breaking out any 
of our businesses like we have done for the last 15, 20 years. We took one month of it, obviously the month of June, 
and that was about $9 million of revenue. Going forward, the back end is obviously, you guys know, not as strong as it 
usually is right now. 

The business is dilutive to our model. It's basically a breakeven business over the next quarter, but that does have a 
bunch of what I'll call integration or bubble costs as we work with the senior management team there and sort things 


out between the two organizations. So we think it will be very profitable over time, but I'd say over the next quarter or 
so, probably less profitable than historically for ICOS standards. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Okay, great. If I could sneak in a second question, on the service front, you talked about that being 
strong for the last two years. Could you put I guess some numbers around that from a growth perspective that you 
anticipate for calendar '08 and maybe an early read on calendar '09? 

<A - John Kispert>: Yes. If you look at it over the last say ten years, it's been a compounded growth rate at I think it's 
about 14 – 15%. We just shipped a lot of tools over the last two years that will come off of warranty and will go on 
contract. So I think and from what I can tell, working with our customers, they're all happy with the service 
KLA-Tencor can provide consistently, predictably at 300 millimeter with the challenges that they all have at 65 and 45 
nanometer. I think our contract penetration will continue to be at the rate it has been, so I don't see any reason to see a 
change from that mid-teens growth rates in our service organization. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just on the reticle inspection, looking at your bookings in this 
segment, it's been down a little more than your system's bookings have been over the last couple of fiscal years. It used 
to grow to be a bigger portion of your business several years ago. Is there any reason to be worried about market share 
versus just some kind of a cycle in the reticle inspection business we should think about? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, Satya, it's Rick. I'll take that. There's two things about reticle, good news and bad news. 
I'll start with the bad news. The bad news is the mask shops just aren't spending right now and the reason they're not 
spending is because they've built out the 45-nanometer capability. The good news is we have done well in our share, 
and we've seen strength in the new offerings that we've had since we added WPI. 

We are in a product transition year, so the 5XX product we've been shipping for quite a while will transition over the 
next 12 months. So we forecast that reticle will pick up when two things happen; one when the mask shops turn back 
on, and right now they're subject to this slowdown as pronounced as anyone else. In fact, in some respects, they've 
slowed down more. Then the second one is we'll have new products in the next 12 months to 18 months and we'll see a 
reticle buildup as a percent of the other business. 

The other factor, when you look at it, is on a percentage basis, as John's pointed out, service has grown over time and 
we've added some businesses through acquisition. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Okay, that's helpful. And then on foundries, if I could have a follow-up, just some clarity on 
what's happening from a cyclical and a secular perspective, foundry was running pretty high in the first half. What kind 
of a seasonal order strength will you see for the second half? 

And from a longer-term perspective, TSMC reported this morning and it's talking about taking down their capital 
intensity secularly. If I look at the capacity growth, they are actually adding more wafer start capacity but less CapEx 
dollars in the last few years. How do I reconcile those comments versus capital intensity growing with technology 
transitions? How should I think about that? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, I think there's two things. One is, our value add is to help them increase their efficiency 
and overall to be able to leverage the equipment that they buy more effectively. So we've seen foundries to be a strong 
source of business, especially as they try to juggle multiple product lines and multiple design rules at the same time. So, 
I think our foundry business has done reasonably well in that, and we do see signs of additional starts happening and 
we see some good early indicators as we move forward that way. But I do think that there has been, as you said, the 
efficiencies clearly are playing out in the foundry space and our goal is to be part of the overall value add to that. 


<Q - Satya Kumar>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Hi. This is Kate Kotlarsky on behalf of Jim Covello. Quick questions about the push-outs that 
you talked about that you've been seeing over the last couple of months. Are those primarily push-outs associated with 
previous plans by your memory customers to expand capacity, or are those actually related to some of the technology 
node shrinks that perhaps are being pushed out today? And I also was just curious what you're baking into your 
September order guidance in terms of memory orders that you're expecting in September. Thank you. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure, Kate, a couple of things. One is push-outs that we've seen are primarily associated with 
the capacity portions. We still see technology buys and it's just generally, as John indicated, we're seeing very 
conservative spend and bringing on new capacity from our customer base, so it's not anything in particular. 

In terms of memory, we talked about memory being overall – we look forward to September and we think probably 
overall around 55% for memory. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: So 55% of orders you expect to be memory orders? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Correct. 

<A - John Kispert>: Kate, this is John Kispert, so 55% right now in our guidance for the September ending quarter. I 
will say that that's a very fluid number, particularly around I think the essence of your question, which is really the new 
fab or capacity adds. It's sliding around between the December ending quarter and the September ending quarter. Our 
best shot right now is probably 55% of the guidance we just gave you for the September quarter would be in the 
memory space. But we'll see how it plays out. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: And again, Kate, that's of the orders that are segmented in the memory foundry and logic 
because we still have another 24% of our business that's outside of that space. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Okay, and just a quick housekeeping question. You mentioned OpEx going up as a result of 
ICOS. Could you maybe talk about how that breaks out between R&D and SG&A? How we should think about where 
we should expect the increase to come from? 

<A - John Kispert>: Sure, Kate. It's 50:50. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Okay. 

<A - John Kispert>: 50%. I would tell you folks to think of it in the range of 12 to 15 million in total. I mean you can 
break them in half, somewhere this that range. And I'd expect it to be closer to 12 over some period of time than to 15. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. Can you give us a breakout of the – on the acquisition-related charges, how 
much is amortization of intangibles and how much are one-time, and what should we model for the September quarter 
in terms of amortization of intangibles? 

<A - John Kispert>: Let's see, the amortization of intangibles this last quarter, I don't have it in front of me. Mahesh, 
it's roughly $8 million. I think it was 7.8 million. The one-time for ICOS this quarter was about 36 million, 35.9 if I 
remember right, and obviously some of that, the prior acquisitions there will probably pop up with, not only ICOS but 


with Vistec if and when that deal gets done. Does that help? 
<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And are you including that and the guidance in quarter? 
<A - John Kispert>: No. I'm not. 
<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Because amortization is included. 
<A - John Kispert>: Amortization, what we have today in this last income statement we're talking about is 7.8 million. 


And all I'm trying to say is it probably goes up a little bit over time. 
<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay. Okay, thank you. 
<A - John Kispert>: Yes. 


Operator 

Our next question from Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just longer term here, it looks like the real story in 
terms of growth is in your service business. That business is up roughly 17% year over year. Your semi business, your 
product business is down 26. So obviously that's a more sustainable growth trajectory for you over the next year or two 
independent of the cycle. I'm just wondering for fiscal '09, I think this question was asked, but what are your 
expectations for an absolute dollar value per quarter in terms of your service run rate? And with tools actually coming 
off warranty, what's your forecast there for '09? 

<A - John Kispert>: Gary, I think you've got some math wrong in how you asked the question. I'm not even sure, the 
question is what is the '09 plan for service? 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Yes, that's the first question, yes. 

<A - John Kispert>: Okay. I'm not going to give that out. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay. 

<A - John Kispert>: We don't break out our plans over the next year. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay, but assuming that it grows and knowing that the service business in terms of cost is fully 
loaded in the cost of sales number, what's the disparity today between your service and your product business? Moving 
forward, where do you see more wood to chop? Is it in your product business or in your service business? And if it's in 
your service business, how do you go about doing that? 

<A - John Kispert>: Let me just back up and say – you said something about our product business being down 26% 
year on year. And I guess I don't know how you can come up with that. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Just looking at the June quarter, the product business is down 26%, and service business is up 17% 
year over year. 

<A - John Kispert>: From June to June? 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Yes, and for the fiscal year, product is down 12% and service is still up 16%. 

<A - John Kispert>: Okay. I mean so is the rest of the industry. I think my point is it's far better than the rest of the 
industry. As far as how we manage service and the rest of the divisions of the 40 different products that we have in 
gross margin, it's all very similar. I mean it comes down to efficiency of training of folks, of engineers, not only in 
R&D, but also in the field. And we're going to stay focused on that across our entire install base. We've talked many 
times about e-diagnostics. We've talked many times about making it much more efficient from a people perspective. 


The other big piece, obviously with each generation is the parts side of the business, which the cost of parts keep going 
up, the complexity keeps going up. And so how we support our customers with the right parts, at the right place, at the 
right time has become a bigger and bigger part of our business. I think we're doing very well at it. The efficiency in our 
service business has improved mightily. It has helped the productivity of the service business. But so has our 
manufacturing organizations in the gross margin also. And I'd say they're probably improving at the same rate over the 
last couple of years and it will continue. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay, I guess last quarter, you talked about service increasing as a percentage of sales. And with 
some gross margin issues coming about because of naturally lower gross margins in service and you talking about the 
need to do some more work there, I'm just trying to follow up on that comment from last quarter. 

<A - John Kispert>: I'd do more work. We are very happy with the progress the service organization is making. The 
profitability is what it is, and I think that you can see that in the profitability of the entire business and what we just 
talked about. It's all in gross margin. We're pretty happy with the gross margins of the company, particularly at this 
point in the cycle. I'm missing, Gary, what – do you want me to try to predict what the profitability of service is over 
the next year or so or? 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Yes, I was just trying to figure out what the – how much you can glean in terms of incremental 
gross margin from higher efficiency in your service business? That's all. 

<A - John Kispert>: I wouldn't go and predict much improvement there. I mean we're going to work like heck to keep 
up with the needs of our customers. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay. 

<A - John Kispert>: And it's annuity business that is forever more and more challenging that we're very happy with 
the profitability on. It's a balancing act, continuously. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question is from the line of Jenny Yun with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Jenny Yun>: Hi, good afternoon. A quick question, you mentioned some of our projects were getting pushed out 
to the end of the calendar year. Does that mean we could maybe perhaps model a turn in orders in the calendar fourth 
quarter or shipments? I just wanted to get some more clarity on that. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: What we said, Jenny, it's Rick. Clearly we see September historically has been down and it's 
really tough to predict whether December's up off of that. But when we look out, we do see more projects happening in 
the December timeframe than what we see in September. But as you know, the visibility is very tough in this 
environment. So I'd say it's early. 

If you look at overall capacity for the industry, September is certainly a pretty low number relative to historical 
numbers. So from that point, we are anticipating some improvement beyond September. But we are running the 
business, as John said. We are doing everything prudently to run the business, maintain backlog, and work through this 
cycle and come out stronger than ever as we look to the other side. But it's very early to call December up. 

<Q - Jenny Yun>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Bill Ong with American Technology. 

<Q - Bill Ong>: Hi, I think you mentioned memory orders represented 19% of the bookings mix. Is that correct? 


<A - John Kispert>: Give me a second here, Bill. I think I said – memory, memory, memory – DRAM was about – 
yes, 19% with NAND and DRAM. 

<Q - Bill Ong>: That's a pretty big drop because in absolute dollars, that means it's about a 68% quarter to quarter 
sequential drop, and it looks like logic went up in the quarter. Can you offer a little bit of color on what are the 
dynamics and what is happening in logic? I know why memory is down, but it seems like it's down very severely. 

<A - John Kispert>: I think the memory – as you know, the industry is retrenching on memory. Logic, we continue to 
see the investment for the 45-nanometer node and some work now on 32 and that has really been driving that segment 
for us, and we are very happy with our performance there. 

<Q - Bill Ong>: That means with $90 million in bookings in memory, you're pretty much bottoming out. It doesn't 
seem like a whole lot downside with memory over the next quarter or so. 

<A - John Kispert>: I think you are right, Bill. There are not a lot of orders in there. 

<Q - Bill Ong>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Krish Sankar with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Thank you for the questions. I have two questions. In terms of memory, you guys are saying 
55% of your September orders will be from memory, so that's a pretty big jump in terms of dollars from June to 
September. How do you see that actually trending into December, if you can give some directionality? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: I think if you look out and you do the math, Krish, you realize it's still not back to even 
March levels. So it is up, but as we just pointed out, it's off a pretty low number. December, it goes back to what do you 
believe about forecasts and the projects that are out there. And right now, it's very early to predict what December's 
going to look like. Although to John's point in the previous comment, it's certainly things are pretty soft right now. So 
when we look out there, it is not unreasonable to think we'd see improvement off of September, and memory is 
definitely part of that. 

<A - John Kispert>: I think the thing to think about with DRAM right now for us is it certainly feels like it's 
stabilized, and as the prior caller mentioned, at very low levels. When I say stabilized, I'm talking about pricing. Also, 
we know that we are in that part of the year seasonally where pricing often becomes a little bit softer. So we are taking 
a conservative view in our guidance and what we're talking to you about as far as what we think will land in the 
September quarter as far as orders are concerned. But when you add it all up at that low level, it does look to be 
anywhere from 45 to 55% of the total order in September. And there is in our sales funnels a bunch, a higher amount 
that's actually sitting in the December quarter. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Okay. Is there similarly – a similar scenario for foundry too because TSMC said they spent 
almost two-thirds of their CapEx in the first half of the year. So obviously your foundry orders are going down in 
September. Is there any reason to think it's actually going to pick up back in December? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure, there's plenty of reasons to think it would pick up, if you look customer by customer. 
Again, it's hard to predict in this environment when they let the orders go. We have a very, I think very prudent number 
in there for the September quarter, which as you said, is down. Right now, our customers would tell us it's higher in the 
December quarter. But, we'll see how things go with the economy through the next three or four months and how they 
decide to run their businesses. I think with the foundries, the thing you need to think about and watch is the leading 
edge utilizations. I mean utilization in total for the foundries is relatively good, but what's the leading edge? If leading 
edge picks up, we'll get orders. 


<Q - Krish Sankar>: Okay, and just the last question, were there any cancellations and what's your share count 
assumption for September? 

<A - John Kispert>: We debooked about 15 million across six different customers. We've debooked about 100 million 
over the last couple quarters, four quarters. So we think the backlog's in pretty good shape. And share count for the 
quarter I think it was 178 million. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: No, share count assumption for September? 

<A - John Kispert>: I think about 175. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Peter Kim with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Thanks for taking my question. Hi, I was wondering if you could give us an idea about what the 
ICOS contribution was for the guidance in terms of revenue bookings and shipments and how much it added to your 
backlog. 

<A - John Kispert>: Hi, Peter, were you listening to the earlier part of the call? I can repeat it all. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: I didn't hear you give guidance. I think you only mentioned shipments to total number. And also I 
didn't know that you mentioned anything about the ICOS contribution to backlog. 

<A - John Kispert>: It's a relatively small contribution. We only took a month of the – think of it as the P&L side. We 
took the whole balance sheet into our business. I also think the way to think about it is that the back end isn't as strong 
as it has been in prior quarters. But we don't normally break out our backlog for folks. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Okay. So with regards to how it was trending, I mean is it trending in line with like the 
semiconductor cycle right now, similar to your front end business? Or is it slower decline? Could you kind of 
characterize that? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yes, it's more similar to I think overall semi – the back end has been down as well. So it's 
similar to what we're seeing. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company. 

<Q - Ben Pang>: Thanks for taking my question, one question. If you look out to the second half of the year, do you 
expect that your orders for less than 45-nanometer go up, and can you put some color around that? How many 
customers maybe that are – that you have ordering that type of equipment? Thank you. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure, Ben. The 45-nanometer was about 75% of the business that we did in the June quarter 
that just finished and that seems about the right rate as you go forward. I think the question is these are pilot 
investments. And what we're hoping to see is obviously the expansion into more manufacturing and more ramp-up. So 
we anticipate that as a percentage, we probably won't see a lot of difference but obviously we are hoping for volumes to 
pick up toward end of the year. 

<Q - Ben Pang>: Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Great, thank you. My question is about the ICOS acquisition also. Now that it's integrated into 
the company, do you have plans in place to move the manufacturing of their products over to Singapore? And when 
would that be and how much could that help gross margins at some point? 

<A - John Kispert>: Hi, Stephen. John Kispert. We don't have any plans to make any changes at this point. We're 
working closely with the management team at ICOS. So I would say it's very premature to even think about the things 
that you are talking about in your question. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Okay. Thanks, John. 

<A - John Kispert>: Yes. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Thanks a lot. As you shift to the outsourcing in Singapore, how quickly can you react if there's a 
snap-back in demand and request for shipments? 

<A - John Kispert>: That, of course, is the key to our business. We feel very good right now about at this level being 
able to quickly – when I say quickly, over two to three quarters, to be able to double the size of our output. Our cycle 
times, as I said in the prepared remarks, are down. The newer products are coming out with common platforms and 
much lower cycle times. The Singapore plant is doing outstanding. So that is not one of my big concerns. I think we 
can react very quickly to any sort of a pickup anywhere in the world. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

<A - John Kispert>: Yes. 

Operator 

Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citi. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi guys, again. John, I'm not super bearish on memory. But I guess the big argument to make 
memory better over the longer term is that the orders come down and they stay down for at least a couple of quarters. 
So I'm just looking at the increase in September. It's about tripling, albeit off of a low level in June, but is that increase 
pretty broad-based or is that being driven by one particular spender? 

<A - John Kispert>: Yes, I would think of it as being one, maybe one and a half large orders. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Okay, and then just a bigger picture question relative to 45-nanometer. The leverage and the 
story – really the incremental opportunity at 45 versus 65 has been a big part of the story. And I guess as I'm looking at 
the order mix, you're already it seems like 75% of the way through the mix shift now. So is the 45-nanometer story 
would you argue the kind of leverage that you'd get incrementally versus 65? Is that over now and so you're already 
looking forward to 32 incrementally? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Tim, it's Rick. No, unfortunately, we're not seeing much of this 45 production. We're seeing 
45 development in pilot lines. We're getting early validation and you know in this kind of environment, the reason we 
hold up relatively well is because we get a lot of technology buys. We get technology buys and that's what's going on 
right now, but people aren't scaling production. And so we'd expect to see the ramp-up of 45 play out in the models that 
we've discussed in terms of incremental opportunity. 


<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: And Rick, just to make sure, you said that the incremental opportunity at 32 relative to 45 is 
30%. Is that the same number as 45 relative to 65? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Correct. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Gavin Duffy with Broadpoint Capital. 

<Q - Gavin Duffy>: Yes, thanks guys. I was just wondering you're talking about debooking 15 million in the quarter 
and then you've got this 715 million ship backlog, and I'm just figuring are you pretty comfortable with that number 
that it's scrubbed enough? 

<A - John Kispert>: Gavin, it's a great question. We're watching it very closely. I think the point I was trying to make 
was we've been watching it closely for the last four quarters. In other words, we didn't just wake up this quarter and 
debook 15 million. We've de-booked every quarter for the last four quarters, and so we feel comfortable today with our 
backlog. Most of the deliveries are within the next six months. A couple of them have moved out to maybe 7 or 8 
months. But I feel very comfortable that at this point in the cycle with the backlog. If you look at our history every 
quarter we're debooking. So, I'm not giving you a number that all of a sudden will drop on you. It's our very best 
estimate and we call it actually every two weeks in this environment and recheck with customers. 

I think the other data point that you should think about with your question is the shipment number I gave out earlier 
also. We're shipping quite a bit of it just in this quarter and also in the December quarter. 

<Q - Gavin Duffy>: Okay, I appreciate it. And if I could just sneak one more in here, with business being down across 
all the product lines, when you start to see improvement, is it one area you think that might improve before the others in 
terms of wafer, reticle, or metrology? 

<A - John Kispert>: There is a case historically. Many of the folks listening know that, and Rick mentioned this 
earlier. As we come out with newer products, particularly in the reticle space and in wafer space, you might see those 
places pick up first because obviously those are the – if you need reticles, you need better wafers to ramp. Those are 
typically the first jumps that we'll see. But in this case, I think some of the prior questions, we have a bunch of 
capacity-like opportunities for large companies that are taking advantage of the environment, the economic 
environment to get a jump on people with newer fabs. And in the case of memory, to Tim's question, they're to move 
quickly from 200 millimeter to 300 millimeter. They're trying to get below 6X technology nodes. Why, because they 
want to lower their costs and drive profit. So I think in this case, you might see a pop some time at the end of the 
calendar year of driven less around technology and more about just somebody trying to change the basis of their 
business. 

<Q - Gavin Duffy>: Thank you very much. 

<A - John Kispert>: Yes 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. Mr. Lockwood, please proceed with any closing 
remarks. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director of Investor Relations 


Okay, great. Thank you, Christian. Thank you all once again for your participation today and your continued support, 
this concludes our call. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


