Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations 
• Richard P. Rick Wallace, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Richard Wallace 
Other Participants 

• Krish Sankar 
• C.J. Muse 
• Timothy Arcuri 
• Satya Kumar 
• Stephen Chin 
• Raj Seth 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Peter Kim 
• Jagadish Iyer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Shawn and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the KLA-Tencor Second Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. 
[Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Ed Lockwood, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Shawn. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to KLA-Tencor's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 
Earnings Conference Call. Joining me on our call today are Rick Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer, 
and Mark Dentinger, our Chief Financial Officer. We're here today to discuss second quarter results for the period 
ended December 30, 2010. We released these results this afternoon at 1:15 p.m. Pacific Time. If you haven't seen the 
release, you can find it on our website at www.KLA-Tencor.com or call 408-875-3600 to request a copy. 

A simulcast of this call will be accessible on demand following its completion on the Investors section of our website. 
There you'll also find a calendar of future investor events, presentations and conferences, as well as links to 
KLA-Tencor's SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended June 30, 2010 and our 
subsequently filed 10-Q reports. In those filings you'll find descriptions of risk factors that could impact our future 
results. 

As you know, our future results are subject to risks. Any forward-looking statements, including those we make on this 
call today are subject to those risks, and KLA-Tencor cannot guarantee those forward-looking statements will come 


true. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in our forward-looking results. 

More information regarding factors that could cause those differences is contained in the filings we make with the SEC 
from time to time, including our fiscal year 2010 Form 10-K and our current reports on Form 8-K. We assume no 
obligation and do not intend to update those forward-looking statements. However, you can be reassured that any 
updates we do provide will be broadly disseminated and available over the web. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick. 

Richard P. Rick Wallace, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Ed, and thank you, all for joining our call today. I'll focus my commentary on summary highlights of our 
December quarter results, and then provide guidance for March. Then I'll turn the call over to Mark for a more detailed 
review of the financials, and we'll conclude with M&A (sic) [Q&A]. 

KLA-Tencor ended calendar year 2010 with an outstanding December quarter. We delivered record shipments, 
revenue, and non-GAAP net income, and we begin 2011 with good momentum as we head into the year. This 
achievement's the result of the company's technology and market leadership, our growth from adoption, and new 
markets. It also demonstrates great execution by the KLA-Tencor team in meeting customer needs, and driving 
operational excellence in a very healthy industry cycle environment. 

Here are some highlights of the Q2 results. New bookings in the December quarter came in at $725 million. Shipments 
increased 22% to a record $828 million in Q2. Over the past several years, we have transitioned to manufacturing 
multiple products to facilities in Singapore and Israel, and these operations continue to perform at a very high level, and 
yield significant cost advantages. 

Revenues grew 12% sequentially in December to a record $766 million, significantly above the range of guidance. And 
excluding some one-time charges, we achieved a new high in non-GAAP net income of $187 million, or $1.10 per 
diluted share in Q2. Finally, cash flow from operations was also very strong in Q2, coming in at $194 million, and we 
ended the quarter with $1.6 billion in cash and investments. These results show clearly that our long-term strategies are 
working. Our business model is showcasing its strong profit and cash generation ability. 

Turning now to some specifics on the current demand picture, Q2 orders reflected another quarter of high demand from 
the foundries, with foundry bookings at 72% of total new orders in the December quarter. The foundries are investing 
at a very high level to advance their technology roadmaps and to add capacity, and to keep pace with the rapid growth 
in advanced fabless design. 

Logic was 8% of bookings in December, driven by the continued migration to 22 nanometers. Recent commentary 
from our leading logic customers point to an anticipated significant increase in CapEx budget for calendar 2011 in 
order to further expand their global manufacturing capabilities. Finally, bookings for memory customers were 20% of 
the total in the December quarter. While Q2 memory demand was below the recent trend lines due to some shifts in 
order timing, we expect memory orders to recover in the March quarter, driven by an increase in NAND flash 
investment. 

Let me turn my focus to our view of what's in store for calendar 2011. Current external market estimates have 
semiconductor revenues forecasted to grow in the mid-single-digits for calendar 2011. And with recently announced 
increase in some of our foundry and logic customers' CapEx forecasts for the year, semi cap equipment market 
fundamentals appear solid, with a positive outlook for growth in equipment spending in the year ahead. In the memory 
market, while DRAM pricing continues to weigh on the industry, industry forecasts call for a significant increase in 
NAND flash capital investment in 2011 in order to support bit growth rate projections in the range of 80% to 90% for 
the year. 

As our customers execute their investment strategies at the leading edge, each successive generation of new technology 
is characterized by increasing process complexity, shorter market windows, and more challenging yield requirements. 


Process control is on the critical path for successful management of these complex technical challenges. And as the 
market leader, KLA-Tencor is positioned to continue to benefit from higher adoption of inspection and measurement as 
our customers move ahead with their advanced technology roadmaps. 

To summarize, the December quarter was an outstanding finish to a very successful calendar year 2010 for 
KLA-Tencor. Our numbers show the company is operating at a very high level, delivering record results in a period of 
very strong market demand. This performance also illustrates the strength of our long-term strategies, the value of our 
market leadership, and the significant leverage in our industry-leading business model. 

Moving now to the March quarter guidance, gross bookings are projected to be up 5% to up 25% in the third quarter. 
Revenue is expected to be in the range of $780 million to $830 million, and non-GAAP earnings in the range of $1.15 
to $1.30 per share. 

With that, I'll turn the call to Mark for his review of the financial results for the quarter. Mark? 

Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Rick. Consistent with our recent history, we present our income statement in two formats, one under U.S. 
GAAP, and the other in a non-GAAP format, which excludes amortization and write-downs of intangible assets 
associated with acquisitions, expenses associated with our stock options-related litigation, and certain costs and 
expenses, which are outside of our core operations, such as restructuring charges and unusual tax items. Our balance 
sheet and cash flow statements are presented in GAAP format only. 

Most to my prepared remarks on operations will refer to non-GAAP information, but where I reference GAAP 
numbers, I'll make the distinction. Reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP income statement is attached to our press 
release and available at our website. 

The differences between this quarter's GAAP and non-GAAP numbers are: acquisition-related amortization charges of 
$8 million before taxes or $0.03 per share after taxes; a $4 million non-cash tax credit from inter-year recovery of our 
cumulative shortfall position in employee stock activity. Removing this credit from GAAP earnings reduced our 
non-GAAP earnings by $0.02 per share. We had about $1 million in restatement-related charges and about $1 million 
of other GAAP-only gains, which offset each other and had no impact on EPS. 

Q2 new orders were $725 million. Net orders were $726 million. The regional distribution of new systems orders in the 
quarter-to-quarter change in distribution were as follows: the U.S. was 19% of new systems orders in Q2, down from 
21% in the September quarter; Europe was 10% of new systems orders, up from 4% in Q1; Japan was 5%, down from 
7% last quarter; Korea was 16%, down from 24% last quarter; Taiwan was 45%, up from 34% last quarter; and the rest 
of Asia was 5%, down from 10% in Q1. 

Q2 distribution of new systems and services orders by product family, and the quarter-to-quarter change in distribution 
were as follows: wafer inspection was 30%, compared with 49% last quarter; radical inspection was 26%, up from 11% 
last quarter; metrology was 20%, up from 17% in the prior quarter; solar, storage, LED and other non-semi was 5%, 
down from 6% last quarter; and services were 19% of new orders in Q2, up from 17% last quarter. 

Foundry customers comprised 72% of semiconductor systems orders in Q2 versus 44% in Q1; logic customers were 
8% of new systems orders in Q2 versus 18% in Q1; and memory systems orders were 20% in Q2, down from 38% in 
Q1. Looking forward, we expect that new orders for our fiscal Q3 will be within a range of up 5% to up 25% from the 
December quarter. 

In Q2, we shipped $828 million versus $677 million last quarter. The shipment number includes both system shipments 
and services revenue, and we expect a similar shipment level for Q3. The backlog at the end of Q2 decreased slightly 
from September 30 and we ended the quarter with $1.4 billion in total systems backlog. The backlog at December 31, 
2010 included $396 million of revenue backlog for products that had been shipped and invoiced, but have not yet been 
recognized as revenue, and a little over $1 billion in systems orders that have not yet shipped. 


Total revenue for Q2 was $766 million, up 12% from $682 million last quarter. Systems revenue for Q2 was up 14% to 
$628 million, compared with $551 million in Q1, and services revenue was $138 million in Q2, up about $7 million 
from Q1. Our expectation for total revenue in Q3 is a range between $780 million and $830 million. 

Non-GAAP gross margin was 60% in the December quarter, down two percentage points from September. Gross 
margin percentage decrease from last quarter was largely a function of product mix. For Q3 we are modeling a gross 
margin percentage improvement, with – a little better than our long-term model of 60% to 70% incremental margin 
improvement on the expected Q3 revenue increase. 

Operating expenses were $184 million, up about $4 million from the September quarter, and we expect a small increase 
in our operating expenses in Q3. OIE was a net $18 million expense in Q2, about $6 million higher than Q1. The OIE 
increase over last quarter was largely attributable to writing down an equity investment in our venture portfolio. For 
modeling purposes, we expect OIE to be a net expense of approximately $13 million in Q3. 

In Q2, our non-GAAP income tax expense was $72 million, or 28% of pre-tax income versus $63 million in Q1, which 
was 27% of pre-tax income. The tax rate increase largely arose from a change in the distribution of earnings between 

U.S. and lower taxed international operations, offset by the effects of reinstating the R&D tax credit during Q2. 
Non-GAAP net income was $187 million, or $1.10 per share in Q2. If we apply our model tax rate of 30%, our Q2 
non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $1.07 per share. For the revenue range I previously mentioned, we 
would expect our Q3 non-GAAP earnings to be somewhere between $1.15 and $1.30 per share. 

The weighted average shares used to compute EPS in Q2 were 169.5 million versus 169.8 million in Q1. During Q2 we 
spent $58 million repurchasing about 1.6 million shares and as of December 31, 2010, we had approximately 1.7 
million shares available under our current repurchase authorization. We anticipate continuing to repurchase shares in 
the March quarter. For guidance purposes, we are modeling an average share count of 169 million for Q3. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments ended the quarter at $1.6 billion, up about $100 million from the 
end of September. Cash generated from operations from $194 million in Q2, compared with $96 million in Q1. The 
improved operating cash generation mostly resulted from $140 million more in customer collections, and the 
collections increase was offset by higher income tax payments and our semi-annual interest payment. 

Net accounts receivable ended the quarter at $531 million, up from $500 million at September 30. DSOs were 63 at 
December 31 versus 67 at the end of September. Both DSO figures are net of allowance for uncollectable accounts and 
factoring. Net inventories increased by $41 million from September 30 and ended the quarter at $505 million. 
Inventory turnover based upon GAAP cost of revenues was 2.6 turns in Q2 versus 2.3 turns in Q1. 

Capital expenditures were $12 million in Q2 versus $11 million in Q1, and we completed the sale of our vacated San 
Jose campus, which resulted in $18 million in net cash proceeds. Total head count at December 31 was 5,267, up from 
5,180 at September 30. We expect our head count will increase slightly during Q3. 

In summary, our guidance for Q3 is new orders up 5% to 25% from Q2, total revenue between $780 million and $830 
million, non-GAAP EPS between $1.15 and $1.30. This concludes our prepared remarks on the quarter. I will now turn 
the call back over to Ed to begin Q&A. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Okay, thank you, Mark. At this point we'd like to open up the call to Q&A, and we do ask once again that you limit 
yourself to one question, given the limited time we have for our call today. Feel free to re-queue for your follow-up 
questions and we'll do our best to get everyone on today's call. 

Shawn? 

Q&A 


Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America 
Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I had a couple of them, Rick. The first one is when you 
look at 2011, how do you feel calendar second half is going to be relative to first half, and of the different verticals 
that's going to drive the second half of the year, foundry, NAND, et cetera. And I had a follow-up. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure, Krish. I think right now – just back up, and as we looked across 2011, I'd say our bias 
has switched. If you go back probably to last quarter, we were thinking flat to down 10% for the year, and we're 
modeling now 5% to up 10% with some of the recent announcements, some of the activities in 15 projects that we're 
following. 

It's always tough on timing, but I would think that we see NAND continuing, probably coming back for us this coming 
quarter, the March quarter, and then some good projects out there in foundry. You know, there continues to be strong 
investment in foundry and I think we'll see that in the first half, but there's also projects that we see on the books now 
for second half. So, I think foundry says pretty solid during the year. 

Also for us, we see wafer guys continuing to ramp, and we see more investment happening with the wafer guys, and we 
see some in the back end pretty strong. So, I would say right now it's kind of hard to break the first half/second half, but 
we do see about flat to up 10% for the overall year. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Got it, thanks, Rick. And then a follow-up is clearly you guys are running at a pretty high, 
healthy run rate from all shipment booking, and the revenue standpoint. What is your quarterly capacity? How much 
revenue can you ship on a quarterly basis from your factories today? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: I don't think we're capacity limited, although they're certainly – we're stretched and we're 
running pretty hot on overtime and we've got a lot of people working hard to meet the demand out there. But we 
forecast in pretty much all the scenarios we can imagine. I don't think we're going to be capped on capacity as we go 
forward. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: All right, thank you. 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I would just add that when 
we set up the offshore structure in Singapore and Israel three years ago, we had hypothesized that we should be able to, 
with the right balance in the quarter, and so on, and so forth, carry a $3.5 billion run rate if we got to that level. But 
interestingly enough, we're beginning to get into that range. So, we're stretched, but we still have a little headroom. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital. Your line is open. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Great, thanks. Thank you for taking my question. First question, I was hoping you could help me 
understand why memory was so I guess light in Q4? And then I guess importantly on the March quarter, what kind of 
mix do you expect I guess between foundry, logic and memory? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Hi, C.J. Yeah, we had some stuff that kind of fell out of the quarter timing and – specifically 
in NAND, and we do see that coming back. So, you know, it's projects that just – we didn't get through all the complete 
negotiations. So, we see probably 75% or so of the March memory orders being NAND, and that was – they were 
pretty low in the December quarter. But overall, we think memory's probably around 30% for us in March. 


<Q - C.J. Muse>: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess second question on the gross margin side, in terms of the 
weakness there in December, is that just primarily mix? And then I guess looking to the March quarter, it looks like at 
the midpoint of your guide, you're telling us gross margins will at least marginally exceed the September quarter. Is that 
the right way to look at it? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: That's the right way to look at it, C.J. This was primarily a mix phenomenon in this quarter. If 
you look at the last – I don't know, six to eight quarters, you'll see a very consistent trend where we have 
over-performed our long-term 60% to 70% incremental margin target. So, we were probably due for a corrective 
quarter with respect to meeting that target. But as you can see in the guide, we are anticipating that we'll push north of 
that and again, get back on an upward swing on the margin. 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And then just one last comment, 
C.J, the bookings we're getting now would support that when those convert to revenue in the future too. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yep. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup. Your line is open. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi, guys, two things from me. First of all, Rick, if I go back and I look at memory as a percent 
of your bookings and I compare it to some of your – not direct peers, but some of the other companies in the general 
sector, it's about half in some cases over time as a relative percentage of your business. 

And my first question is is there something that's going to happen in the memory business that's going to change that, 
that's going to make maybe memory become a little more inspection intensive? Because once you get past this big 
foundry bubble, it would seem like NAND is sort of what's going to keep the cycle going, if you will. And then I had a 
follow-up, thanks. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure, Tim. Yeah, there are some inflections I think for the memory guys. They do struggle as 
they're bringing out new processes, but clearly we've seen intensity in the foundries to be very favorable for us. So, 
we've got some work to do to demonstrate that on memory, but we do have some good signs. I think I've mentioned in 
the past we actually also end up having a mix question. 

There are certain customers that are more memory intensive, inspection intensive than others, in the memory sector. So, 
it's not entirely just a long device type and we do see some favorable – let me say, favorable trends in regard to who's 
making the investments, and how memory – inspection intensive they are. So, I think it'll get better for us as we go 
forward. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Got you, okay. And then just last one for me, if I compare to the peak of 2007, most – I mean, 
you've grown earnings quite a bit obviously, but most of the growth in earnings has come from taking out OpEx, taking 
out SG&A. 

And I'm wondering as you go forward, as you're shipping more products into the market – we heard from Lam 
yesterday that they're having to increase SG&A going forward, because of the influx of shipments into the marketplace 
to basically support all those tools. Will we see some lift in your OpEx going forward, as you have to support all these 
tools in the field? Thanks. 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, two things on that, Tim, 
the truth of the matter is is that R&D, as a percentage of revenue is cyclical in and of itself, in the sense that it depends 
on new product timing and new product introductions, and so on, and so forth. So, that actually, in terms of our OpEx, 
operates a little bit more independently of the revenue line – at least in the short run than the G&A does. 


The G&A structure we have right now is largely, fairly intact with respect to how much we think we will need going 
forward, but it does fluctuate a little bit based upon sales volume obviously. You have to have feet on the street to meet 
the demand. And it also is – it is a little bit captive in a portion of our G&A growth since the '07 period of time has 
been just as a result of exchange rates because we incur a fair amount of that in international currency. 

So to sum it up, R&D will move a little bit more independently over time to the revenue line, but the G&A expense, we 
think we're pretty well resourced right now; may fluctuate a little, but we don't anticipate it going wildly up or down 
from there. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Thanks, Mark. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Yeah, hi, thanks, good quarter. First of all, I'm pondering, yesterday Lam talked about a $130K 
to $150K of new capacity coming online in 2011. Have you guys gone through what you've at the end of December in 
your foundry backlog to see what portion of that is in the backlog, and what's still ahead of you? 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, sure, of course, we have. 
And from our standpoint, there are several projects that still are in early phases that we haven't seen the bookings yet, 
and of course, we've got backlog, which you can figure out based on where our bookings have been. So, we see 
foundry continuing as we go forward, and as you know, foundry growth rates are higher I think than the other sectors 
and our intensity there is pretty good. Plus we've got new players making strategic investments in the space. So, we're 
pretty confident that foundry's going to continue to be robust through 2011. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Got you, and the quick follow-up, your backlog, if you look at your book-to-ship for Q1, it's still 
1.0, and you're not really bleeding that $1.4 billion backlog, which is almost three times what you were running at at 
the trough back in '09. How should we think about bleeding the backlog into revenues as we move beyond March? 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you know, this has been an 
interesting question as we came into – I'd say as we said, six months ago or three months ago even, we had forecasted 
the downward draft for 2011 of flat to down 10. And so we were being a little more prudent with the backlog. And we 
look at it now and as we – you know, it gives us some ability to continue to ramp revenue and earnings as we go 
forward. 

Because to your point, if you look at our guide against our ship and revenue, we're not burning a lot of it off and we do 
have customer demands to meet. So, I'd say we don't need it for protection as much as now we're doing everything we 
can to support our customers and to meet their needs going forward, but it does give us some runway. 

<A - Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations>: Next question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Your line is open. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Thanks. Hi, Rick and Mark, nice results, too. Just a follow-up question on the March quarter, 
customer orders by foundry and logic, Rick, I know you said memory could be 30% of orders, but how do you see 
logic trending as a percentage of March orders, and should logic steadily increase as we go through the year? Is that 
kind of how you see that shaping out? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Well, so two things, Stephen. One is logic, we think – and these are imprecise numbers, but 
we modeled it roughly flat at 8%, but of course, we said the overall bookings are up 5% to 25%, so we're seeing 
growth. And we are seeing foundries continue to be strong in the 60%, 65% range for us. But we do think that logic 


will grow. This is lower than it's been in the past. We do see some signs that probably part of what helped us view that 
2011 as being up is some investment we know is happening as we get later in the calendar year for logic. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Okay, and then just a follow-up question on the wafer inspection equipment orders here in the 
December quarter. It looked like it was a little bit lower than the last couple of quarters. Is that just some consumer 
order timing for wafer inspection equipment, and it's not indicative of any share losses that – and maybe you would see 
that grow back to the 40% of total bookings going forward? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yeah, no, it's – we already see it for the March quarter. We're modeling in the 45%, 50% 
range, probably – you know, pick the middle of the range to be fair. We had a very strong radical quarter, which is also 
part of what happened, is radical came in very strong and was, as we said, 26% of orders. And that won't hold, that'll 
come down, but it'll shift a little back toward historic numbers as we get to March. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Okay, thanks, Rick. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Yeah, hi, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. Rick, can you talk a little bit more about the capital 
intensity trend in this business? You partially answered this I guess in response to Tim's question around memory. But 
over the next – I don't know, two, three years, what do you see for PDC specifically, if possible, if you can talk about 
memory versus the trend you see in foundry? Are there any metrics that you can put around what I presume is a – at 
least what Lam suggested, was an overall increase in capital intensity? I know it varies by segment. Thanks. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: It certainly varies by segment, Raj. I think there's two factors going into this. One, foundry is 
going through a couple of changes, I think, if you look fundamentally over the last few quarters. One is they're finally, 
having to add technology and capacity to compensate for IDMs having shifted a lot of their manufacturing to the 
foundries. So, that was one trend driving intensity. 

But the other trend that drives it for us is the fact that they need to be able to handle multiple process flows, and they 
need to have the ability to get a better handle on their yields, so they don't start too many wafers or start too few. And 
so that drives it for us and we've benefited from that. And then the other factor, I guess is, there's increased competition 
now, so overall I think the intensity is going up, because there's multiple players trying to get part of that growth 
segment. 

So all those are kind of favorable factors, whereas memory on the other hand, it had probably, as we know, had more 
capacity than the market could support. And so that certainly didn't drive intensity up, and they don't have some of the 
same dynamics quite yet. So, you know, I model overall PDC, we'd be – we're very conservative in our modeling, but it 
probably is flat to up slightly in terms of overall adoption over the next couple years. 

But really, we think, if anything, that's the upside in our earnings model, and as we review it out for the next five years, 
we think there's good chance. We just have to make it happen in terms of making sure our products provide that value 
for our customers. But all of the drives are driving more intensity, and that favors us if we can continue to execute on 
our product roadmap. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Good, thanks for that. Good quarter. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. If you can help us with the gross margin a little bit in terms of the product 
mix, it looked like for last three or four quarters, your mix has been rich, and then suddenly it has changed. And can 
you give us some more color? Was that radical inspection very strong for last three quarters, or is it metrology coming 
back stronger 


<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, it – yeah, Mahesh, let me 
help you a little bit with it. Part of the reason that you can get a quarter-to-quarter mix phenomenon is that – just the 
way we do some of the cost accounting on when we ship a tool. The customer order is a base tool now with an option 
to upgrade. We basically cost out the entire cost of the tool, both the base tool today, and the option to upgrade in the 
future. So, when we get that order in the future with the upgrade, that comes in at almost 100% margin. 

So when we say product mix, it's more complex than just it's coming out of this family or that family. It actually can get 
into what is actually the nature of the order. So, if there's enough new tools going out with future options on them, 
you're actually going to get a relatively lower margin operating quarter with the knowledge that at some point in the 
future, you're going to get margin-rich revenue coming through. So, that's an example. So, when we say product mix, 
it's a pretty complex answer actually. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Should we expect that maybe two, three quarters down the road – I'm not sure that would 
be the case, but should we expect that two, three quarters down the road, the mix might improve, because right now 
you might be getting a lot of new orders? 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, we certainly – we know 
inside of our – the contents of our backlog, we absolutely know that at some point you're going to get some more 
margin-rich revenue. It's very difficult to call the exact timing and it's very difficult to call the timing inside a quarter in 
the future in which other phenomenon might be happening. You might have to take a big EN&D reserve or something 
like that in some future quarter. 

So what you can say, though, is that as we examine this problem quarter-to-quarter, we do – we can pretty easily isolate 
in on the mix phenomenon as the large contributor this quarter. And you can see in our guide going into next quarter 
that we do have some confidence that the margin will improve. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: But, just one thing to add to this, if you just do the math, we're saying incremental gross 
margin 60% to 70% and we believe that going forward, you start hitting at the size numbers that we are, it gets very 
hard to move that average once you're in the 60s significantly up, and you occasionally, you get this bouncing around. 
But it's pretty – we're sticking with the incremental 60% to 70% and as we go forward, you can do the math on where 
that gets you and it's not going to move a lot. 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, and – yeah, finally, 
obviously as your incremental gross margin begins to approach your average – or your average begins to approach the 
incremental number, you can see that there's some natural ceiling to it as well, so anyway 


<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Right, okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Peter Kim with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I think this morning one of your largest customers was talking 
about potentially putting in a 450-millimeter wafer capacity a few years down the road. I was wondering if you could 
talk about whether or not you guys – how long ahead of that that you guys would have to start the development 
process, and would there be a meaningful impact in terms of the costs that would come through? 


<A - Richard Wallace>: Yeah, Peter, that's a great question. There is already work going on on 450, and there's been, 
but obviously we're in very close contact with the customers that have expressed an interest in 450. So, there has – 
already in the OpEx line, there is some money that's spent on it. As you might imagine, some of our tools would be first 
of a kind in the 450 development tools, specifically for wafer metrology and wafer – bare wafer inspection because that 
goes very early. So, those tools are on roadmaps that can support that. 

They are inside the plans that we talk about – when we talk about our incremental operating margin, it is contemplating 
that at some point in the future those tools will come to market. I think the timing for that, by the time you'll see any 
meaningful impact to the spend line that shows up in anything is in the 2014 kind of timeframe, because we can do the 
things that we need to do well within the budget. So, I don't think it's anything in the next few years that's going to 
materially change our story. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Great, and if I could just have a quick follow-up, you guys released a new product for the LED. I 
was wondering if you could kind of share with us what your views are in terms of the market size, and what the 
potential could be, let's say this year and next year? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Sure, yeah, there's a – we're seeing pretty healthy business outside the core in the – what we 
call the non-semi space, and we're at 5% of the bookings for last quarter. So, you go forward, you're in a $250 million, 
$300 million run rate for non-core. And that's up from pretty much zero four or five years ago. So, that's been good for 
the company. I think there's a lot of growth potential overall in the non-core semi, including high brightness LED. 

I think the growth rate on that is high, it's probably 15% to 20% growth rate going forward, but that particular portion is 
a relatively small market. So, again, we think that rate will grow over time, but high brightness LED, maybe that 
business could become $100 million in the next three years. We can get it to that, it's certainly not there yet. But we 
have a pole position, we're leading share and we've got great technology, and we're working actively with those 
customers, and we bring real value to that. So, we think that'll grow over time. But it's inside of that as I said, 5% to 6% 
of our overall business. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Okay. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Arete Research. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Rick, I have two questions. First one is that I see under 
calendar '010, can you give us an update on how your market share ended at least for your core products? And can you 
share with us what you might have in terms of targets tomorrow for '011, please? I have a follow-up. 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yeah, market share ended up pretty strong. We gained some share during the year. There are 
always puts and takes to that as you go through a year, depending on exact configurations of who's buying. But overall, 
part of our strength in 2010 was in market share. And we did that both through new products, but also just working 
very closely with our customers, so very strong on that. I'm not sure I understood the – was the forecast for 2011 in 
terms of share? 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Yeah, in terms of how many – yes, exactly, what do you plan to achieve at least? Is there any 
targets that you can share with us, please? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Well, we certainly don't expect our share to go down. We don't have a target to have share go 
down, but we do have shares – we target to grow share. We've done a good job in the macro inspection market growing 
market share, and we've actually done a good job in review. And I think that trend continues as we contemplate our 
product roadmap, and the reception at some of the early meetings that customers are having in terms of next-generation 
product. 


So we expect to be able to grow share in the segments where historically we haven't had a leading position, and I think 
we'll build on the strength in the ones that we do. So, as we look forward, we're investing very heavily to continue to 
have our market leadership position in those core markets. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Okay. And just a follow-up, I wanted to find out, you're going to generate lots of cash this year, 
any more on buybacks or hike in dividends, please? 

<A - Richard Wallace>: Yeah, I'll let Mark take that one. 

<A - Mark P. Dentinger, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, we signaled that we would 
continue with our buyback program into Q3, and it's part of our annual review of both our strategic plan and our capital 
structure review. We will probably be looking at that over the next couple of quarters. And if we have an update, we'll 
certainly communicate it out to you guys as part of our regular communication plan. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Lockwood. Sir, please go ahead. 

Ed Lockwood, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Shawn, and we'd like to thank everyone for joining us on our call this afternoon. A replay of the call will be 
available on our website by about 5:00 Pacific Time and will be accessible throughout the end of the quarter. And once 
again, thank you, all for your continued interest in KLA-Tencor. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


