Q2 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Christopher M. Jakubik 
• William Anthony Vernon 
• Timothy R. McLevish 
Other Participants 

• Thilo Wrede 
• Bryan D. Spillane 
• John J. Baumgartner 
• Andrew Lazar 
• Ken B. Goldman 
• Jason M. English 
• Jonathan P. Feeney 
• Kenneth B. Zaslow 
• Robert B. Moskow 
• Chris Growe 
• Alexia Jane Howard 
• David C. Driscoll 
• Eric R. Katzman 
• Diane R. Geissler 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kraft Foods Group Inc. Reports Second Quarter Results 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer 
session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being 
recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's program Mr. Chris Jakubik of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Christopher M. Jakubik 

Good afternoon, and thanks for joining our quarterly business update. As usual, Tony Vernon, our CEO, and Tim 
McLevish, our CFO are with us today as well. 

During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual 
results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. These are discussed in our press release and our Form 10-K. 

We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to 
non-GAAP reconciliations within our press release and in the Inventor Center of kraftfoodsgroup.com. 

With that out of the way, I'll now hand it over to Tony and Tim. 


William Anthony Vernon 

Thanks, Chris. And thanks to all of you for joining us to discuss the puts and takes in our business through the second 
quarter of this year. On last quarter's call, I talked about our turnaround being a marathon, not a sprint, and the fact that 
our quarterly earnings pacing would reflect the rate of stepped up brand investments vis-a-vis the flow of cost savings. 
Hopefully you've all had a chance to read our press release and review our second quarter financials. The results show 
we've made further progress on our cost savings initiatives, especially in the way of manufacturing productivity and 
faster than expected quarterly pacing on the bottom line. 

At the same time, as you've seen in the scanner data and from our industry peers, there was not as much progress on the 
top line in the second quarter. Organic net revenues were 1.2% lower in Q2 including a headwind of approximately 1.5 
points from a combination of Easter timing and product line pruning. 

But that is no excuse. Our benchmark is the North American food and beverage industry and we aim to outperform our 
benchmark over time. The fact is, with or without the Easter impact, our 1.2% organic revenue decline trailed industry 
growth of plus 0.2%. So let's dive right into what we've seen on the top line and what we're doing about it. 

As I've said before, we will defend our categories and build upon our successes with a disciplined focus on the 
long-term to grow and grow profitably. And in the second quarter, we invested aggressively in many of our brands, 
employing the full extent of our marketing playbook, good-better-best offerings, building the equity of our iconic 
brands, world-class marketing, and industry leading innovation and taking cost out to pay for it all. Where we've done 
that, we've gotten great results. 

In Cheese and Dairy, we ended Q2 gaining share in the total cheese category on a 52-week basis, the first time in a very 
long time since that's happened. This was led by significantly improved advertising over the past year and as George 
Zoghbi described at the CAGNY lunch in June Philly, Velveeta, Kraft slices, Cracker Barrel, and Shredded Cheese are 
all seeing process and manufacturing changes to drive further renovation of these great brands and our competitive 
advantage going forward. 

Velveeta dinners were up double digits over the prior year thanks to marketing investment and great innovation. 
Lunchables was up and continue to innovate with its latest successful launch – Lunchables Uploaded, introducing 
another rung on the price value ladder and establishing a range of good-better-best offerings within our Lunchables 
franchise. 

In Beverages, we drove a significant improvement in product mix. On Demand coffee has grown since the first quarter 
introduction of our new Keurig compatible cups. We increased our offerings in the second quarter, and more innovative 
SKUs will hit the shelves in the coming weeks. 

Our new Crystal Light and Kool-Aid water enhancers drove further growth in our Beverage Mixes business, 
distribution gains were on track and consumer pull has been great. And lastly, our Planter's snack nuts turnaround story 
continues, Planter's share has been up for the last five consecutive four-week periods, after 20 consecutive periods of 
share decline. You know, last quarter we talked about the Kool-Aid man's comeback. This time it's another one of our 
great icons who is taking center stage, Mr. Peanut, our beloved spokesnut for Planter's is back with a new voice and 
new creative that launched just after the quarter ended to support our newest nutrition products. Great momentum for a 
great jewel in our portfolio and there's more to come from Mr. Peanut. Hey, if you can't get excited about Mr. Peanut in 
this business you can't get excited about anything. 

Now across our portfolio, we held or grew market share in more than half of our revenue base during the first six 
months of the year. And our shares continued to strengthen as we advanced through the second quarter, but it is not 
enough to simply grow market share. We have an obligation to our customers to drive volume and category growth, 
and the fact is in the second quarter, consumption weakness and competitive activity in several categories worked to 
offset the strong growth we saw in the rest of the portfolio. 

Our Pourable and Spoonable Dressing categories were down significantly, primarily due to aggressive discounting and 
merchandising by our competitors. In Cold Cuts, we're working to stabilize share and revenue losses through a strategy 


that includes better price size architecture, and shifting marketing across our good-better-best lineup. Crystal Light 
powdered beverage mixes were down, primarily due to cannibalization from our own liquid water enhancers and 
price-based competition from other powdered players. And Jell-O was down again in the quarter, because we haven't 
progressed the marketing proposition to a point where it justified our big bet investment levels. Now, could we have 
done more in these areas to prop up volume and sales performance in the quarter? Absolutely. But if a promotion didn't 
meet our profitability hurdles or our long-term business objectives, we held back. If a campaign wasn't ready for prime 
time, we held back. This is the discipline of focusing on profitable growth. In fact, our promotion levels were down 8% 
versus the second quarter of last year compared to a 1.2% decline for the entire industry. 

The bottom line is this, we are not yet firing on all cylinders in terms of brand building marketing and promotional 
programs. And we are still not at share of voice, share of market benchmark advertising levels behind a number of our 
biggest brands. 

We have more to do and more to do consistently across all our categories. But we are making progress and we begin 
second half with share momentum from a stronger base. We have a more robust slate of programs and innovation in 
place across more categories than we've had in a long time. For instance, in our Grocery business alone, roughly 
two-thirds of our brands will have on-air support, with a 30% increase in advertising versus the prior year. We fully 
expect these initiatives over the back half will drive greater profitable revenue growth and address some of the softness 
we saw in certain categories in the first half of the year. At the same time, we're making excellent progress in lowering 
our costs through Lean Six Sigma and overhead reductions, as well as strengthening our talent. 

Let me turn it over to Tim to talk about the cost side of the equation in quarter two. 

Timothy R. McLevish 

Thanks, Tony. I'm very pleased to say we're making great progress on the cost side. Our relentless drive for efficiency 
and cost savings continued to show through in our second quarter results. We were up against exceptional profitability 
in the year ago period when several of our businesses were either benefiting from pricing catching up to input costs or 
were not yet spending strongly against their brands. 

So, excluding the impact from post-employment programs, which I'll discuss later, our operating profit dollars were 
down versus very strong prior year results. Nonetheless, we're on track if not ahead of our full-year plan, in terms of 
profitability and we're delivering the fuel to reinvest in our business. Through the first six months of the year, 
productivity paced above our 2.5% long-term target and led to very healthy gross profit dollars and margin in the 
quarter. A good portion of this was due to the timing of productivity gains versus the timing of line investments to drive 
innovation that will materialize in the back half of the year. Even so, this gives us greater confidence in hitting that part 
of our growth algorithm for the year. At the overhead line, savings continue to come through and track favorably to the 
prior year, and we will hold full year overhead costs flat to down from the prior year. That's better than our previous 
expectation that our cost reductions this year would not fully cover the synergies from becoming a standalone 
company. But while our cost savings programs are on track, we need to strike a better balance between savings and 
reinvestment going forward. 

Our challenge is to ensure that we're well positioned to more quickly translate savings into investments that will drive 
our business. 

Let me turn it back to Tony to build on that. 

William Anthony Vernon 

Thanks, Tim. I can't emphasize enough that are critical part of that investment is our people, and we've made 
significant progress on several fronts. The first is recruiting. This has been our biggest recruiting year ever. We are 
selectively and aggressively hiring across the new KRAFT, in part as we fill vacancies created by employees opting 


into our early retirement program or creating new roles to reflect our key priorities. 

The second is training and building important capabilities. KRAFT University is open for enrollment. Our Chief 
Marketing Officer, Deanie Elsner's organization has also created its Marketing Center of Excellence, providing a lean 
core of deep expertise that will help us strengthen our marketing muscle, unleashing the power of our brands and our 
brand managers. And in our performance-first culture our brand teams and all of our key leaders will be rewarded 
commensurate with their ability to drive profitable growth. Third, we're ensuring our organizational structure brings out 
the best in our people, allowing greater focus and reducing complexity. This quarter we're dividing our Grocery 
business unit into two new units, creating simpler structures that bring together similar brands and categories. Focus 
and simplified decision-making are critical in today's world of real-time marketing and the ongoing reinvention of our 
brands. 

And last, we continue to build a winning, inclusive, and collaborative culture. We are on track to complete the 
transformation of our Kraft town campus by the end of this year, creating an open workspace. But it's not just about the 
physical workspace; it's how we bring our people together through the culture we create. 

Kraft was just recognized for the fourth year in a row by DiversityInc for creating an inclusive and diverse environment 
that brings a unique perspective, which in turn drives innovation and ideas that reflect and connect with the customers 
and consumers we serve. 

And finally, we have created a new community, with career paths for military personnel looking to transition from 
serving their country to civilian life. We were honored to be named to the Military Times 2013 Best Places for Vets 
list. 

In sum, our talent strategy can be captured in nine words; recruit the best, grow the best, reward the best. These efforts 
touch all corners of our organization from marketing to functions like finance, supply chain, and R&D, and you'll hear 
more about what we're doing in these areas in the coming months. 

Timothy R. McLevish 

So now let's move on to our EPS results, which for the second quarter were $1.38, up from $1.02 last year. There are 
two factors I'd like to highlight here. The first is the non-cash benefit of $0.62 per share for market-based impacts to 
our post-employment benefit plans. When we announced our new post-employment benefit strategy last year, we 
indicated that we would make an annual mark-to-market true-up in the fourth quarter each year. 

So why are we reporting the impact now? Earlier this year, we initiated a voluntary early retirement program; the result 
of that program triggered a remeasurement of two of our largest pension plans. And the impact of that remeasurement 
reflected higher discount rates and asset values. Given the significance of this impact, we were required to record these 
results this quarter. And for the same reasons, we will be re-measuring again in the third quarter. Unfortunately there's 
no way to reasonably predict future impacts. So we have assumed no additional resultant change in our 2013 guidance 
update. 

Back to our Q2 results and the second factor to note. As anticipated, and as we highlighted in our first quarter call, our 
earnings from operations in the second quarter were lower than in the prior year, down $0.10 when compared to the 
exceptional level of profitability that occurred in the second quarter of 2012. 

Nonetheless, while we faced a difficult comparison in Q2, we were still up nicely on a year-to-date basis, and in fact a 
bit ahead of the pacing we expected in our full year guidance. To that end, I'll turn it back to Tony to begin our update 
on guidance for the year. 

William Anthony Vernon 


Thanks, Tim. On the top line, we recognized that our organic net revenue growth may finish the year slightly below our 
original forecast. While we expect our second half growth will outpace the market, we anticipate that our focus on 
profitable growth and a slower than anticipated Q2 will mean that our total organic net revenues may trail overall North 
American food and beverage growth for the full year. And that includes the extraordinary product pruning we've talked 
about before, which will impact our top line by about one point this year, but should not be a factor beyond 2013. 

Timothy R. McLevish 

We're also updating our EPS guidance. As you saw in our second quarter results, savings are pacing slightly ahead of 
plan. We also anticipate favorability at the tax line, with an effective tax rate for the full year of about 34% versus 35% 
expected previously. However, we will spend back some of that upside. One of the areas we will be restructuring. We 
expect to complete most, if not all, of our restructuring program, this year. Total restructuring program costs in 2013 
are expected to be approximately $325 million versus the $300 million expected previously. We'll also use some of the 
favorability to reinvest into brand building. As a result, we're increasing our guidance from approximately $2.75 a 
share to approximately $3.40 a share. This reflects the $0.62 non-cash benefit from the market-based impacts to our 
post-employment benefit plans I discussed earlier, as well as some upside from operations and our tax rates. 

We're also pacing to deliver free cash flow at a greater than expected level this year, about $1.2 billion compared to 
previous guidance of approximately $1 billion. The upside to our free cash flow expectations is driven by strong 
working capital management and CapEx efficiency. Overall, our organization is embracing and we'll continue to 
embrace cash-driven return-focused decision making. I would also point out that we're on track with our $600 million 
pension contributions roughly two-thirds of which have already been made and is reflected in the $399 million first half 
free cash flow we just reported. 

Before we go to Q&A, one final note on what you can expect in our reporting going forward. As Tony mentioned, 
we're creating two stand-alone business units by dividing the brands in our Grocery segment. Our third quarter results, 
we'll report these business units as distinct reportable segments. 

In addition, we will begin reporting Canada results separately from what we are calling our Other businesses, Exports 
and Food Service. We will provide you with the historical breakout for our new segment structure before the end of the 
third quarter. 

Now, I'll turn things back over to Tony for a few final remarks. 

William Anthony Vernon 

Thanks, Tim. As I said at the outset, we are making meaningful progress on our plans with a mission to deliver 
long-term profitable growth and strong free cash flow. We're focused and taking the right steps to build our brands, our 
people, and our capabilities. And now we'd love to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Thilo Wrede from Jefferies. Your question please. 

<Q - Thilo Wrede>: Good evening, everybody. Tony, you mentioned certain weakness in your salad dressings. Is that 
just more competitive activity or is there also a shift to refrigerated salad dressing away from the shelf-stable product 
that you have? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, I think when it comes to salad dressings, we're talking about a business that 
really is -- really is in the midst of a lot of competitive Armageddon activity. You've got five or six big players. You've 


got two that are rumored to be for sale or are for sale. You're seeing significant promotion, 10 for $10 in merchandising 
and pricing, and frankly we're electing not to go deep in play. You've seen we've done some good things with our 
Italian dressing line and Mr. Zesty. We are doing some promotion, but we're not going to the 10 for $10 level. And 
probably, we're going to ride this out until we have all elements of our program ready to go and, and let the 
marketplace battle it out for a while. 

<Q - Thilo Wrede>: So there is really no shift from the center of the store to the refrigerated aisle that you can see? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Not that's significant at this point. 

<Q - Thilo Wrede>: Okay. And then Mac and Cheese seems to become much more crowded. Obviously Kraft has a 
fantastic brand there with the Kraft brand. How do you stay ahead of this increased competitive activity there though? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, I mean Mac and Cheese is center of the plate for Kraft, and probably one of 
our most important franchises. We have formidable foes and some of the bigger players are getting into this with some 
of the entrants. 

We'll continue to battle, and I think we've demonstrated that there is a rising tide because this category is especially 
well-positioned in the recession. You actually can feed your family well with what we offer and what some of the 
competitors offer. So I'm looking for some real category growth and I think we'll defend ourselves nicely. 

<Q - Thilo Wrede>: Wouldn't you be the one though that everybody goes after for market share? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, and we saw this when one of those companies up north with a great brand 
name came after us and we probably had one of our best years ever in the face of real competition. I think great 
competition can bring out the greatness in great brands and deliver category growth to our customers. 

<Q - Thilo Wrede>: All right. I appreciate it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your 
question please. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: How are you doing, Bryan? 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Good, thanks. A couple of questions just related to the guidance, I guess first, correct me, if 
I'm remembering this wrong, but beginning next year you're actually not going to give any forward guidance, is that 
correct? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: That is correct, Bryan, yes. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. So when we're looking at the -- how to treat the mark-to-market gain for the 
guidance, now including that it's $3.40 but we're not really-- we're not going to have any guidance for next year. So we 
should we be thinking about that being the base to use to grow to apply the algorithm to, or is --? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: So we didn't envision, quite frankly, at the time we set our growth algorithm in place 
that we were actually going to go to mark-to-market accounting nor that it would have such a material impact. 

Again, I would remind you that is a non-cash impact and our growth algorithm does not include it. So how I would 
suggest you think about next year is, I would strip out the impact of the mark-to-market, whether it be in the second 
quarter, what may transpire in the third quarter, and then any true up we will do in the fourth quarter of this year as the 
base operational foundation, I would suggest that, we have said that this year we're going to have $325 million of 
restructuring, but we would scale that back to about $125 million on an ongoing basis as we move forward. So I would 
add that to the base guidance and then apply the growth we've identified, which is kind of a from an OI standpoint mid 


to upper single digits and from an EPS standpoint mid-single digits. So that's how I would suggest you think about it. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. So we'd using a base now of instead $2.75, it's gone up, I guess to $2.78 to sort of, as 
we're starting to think about what, how we grow next year. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: That's correct. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yeah, and clarification. It's mid-single digit at the OI level and then mid to high at the 
EPS, as a long-term growth algorithm. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Yeah. Okay. And then. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I got it backwards. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: And then just one last question related to it. If we look at the first half of this year, I think 
the beginning of the year, we had guidance of $2.75 and we were assuming, I think it was the assumption was that 
about, it would be split evenly 50-50 between the first half and the second half. I think that's what was, what you said 
on the first quarter earnings call. So right now, you're running about $0.14 ahead of that plan and I guess you're going 
to spend about $25 million back on extra restructuring, so does it leave us with about $80 million or $90 million more 
of marketing spend for the year or -- I'm just trying to understand how much more incremental spending there will be in 
the second half versus what your original budget was. Because it seems like, understanding there's some phasing issues, 
but it seems like you're running pretty far ahead of what your original plan was for the first half? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yeah, a couple of things I would suggest, Brian, is that some of the kind of, we started 
the off and we go back to the old big Kraft in North America, we kind of had a 48%, 52% split, first half, second half. 
As we get further in, we're still learning about the nature of our markets and so forth, as we pull out the biscuit piece of 
it, but we become much more of a Easter driven seasonality than we've been historically with biscuits of a Christmas 
distortion on there. So our balance is probably a little bit more mid 50s% first half, mid 40s% second half, as we think 
about it on an on-going basis. And I think that's probably reflected, if you go back into the carve out statements for 
2012 and even what you might carve out for 2011. So think about it a little bit that way. 

As I pointed out, our first half we saw very strong productivity come through. We drove the cost savings on the 
overhead line and we just didn't -- employing our disciplined approach to not investing until we're ready. So we had a 
more favorable first half. As we go into the second half and I really you really can't go into the specifics of how much 
we're going to spend, but directionally you're right. I mean there is a $25 million higher restructuring cost that we're 
going to incur this year. And then we will be more heavying up on some of the advertising to drive our improvement 
going forward. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: All right. That's very helpful. Thanks, Tim. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. Your question please. 

<Q - John J. Baumgartner>: Good afternoon. Tony, looking at the Cold Cuts business, you've got – the Sliced Lunch 
Meat category volumes are weak. Oscar Mayer's lost share there for about five quarters now, seven quarters in hot 
dogs. In light of that, can you just walk through the drivers of the overall lunch meat category weakness and then for 
Oscar Mayer specifically, what needs to be done there to stabilize that business? Is it better innovation, is it more 
targeted price points, just how you think about that business going forward? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, good question. Cold cuts remains a pitched battle and the category honestly is 
soft. The better Deli Fresh segment, you're seeing some consumers trading down to good, and some consumers are 
trading back to the deli counter as deli suppliers are bringing product news and new flavors and aggressively sampling 


after a few years of decline. 

You know, it's interesting. If you look back several years, we, the Hillshire's and the Oscar's and the others stole share 
from the deli counter for years, and the balance of share went 4, 5 points the other way. They are now coming back 
with some great innovations dealing some of it back. I do think we know a lot about this consumer, and frankly they 
buy both products, deli and the processed. We see our trends improving, in fact, I've got to give credit to my Oscar 
Mayer team. You know, for five years, they grew Cold Cuts' share until the middle of last year, five years, and they lost 
14% in consumption in fourth quarter versus year ago, on the strength of a very good launch from a formidable foe. We 
cut that in half in first quarter and we cut that decline in half again in second quarter. So we see trends improving. 
You're going to see us respond to the possibilities of this deli plus process consumer looking for innovation and I feel 
very good about what Oscar's got coming. 

I think on hot dogs, by the way, just cover hot dogs quickly. I think the share results are a little better than what you 
laid out, but we got a lot of good hot dog offerings with our Select line and with the full test Oscar line. So, I feel good 
we're going to compete and now that barbeque season is upon us and things are going our way in terms of barbeque 
occasions. I think we've got some nice momentum. 

<Q - John J. Baumgartner>: Great. Thanks Tony. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yep. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar from Barclays. Your question please. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Good evening, everyone. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: How are you doing, Andrew? 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Good. Tony, you mentioned in the slides that Kraft underperformed the marketplace on organic 
sales by about 1.3% through the first half. If you had to estimate even roughly what portion of that was due to the 
company proactively pulling back on promotions that you deemed had a poor payback versus where you just got sort of 
out gamed in terms of innovation or what have you, how do you think that would look? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, it's a good question and you know what, I don't have a good estimate for you, 
how to break it out. I would tell you this, I mean we didn't have Planter's on the air, we didn't have Jell-O on the air, we 
weren't supporting our enhancers and salad dressing business until we have the four Ms line up. So I tend to feel that all 
of this is in our control and until we grow our categories above food and beverage peers, we will not be satisfied, until 
we consistently grow our volume, which we owe our customers, we won't be satisfied. 

So If I have given you the short answer, I think this is all in our control, and we can turn this around as we get 15 out of 
the 60 brands that are spending in share of voice, share of market, up to a number that's significantly more than that. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: And then how do you balance the share loss with the profitability metric? It's often said that it 
can cost twice as much to gain share back versus if you'd paid up upfront keep it in the first place. So I guess how much 
of the share loss is Kraft, for a lack of a better term, okay with losing? I mean I don't think you like losing share, it's not 
really ever okay. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. I'm going to say this, I feel pretty good about our share trends. In fact if you 
look at the last 13 weeks and the trends on the year-to-date, we're growing in more than half of our categories for the 
first time in a long time. It's all about the categories, Andrew, we've got to grow these categories, we are the category. 
We have to grow volume in them and, when you see what we do in Cheese and Meals and Lunchables, I believe that 
playbook can work in our other big categories. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Thanks very much. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. Your question please. 

<Q - Ken B. Goldman>: Hi, thanks for the question. One for Tony and one for Tim. Tony as you plan to spend more 
on advertising in the back half, how should we think about which segments might get the lion's share of that spending? 
And then, Tim, as you boost your guidance for the impact of restructuring this year, are you also lowering your 
guidance for that impact of restructuring for 2014? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Okay, I'll take the first one Ken and I'll give Tim the tougher one. I mentioned 
several areas where we're focusing. You're going to see Mr. Peanut going to town, You're going to see Jell-O come in 
with its first big campaign in many, many years. We've got the salad dressing and mayonnaise wars with better good, 
better, best pricing and better advertising. So I think you will see focus there as the year goes on. Those categories are 
billion dollar categories for Kraft, and those would be four I would call out, I mean there are more, but those are four 
that you're going to see us working hard to execute the playbook against. 

<Q - Ken B. Goldman>: And then before Tim jumps in, does that imply perhaps a little bit of a lighter margin for 
grocery in the back half of the year? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I don't think so. I mean, I think, we, I always talk about the wind at our back of this 
productivity where we've got in our pocket as it improves and I'm not going to, we're not going to be slaves to that 
margin percent. as your friend [ph] Christian Québec (35:28) always tells you, it's about money we take to the bank. 
But as we grow those businesses, I think those are pretty nice profitable brands. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: So, I'll respond to your second question, Ken. So we said that, we're getting, we're going 
to complete the existing outstanding of $650 million program a bit earlier than we anticipated, so the spending, we had 
expected to drill in a little bit into 2014. But, we're going to accelerate and get it done in 2013. 

We have identified in the past that on a ongoing basis embedded within our results, we would expect to see $125 
million, but that's included in the algorithm that we talked about earlier. So whatever additional restructuring that may, 
there may be a little bit of carry over, but I would expect it largely to be embedded within the $125 million. So the base 
algorithm, we've talked about should work. And as Bryan asked earlier, I mean, if you adjust the base to strip out the, 
kind of the one-time mark-to-market and also the restructuring pieces, you would get a good foundation on which to 
apply our growth algorithm. 

<Q - Ken B. Goldman>: Great, thanks very much. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Sure. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your question please. 

<Q - Jason M. English>: Hey guys, thanks for the question. I'm looking forward to seeing Mr. Peanut back in -- on the 
big stage. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Let it go, Jason. 

<Q - Jason M. English>: I wanted to focus one question on the cash flow. So I guess this is directed to Tim. A few 
questions, and I'll just throw them together and you can address them as you see fit. First, you mentioned CapEx 
efficiency. Can you update us on what you're expecting for CapEx for the full year, at least the CapEx rise for the 
CapEx line. The -- what is the cash portion of the higher restructuring charge? And then also working capital. To get to 
your cash from operations guidance it suggests pretty heroic inflows on working capital. Can you give us more detail 
on the initiatives you're driving to free up all that cash? 


<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Sure. The first thing is restructuring tends to be about, you know 50% of what we're 
expensing is, tends to be cash, the other tends to be, balance sheet, write-offs, et cetera. Our full year expectation for 
this year, including a component of that going into restructuring is about $650 million. That obviously goes down as we 
finish the restructuring program to a kind of 2.5% or so level. And the third question was? 

<Q - Jason M. English>: Well working capital, if you could give us some details on that? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yeah, I mean a couple of things. We worked very hard, I'm always happy to talk about 
working capital and cash flows. So and I'm particularly pleased to say that, a lot of the cash and working capital 
particularly is coming from our inventories. I always consider coming out of receivables, I'd rather, as I say, have it in 
my pocket than my customers', but on the flip side, it tends to become a zero-sum game. 

When we talk about inventory, streamlining, getting better at forecasting, bringing SKU rationalization, getting better 
at the forecasting side of it, it all helps us continue to service, keep our service levels high and still bring our inventory 
levels down. And that's I would say where the majority of our benefit has come year to date and I still think that we 
have plenty to go as we look forward. 

We are coming up to the back-to-school and I expect that I'm going to be talking a fair amount, Bob Gorski, our Vice 
President of Operations is going to be there and share a lot of the productivity in operations improvements that we have 
in the pipeline and that we've accomplished, and we'll be talking a lot more about some of our, how that relates to our 
working capital on our cash flow initiatives as well. 

<Q - Jason M. English>: Sounds good, I'll stay tuned. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Right. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney from Janney. Your question please. 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: Good afternoon, thanks. Tony, you mentioned promotional activity specifically in 
dressing, but I think, across the board, a lot of food companies are talking about promotional activity among 
competitors maybe driving a little bit worse than expected volume. I wonder how, is it possible that lower price points 
are kind of what are needed to drive volume in some of these categories? And if not, which I assume that as a category 
leader everything you said obviously the best case is it's not what needs to happen, what analytics do you have that 
suggest that's the case, that you're at the right price point and really what's needed is innovation, et cetera. The good 
things that you're doing to drive these categories. Thanks. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I do think the temptation is to reinstate promo to boost sales, we're not going to do 
it. We'll remain focused on profitable, sustainable growth. You may see us use some promotions to adjust a price point, 
a commodity costs, for instance Philly, but we'll do with an eye towards profitability and brand health, and I think the 
cheese franchise is a great example of when it works, man it works, and who would have thought that a couple of years 
ago in cheese. We're confident we can provide value at every rung in the pricing ladder, and we do think uniquely our 
net productivity and cost savings is an enabler and gives us the flexibility we need, when we do encounter some 
irrational behavior. But I'm not going to make the mistake I made on last quarter's call and lead you to believe that I'm 
going to participate in big price wars. 

<Q>: Because why not? 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: I guess just as a follow-up Tony, where you have participated -- you're not participated in 
price for it, but where you have in a targeted way sort of adjusted a price point. I mean has that driven volume – is that 
that response like above average or below average for your experience in the industry? Like how price sensitive is that 
consumer out there? 


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, I mean I think -- Jonathan, I think it's category dependent. I do think the 
whole bundle is what matters, and I do think that the reason we continue to talk about good-better-best pricing, it's how 
you deliver the whole bundle including innovation and advertising. So yeah, of course I'm going to sell more Philly at 
holidays with a lower price point when commodities are in my favor, but I -- we lead that category with a 65% market 
share and I think we're doing that in a profitable way when we meet those calls. We've got very good analytics to help 
us make that decision. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: We don't want to let the price value proposition get out of alignment. But on the flip 
side, we believe that we are very capable and much better served to focus on delivering more value rather than 
dropping the price. So that's where innovation.. 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: Understood. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: and Good-Better-Best comes in, et cetera. 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: Understood, makes sense. Thank you very much. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Your question please. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Can you hear me? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: We can hear you. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: You know, Tony you always said that you don't want to invest until you get the right cost 
structure right. I know six months ago, you weren't there on the Planter's. So the question is what did you do differently 
on the Planter's to get the cost structure right and what other businesses are on the cusp of getting to the right cost 
algorithm that you can invest back into? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. Great question. Keep in mind, I hope what I've said is that we don't invest 
until margins, materiality, momentum, and message are aligned. So it's not just cost. In fact, that's just one of the 
pieces. But I will tell you, and I bless my lucky stars, right place, right time, we've got Lean Six Sigma, integrated 
business management, end-to-end cost efforts, cash is king, overheads reduced by 30% plus in the last two years, we 
have very good favorability generally across all of our businesses, on the cost side, margin side; not talking margin 
percentage. So it comes down to message and materiality and momentum when you see the cost side doing well. And 
frankly Planters. I mean, I think you guys have called this right in your models, the costs have improved significantly. 
We were waiting for Mr. Peanut's message to be right, and it is. And so we're going after it and it's really the stars align 
when the four Ms are aligned. Did that answer it Ken? 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: It did. And then what are the -- because Jell-O seem it is a -- if my sense, you probably got 
that fixed, to the right alignment, what are the other businesses that are on the cusp of getting to the right level that you 
can start advertising behind and moving more aggressively on the top line on? I sense it's probably at least three to five 
other businesses, that are still kind of, levers have not been pulled on advertising new products yet. So which ones do 
you think are on the cusp? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I mean, you can go down our list of $500 million plus brands and figure out the ones 
that have been milked for years. I'm not going to get into specifics other than what I told you. And obviously Planter's, 
Jell-O, I called out salad dressing and enhancers as something we got to fix. So both of these are ones that I would have 
been public about with you and the trade. I probably won't go beyond that for competitive reasons. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Great. I appreciate it, thanks. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your question please. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Hi, thank you. I wanted to know, Tony, as I looked through the write up and I saw positive 
mix highlighted for Beverages and I think, Cheese, but not so for Refrigerated Meals and Grocery. And my thinking on 
Kraft is that this is that one of the things that's changing for the better, is that you're emphasizing products that have 
better mix profile and better margin profile, because honestly, that's how we have good business momentum. Just want 
to know in Refrigerated Meals like wouldn't Lunchables' strength be positive to your mix in refrigerated? And then in 
grocery, maybe the opposite is true with Planter's getting the growth and spoonables and pourables not? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, good question, Rob. For us you're right. And I think your assumption is right 
and the model assumption is right. Year-to-date vol mix is up and volume is up and second quarter was down, but 
year-to-date it's positive, and by the way, I think that's somewhat unique in our business, but something we all have to 
achieve for our customers in our business in the long-term, growing volume is critical in improving vol mix. Now it's 
not up at the levels that I'm going to need to deliver growth faster than my markets and key competitors, but it is 
positive trend up versus other years. 

And in the two businesses you cite, Lunchables is definitely a positive vol mix story, Oscar in total, I think for the first 
half of the year is plus or minus, but some of it has to do with just this Deli business is so big, that Deli business is $2 
billion of our Oscar franchise and it was down because of the issues we've talked about. I think you're going to see that 
improve as we go forward with the battle plan. I think you also mentioned Grocery. There was a lot of Grocery benefit 
to Easter. So you pull forward stuff in the first quarter and we gave back some of that volume gain in second quarter. In 
general, I think Grocery had a slightly positive vol/mix in the first half. 

So I wouldn't get too hung up on 13 weeks. But I would tell you our long-term goal is to do exactly what you're 
describing. And I hope you'll hold me to it, because that's what I hold my teams to. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Okay. And just a quick follow-up for Tim. Looking at the SG&A in the quarter on an 
adjusted basis $789 million, I mean's that's up like $150 million from SG&A in first quarter and I'm trying to model out 
SG&A, like how much of that step-up is these -- the new cost structure being a part for [indiscernible] (48:40) and how 
much of it is just a seasonal increase from first to second. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yeah. I don't think there's a lot of seasonal increase, there is, I mean how I think about it 
is the stand-alone, what we call dissynergies is somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 million a year. And that 
reflected-- pretty much reflected in the first quarter as it was in the second quarter. So there really wasn't an impact on 
that. There really isn't much if any seasonal impact. The biggest piece you see embedded within there is advertising 
was up appreciably from last year and up appreciably from the first quarter. So that's most if not all, and maybe even 
more than all of the quarter-on-quarter impact you're seeing. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: That's an enormous increase in advertising, if that's really what the driver is and I know 
you're saying you're a little disappointed in the sales in the quarter, Tony, but how disappointed are you, like 2%, 3% 
like how disappointing was it? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Well, first, I mean, I would say that you don't look to advertising to deliver a return 
in a quarter. I've never seen it, frankly. And these are very responsive brands. But I'm going to tell you, until we grow 
as we told you our objective consistently, our categories above our food and beverage peers, we won't be satisfied until 
we grow our volumes above our food and beverage peers and deliver to our customers volume growth, we won't be 
satisfied. I do think investing in advertising is the best thing Kraft can do in the long term. Keep in mind it's still $0.60 
on the dollar versus the competitors we've targeted as the benchmark, right. So, double digit add growth is what we're 
going to need to get that thing going in the long term and to deliver against a share-of-spend, share-of-market goal that 
we have for our key categories. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: I think just one thing I'd add there is, when you look at it on a year-over-year basis just 
simply in the second quarter, I mean advertising was up double-digits in Q2, but that was versus a relatively lower level 


of support the prior year. And as Tony said, we plan to make progress on the share of voice versus share of market this 
year, and frankly that's what it's going to take. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel, your question please. 

<Q - Chris Growe>: Good evening. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Hi, Chris. 

<Q - Chris Growe>: Hi, just -- can I follow up on that question that Rob asked in relation to advertising being up, it 
certainly SG&A was up. Certainly if you look, excluding charges up quite a bit year-over-year. And there's also a 
comment, very early on in the press release about brand investments being held back by our return discipline. So I want 
to try and foot those two comments, I see the advertising is up because SG&A is up so much, but what did that 
comment refer to in relation to brand investments? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Well, it refers to the discipline. Well, first, I mean let's face it; we're over-delivering 
in some other key measures, right? And could we have spent more? And what I have wanted to? Chris, of course, I 
would, but I didn't have specifically the Jell-O advertising ready, I do now; you are going to see it pretty quick. And I 
didn't have Planter's done. Now you will. So some of it is holding back until we get the test results and we're convinced 
that it's going to work on our four Ms. Now that said, we grew advertising at low double digits. I think we're one of the 
few people in our business continuing to grow advertising at double digits, but remember look where we started. We're 
still $0.60 on the dollar versus competitors. 

<Q - Chris Growe>: Yeah. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: So 


<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: You're seeing significant growth, but we still have a long ways to go. 

<Q - Chris Growe>: Okay. And so you expect an increase in advertising in the second half of the year, given your first 
half over delivery and some of these programs being ready. So, it sounds like your full-year run rate of advertising 
would run even ahead of the first half level of advertising, because I think it was up double digits in Q1 as well. Is that 
correct? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Well, Chris. If you look at the -- what you're talking about is really is a matter of 
what we're doing this year, but it's also a matter of what happened last year, and last year is our step up in advertising 
really happened in the second half. So if you think about percentage increases and whatnot, it may not be as strong in 
the second half of this year versus what you saw in the first half this year. But that's really more a matter of 
comparisons as opposed to what the flow is this year. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: And dollar is actually stepped up in the back half but percentage growth from the prior 
year will actually will be lower. 

<Q - Chris Growe>: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks for your time. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Thanks, Chris. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein. Your question please. 


<Q - Alexia Jane Howard>: Hi, everyone. Can I ask about cash flow? I think you mentioned that CapEx, may be a 
part of the reason for the cash flow coming through more strongly than expected. Is that reduction in CapEx a one-time 
thing for this year? Or is that likely to be a structural change that will go forward? And can you give us an updated 
CapEx number for the year? And then, linked to that, what are you planning to do with the extra cash as it comes 
through? Would that be used for share repurchases or other items? Thank you. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yeah. So we had anticipated $650 million or thereabouts including a step up for some 
of the restructuring spend that we're spending this year. Again that will go down in subsequent years. 

I would say we're being more disciplined on projects, I mean you know we are accommodating the growth where there 
is necessary, we're accommodating where we have productivity and efficiency improvements and it requires CapEx, 
we're maintaining our facilities, et cetera. We're just doing it a bit smarter and getting more out of the dollars we're 
spending. So, I expect maybe it will come into the year a little bit better than that, but we're not materially changing our 
guidance at this point. I think there is a -- I take that back, embedded within the step up, stepped up extra $200 million 
worth of cash flow in our updated forecast, I think there is $50 million worth of improvement in lower CapEx 
spending. 

And when it comes to what are we doing with it, I mean, we need to maintain a strong healthy balance sheet. In other 
agencies you may have noted that S&P has removed the negative outlook from our rating. But I would still say that our 
metrics are not quite what the agencies would look for to be fully reflective of our ratings. We've said before we'll stand 
behind what we've said is, we will stack rank investment opportunities, whether it be investing back in our business, 
whether it be looking at acquisitions, whether it be looking at share repurchase or increased dividends, I mean those are 
all good uses of cash, but we'll stack rank those opportunities and work down the list with the highest risk adjusted 
return as the primary consideration. 

<Q - Alexia Jane Howard>: Great, thank you very much. I'll pass it on. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from line of David Driscoll from Citi Research. Your question please. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: First up, I want to say that your costs are the most entertaining calls that we get. Tony, you 
did a nice job in really demonstrating everything that's good about brands in how you present to us. Wanted to simply 
say that, when I look at the first two quarters in the $0.22 beat, the first thing that strikes me and I think it does a lot of 
clients, is that it feels like the earnings should be like $2.90 to $3. But, I think in the answer to Growe's question and 
Spillane's question, I think what you guys are seeing is that when I want to try it this way, advertising as a percentage 
of sales in the first half, it had to go up a lot but it's still just not where it needs to be, and the reason why the guidance 
doesn't go up to like $3, given this first half beat is because you really do need a very sizable step up as a percentage of 
sales. Tony, am I hearing you right on this and is that how the algorithm works on the year? 

<A - Christopher M. Jakubik>: Yeah, let me just -


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: David, let me first thank you for the compliment. I think you're buttering us up 
because your question's one that Chris Jakubik won't let me give you a target. But I'll still take the compliment. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: So, I want to remind everybody that we're building this company for the long-term and 
to get to sustainable top tier returns over that long-term. We're on track -- we're very focused on delivering our 
guidance for the year, we're very focused on setting up the for the growth algorithm, so that we can sustainably 
continue to grow our earnings and our top line. We need to continue to invest back in our brands to make sure we have 
innovation, make sure that they're getting adequate brand support. And I will remind you, I mean this year was a little 
bit unusual. I mean -- I'm always very pleased to see the cost savings come in because they're usually the toughest ones 
to go at. And we had very good productivity from our operations manufacturing folks and Bob Gorski's going to tell 
you a lot more about that at Back-to-School. We did a good job of managing our overheads as we talked about earlier, 
and some of those savings just got ahead of our ability to effectively invest back into the brands. 


But, as we get to the back half, yeah, we need to get to a level that is consistent with the share of voice – share of 
market kind of rate and we need to kind of get the benchmark industry against the, vis-a-vis, our competitors, to make 
sure that where we have good healthy brands and so yeah, you'll see that stepped up in the back half the year to kind of 
flesh out the algorithm. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: And fundamentally that's what makes the guidance not go to a $3 number because this is a 
discretionary issue on advertising spend, correct? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Well, one thing I'd add, because I think Tim said it well, but I think anyone looking 
for EPS greater than our guidance will find that our forecast accuracy is better on a full year basis than it's been on 
quarterly pacing, right. You combine that with the fact, David, this is why I always talk about people. We need great 
marketers to generate great advertising, so that Tim McLevish sitting in the ROI meetings with me says that test results 
and that ad deserves to get your investment, and that affects pacing in a big way. I mean I should have had Planter's six 
months ago. I'm thrilled I got it now. I should have had Jell-O a year ago, but it takes time to develop great advertising. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: Really nice answers. Thank you, I'll pass it along. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Good evening, Eric. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Hello. Let me ask first, Tim on inflation or deflation as the case may be, you didn't -- I don't 
think you talked about that. Can you say how that affected the second quarter, and then what you're thinking about for 
the second half? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yeah, I'll remind you Eric, we're very focused, particularly our, the categories in which 
they tend to be much more dependent upon single commodities. I'm focusing on what we call pricing net of cost. And I 
think we did a pretty effective job in the first half of the second quarter on managing on PNOC. Actually, I think first 
half, we were a little bit underwater, but you don't get that phasing in pacing just precise, but we're a little bit 
underwater there. I mean, what we saw and I'm not going to forecast the future, we're much better as a said in managing 
the impact of our volume costs than we are on forecasting them. 

But you saw in the second quarter, you saw a lot of the meat prices go up, and that's kind of the residual effect from 
some of the grain runs up in late last year, you saw Barrel Cheese going up a little bit, you saw some of the Grains, the 
Wheats, and Flours go up, you saw Coffee come down. 

And in Nuts generally we're on a down trend, and energy was a bit mixed, natural gas on its way down and diesel on its 
way up. So that's what we saw in the second quarter, but I think the most important thing is, with the exception of a, 
perhaps being modestly underwater for the quarter. I think we did a pretty good job of managing the pricing net of cost. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. I realize it's maybe a little premature, but in terms of just listening to your responses to 
those people who are, including the restructuring charges, you have a 6% to 7% tailwind on the way you're presenting 
the business for next year, just on the drop in restructuring, and you're talking about if your productivity programs stay 
as strong as you expect them to you, you basically, it sounds like you just again to make your targets and your growth 
objectives, you have a, basically a lot of flexibility to spend all that productivity back into advertising and then some. Is 
that a fair way to characterize how you see 2014 shaping up on the EBIT levers? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yeah, I would go back to our the basic -- seasonal growth algorithm. Again, you're 
right, we would expect that yeah, there's some tailwind by the step down in restructuring from 2013 to 2014, we've kind 
of indicated that we would expect that in a reduction to be baked into the base from which we would expect our in a 


mid to high single-digit EPS growth. And that growth is reflective of growing kind of that, at our categories, generating 
margin dollars with our PNOC discipline and yeah, continuing our journey to get to fully support our brands with kind 
of a share of market, share of voice, kind of a benchmark advertising level which we're still sitting at $0.60 or $0.70 on 
the dollar. So, we have a ways to go back there. And so, yes, I mean to the extent we get the four or five Ms aligned, 
we would expect that we would continue. We think that's probably the highest and best use of our available cash and 
earnings is to reinvest back in our brands. 

So we would expect to bring it in along those lines consistent with all that algorithm and what we do generate in 
addition, we would look to be investing back. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: I'll pass on. Thanks. 

<A - Christopher M. Jakubik>: Great. We can take one more question. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA, your question please. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Thanks for the question. I think it's actually been answered with your commentary to Eric 
there on adjusting year-on-year change in restructuring, I have it at around $0.22, does that sound about right? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Well, Diane, we're looking at it. We just updated the spending on restructuring in 
2013 to be at [indiscernible] (64:27) and we've said that ongoing we expect to spend about $125 million on cost savings 
initiatives, that certainly still holds. So, we've said before that we expect to deliver against our long-term growth 
algorithm after 2013, that's still the case. And we'll also have the benefit of the lower spending on cost saving initiatives 
in 2014, but. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Okay. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: No other exceptional factors that we noted at this time. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: The $200 million delta on restructuring year-on-year though would result in 
approximately $0.22, you're about right Diane. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Yeah. Okay. I just wanted that to clarify, thank you. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Sure. 

Christopher M. Jakubik 

Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining us for our second quarter call. For those of you with follow-up questions, myself 
and Doug DuMars will be available for any follow-up questions. And for anybody in the media, that has any questions, 
please feel free to call Basil Maglaris in our IR department. So, thanks very much again for joining us, and we'll speak 
to you soon. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 


have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


