Q1 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Chris Jakubik 
• William Anthony Vernon 
• Timothy R. McLevish 
Other Participants 

• Alexia Jane Howard 
• Bryan Spillane 
• Christopher R. Growe 
• Andrew Lazar 
• David S. Palmer 
• David C. Driscoll 
• Kenneth B. Zaslow 
• Robert Moskow 
• Eric R. Katzman 
• Diane Geissler 
• Jason English 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kraft Foods Group, Inc. Reports First Quarter Results Conference 
Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and 
instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's program Chris Jakubik, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please 
go ahead. 

Chris Jakubik 

Thank you. And good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for joining us. With me are Tony Vernon, our CEO, and Tim 
McLevish, our CFO. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we 
see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. These are discussed in our press release and 
Form 10-K. 

We'll also be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and find the GAAP to non-GAAP 
reconciliations within our press release and in the IR Section of kraftfoodsgroup.com. 

With that all the way, I'd like to start today's discussion with a few words on productivity. As you can see in our results, 
we're making good progress in this area. But we need to carry this to everything we do as a company. So, consistent 
with our focus on productivity, we've set a goal to complete today's quarterly business update in robust in an hour. We 
believe our first quarter results is straightforward enough to achieve that goal, and we hope you will appreciate the 
effort. 


So, without further delay, I'll turn it over to Tony and Tim to discuss the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 
the year. 

William Anthony Vernon 

Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon, everybody. The last time we provided you with a financial update, this past 
February, our results reflected a significant number of post spin initiatives that we've undertaken to lay the foundation 
for our remade Kraft. In many ways, today's results are the first to reflect business as usual at Kraft, even through we're 
operating as business unusual, given the many changes we're making to create the best North American food and 
beverage company. 

So, how we do? On the top line, we drove profitable growth and continue to see the benefits of improved franchise help 
in a large part of our portfolio. Revenue grew 2.1% from a solid 2.4% gain in volume and product mix, despite a 70 
basis point impact on product line pruning. 

Now, while Easter timing added between one-half and a point of growth in large part, Q1 growth was driven by 
successful new product innovations. Innovations such as Velveeta Cheesy Skillets, up more than 30% over last year 
and that's coming up strong double-digit growth throughout 2012; Lunchables also continuing the strong growth trend, 
up in the mid-single digits, driven by smoothie innovation and increased advertising investment. 

In coffee, newly launched Maxwell House and Gevalia cups compatible with the Keurig system are helping us to 
expand our presence in the on-demand segments. All of our new coffee SKUs are showing good velocities and 
distributions in line with our expectations, and we continue to grow strongly in the category that we created liquid 
water enhancers. We introduced MiO Fit earlier this year, and we're not following it with our newest entries under our 
Crystal Light and Kool-Aid brands. 

We're also proving that when we executed our good-better-best strategy, it works beautifully. One shining example is 
sandwich cheese. To date, Velveeta has been an untapped gem in our portfolio. It's always been a valve in the dairy 
case and a nice flanker to our other offerings. But from a product formulation improvements, new flavors, updated 
packaging and increased distribution, Velveeta has strengthened its relevance and expanded its role into the cheese 
slices category. And as to good-better-best, Velveeta Slices are priced at $1.99, complementing Kraft Singles at $2.99 
and Deli Deluxe at $3.99. 

So, in the first quarter, the good work done with Velveeta Slices helped us deliver a profitable 2 point share gain in this 
category. Across the total Kraft portfolio, our market share performance is improving, but we're still not where we want 
to be. In the first quarter, we outpaced the industry on a unit basis, but not it is many categories as I know we're capable 
off, also our dollar growth lagged the industry in the first quarter. 

Now, as you may recall, we priced awkward commodity cost earlier than most of the industry last year. And this is 
negatively impacted comparisons versus the industry this year. Nonetheless, we expect to do better on both the dollar 
and unit basis versus the industry as this year progresses. The growth we delivered in the quarter was driven by 
innovation, stepped up advertising and investments in our big bet franchises. 

A&C was up mid-teens for these brands, and collectively, they grew revenue in the mid-single digits in the first quarter. 
But there is more work to do, more brands to revitalize with the right levels of investment. And I'll talk about where we 
go from here in a moment. In sum, we had solid revenue growth in the first quarter, and similar to the end of last year, 
we feel good about the fact that our retail inventories were in line with historic norms as we closed out the quarter. 

Now, Tim, why don't you talk about operating income? 

Timothy R. McLevish 


Sure, Tony. In the first quarter, we continued to see strong productivity gains from our Lean Six Sigma efforts, and our 
overhead cost savings are coming through as we redesign our support functions at both the business units and corporate 
levels. As a result, we delivered 9% growth in operating income despite more than $60 million of higher restructuring 
program costs versus the first quarter last year. 

At the same time, I don't want you think that we are off to the races in terms of underlying profit and earnings growth. 
As we've said before, our path to becoming the best North American food and beverage company is a marathon, not a 
sprint, or more specifically, we are pacing for a two-hour marathon versus a four-minute mile. The fact is, while we 
delivered outstanding cost savings and productivity in the quarter, these savings ran ahead of our brand-building 
efforts. And remember, our goal is to build this business for the long-term and deliver solid growth on both the top and 
bottom lines across our portfolio each year. 

William Anthony Vernon 

Right, Tim. And to that end, while we're making progress on many fronts, there is more progress to be made. In the 
months ahead, you will see us spend back a greater portion of our cost savings on brand-building than was the case in 
the first quarter. This will be done on two fronts. First, we'll revitalize and contemporize more of our iconic brands. At 
the end of January, we created the position of Chief Marketing Officer in order to leverage deep experience on the 
frontlines of brand marketing across our entire organization and help to make our brands shine in new and powerful 
ways. A great example of the revitalization effort is Kool-Aid, a true icon in food and beverage. 

Retail consumption of Kool-Aid Jammers was up 30% in the first quarter, providing an important value run in the 
good-better-best ladder for ready-to-drink beverages. And with the introduction of new Kool-Aid liquid water 
enhancers, the brand is expanding beverage platforms yet again. And with the launch of a new look and voice for the 
Kool-Aid Man just last month, our full marketing playbook for Kool-Aid is now in action. We aim to take a brand that 
was under $400 million just over a year ago and make it our newest $0.5 brand this year. 

One of our other iconic gem is Grey Poupon. In the first quarter, it saw its first big dose of advertising in more than 15 
years and it's coming back behind the program with very attractive returns on investment. And in the coming months, 
you will see more reinvestment and the commitment to revitalize brands like Jell-O and Planters. 

In fact, in the first half alone, we're launching 10 new brand advertising campaigns across our portfolio. And in the 
presentation, we've provided a link on this slide, so you can see through yourself all of the good work that our 
marketers and their agencies are producing. At the same time, where we've achieved success, we will defend it and 
build upon it, which is the secondary of our reinvestment. Waking up sleeping giants attracts attention, and others want 
a piece of their success. 

Here I'm talking about products like Kraft Macaroni & Cheese, Kraft salad dressing, Oscar Mayer cold cuts, Miracle 
Whip and Kraft Mayonnaise where we seen new aggressive competitive entries. We will be investing to both defend 
and grow these franchises with every page in our playbook that are marketing, innovation and good-better-best 
differentiation versus the competition. In select instances, defending our success, they also mean getting sharper on 
price points to show that we will not tolerate incursions into our market share or irrational behavior that would disrupt 
the long-term health of our categories. Fortunately, in those instances, we are still at a point in our productivity curve 
that will allow us to take action without having to take a step back in terms of profit growth. 

Now, back to Tim. 

Timothy R. McLevish 

That's a good segue to our productivity and overhead cost management initiatives. While we're pleased with our 
progress to-date, we still have room to go to get the lowest cost producer status and world-class overhead efficiency. 
Our plans in supply chain are still making strives on Lean Sig Sigma. In manufacturing, substantially, all of our key 


manufacturing lines are now at Three Sigma, but only 15% have achieved Four Sigma certification. 

In other parts of our supply chain, we're still at the early stages of tapping Lean Six Sigma principles and implementing 
integrated business planning. And in overheads, we're still chasing best-in-class and our target is defeated by leveraging 
our meaningful scale advantage versus our peers. 

William Anthony Vernon 

But I would add that none of this, the brand building, the procurement savings, the overhead cost reductions, will be 
possible if we don't move quickly to make our people our competitive advantage. We absolutely believe that combining 
our leading brands with a winning culture, world-class recruiting and training, and a deep commitment to our 
communities can create for all of our employees a mission bigger than themselves and real competitive advantage for 
Kraft. 

To that end, we are taking some big steps. The best brand portfolio in our industry with 10 brands over $500 million 
and 29 over $100 million in sales deserves the best marketers. So we've revamped and retargeted campus recruiting to 
bring top talents into our organization, and we are thrilled to be bringing in our largest recruiting class in recent history. 

In addition, earlier this week, we officially launched our Kraft University and we'll be building course requirements as 
part of our carrier planning from all of our people. Like we said, we're making progress on many fronts, but there is 
more progress to be made and more opportunity to capture on all fronts. 

Timothy R. McLevish 

Now let's turn to the EPS bridge. We have significant earnings gains from operations with good performance at both 
the gross profit and operating income levels. Gross profit performance reflected volume growth, improved product mix 
and productivity savings. This was partially offset by pricing net of costs as our pricing fell modestly behind 
commodity cost changes in certain parts of our portfolio. 

At the SG&A line, overhead costs were down sharply. This reflected the many actions we're taking across the 
organization such as delayering our corporate sales function to lower our overall sales expense. It also included some 
modest benefit from the changes we've made in post employment accounting last year, and that more than offset cost to 
synergies resulting from the separation. 

Taken together, the progress made on volume/mix, productivity and overhead more than covered the accelerated 
restructuring cost and a solid A&C increase in the quarter. Below the line, as you would have anticipated, interest 
expense now reflects our capital structure as an independent company. Therefore, interest expense was $123 million, 
resulting in a $0.13 EPS impact in the quarter. 

Looking ahead to the full year, we're on track to deliver our 2013 guidance. We continue to expect to grow revenue in 
line with the North American food and beverage market. We'll do this despite an approximate 1% point impact from 
extraordinary product line pruning largely in our food service business. On the bottom line, we continue to expect to 
deliver approximately $2.75 of earnings per share for 2013, and this includes restructuring program costs in line with 
previous guidance, approximately $300 million for the year. 

I would point out that having incurred nearly $120 million in the first quarter, we expect to realize about two-thirds of 
the $300 million during the first half of the year. As part of the distribution of earnings across quarters goes, no doubt, 
you've already done the math to figure out that $0.76 of EPS in Q1 equates to about 27% or 28% of our full year $2.75 
guidance. So it's a reflected timing of the stepped-up investments in brand building Tony mentioned earlier. We're 
updating our estimate of earnings seasonality for 2013. 

We now expect the split of our earnings to be roughly 50/50 versus our previous expectation for a 48% first half, 52% 
second half split. In our other area of focus, cash, we're delighted to report positive free cash flow in Q1. For those of 


you who have followed Kraft for a while, you know that Q1 has typically been a quarter that resulted in net use of cash 
from operations. 

So what changed? We delivered strong earnings and also saw a meaningful improvement in our management of 
working capital. This reflects our efforts to institute sound working capital practices, practices more consistent with a 
cash-focused return-oriented business model. It resulted in better working capital efficiency than we experienced in the 
first quarter of last year. Going forward, we would expect Q1 free cash flow to be closer to neutral in future years. 

In summary, the focus on cash and our Cash is King messaging is taking hold across the organization, not just in 
working capital efficiency, but across all aspects of the business where decisions impact cash. And rest assured, we're 
working hard to deliver upside to our guidance of at least $1 billion of free cash flow in 2013 through more efficient 
use of working capital, capital expenditure discipline and better cash-focused decisions across the enterprise. 

William Anthony Vernon 

So, I'll close in the same way I started. We're off to a solid start to the year with strong cost savings momentum, as the 
wind at our back, but there's still more work to do, and I'm thrilled to say more reinvestment to make to fulfill our 
vision for long-term sustainable growth. 

We'd now like to answer your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein. Your 
question, please. 

<Q - Alexia Jane Howard>: Good afternoon, everyone. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Alexia. 

<Q - Alexia Jane Howard>: Okay. So, could I ask you a little bit about the marketing spending? Are you able to 
quantify how much that was down year-on-year this particular quarter and what the outlook is for the full year in terms 
of how you expect the full year to shape out? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Sure. It wasn't down in the quarter, Alexia. It was up double digits in terms of the 
A&C, which is our key measure. In terms of how much we'll invest going forward, I would tell you this isn't a precise 
science. You're not going see savings and reinvestment align perfectly every quarter. Our quarterly earnings pacing 
reflects the toggling of stepped up brand investments vis-à-vis the flow of the cost savings. It's important to us that we 
ensure we don't create disruption or cause inefficiency in either area by trying to manage quarterly earnings. And we 
make these investment decisions on margin, materiality, momentum, and frankly, message. If all those things are right, 
we'll invest. 

<Q - Alexia Jane Howard>: Great. And then maybe just one follow-up on the gross margin front. It looks as though 
the gross margins were up in the quarter. I'm curious about how you see that playing out going forward, and in 
particular, what the commodity cost situation looks like today and how that might look through the rest of the year? 
Thank you. And I'll pass it on after that. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Well, Alexia, we're very focused on better managing input costs than we are forecasting 
them. I think you have a pretty good sense for what's happening in the commodity world and those that impact us. But 
we're confident that with the continued strengthening of our brand and further investment that Tony talked about that 
we will be able to manage pricing to accommodate those to maintain or grow our margin – or gross margins. 


<Q - Alexia Jane Howard>: Okay, thank you very much. I'll pass it on. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your question, please. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Bryan. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Hi, Bryan. 

<A - Chris Jakubik>: Hi, Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: First question, just in terms of revenue growth in the quarter, it looked like volume/mix 
especially was a lot better than what we could see in the scanner data. So, could you talk a little bit about just maybe 
the difference between what you reported in the scanner data and maybe bridge that difference for us? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Sure. Our year-on-year volume/mix in Q1 was better than the recent scanner data 
would have suggested. This was probably due to comparisons as the trade was working down inventories of Capri Sun, 
coffee and cheese during the first quarter 2012, and related to some pricing activity occurring in the year-ago period. So 
I think you have to look to last year to help sort of explain it totally. But bottom line is we ended the quarter with retail 
inventories at normal levels for this time of year, and I think the unit share gains you see are probably the best indicator 
of what's happening on the brands, because we took pricing earlier, as I mentioned in the speech, last year than pretty 
much all of the industry. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: And then just as a follow-up to that, we begun to hear a little bit about maybe some concern 
across the industry that maybe there it starts to get a little bit of more price competitive as there's some more gross 
margin flexibility and even a little bit to that I guess in some of the category that you pointed out in the prepared marks. 
So, can you just comment on sort of where you see today kind of the state of the consumer and maybe just that 
competitive dynamic, maybe relative to what you were seeing when the year started? Do you think it's any better, 
worse or the same versus kind of what your outlook might have been back in February? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. I think if you listen to our customers, and for instance, most recently, the 
restaurant industry, it's not getting better. It might even be based on some of those comments getting worse for that 
lower end consumer on the barbell. We certainly see a consumer intensely focused on value for the money, and that's 
why we continue to see the need to innovate and ensure that our good-better-best offerings span as many categories as 
we have them. We're confident and we continue to be pretty confident the elasticities are reflecting our equity and 
innovation investment. And I point to the volume growth this quarter as a pretty good sign. Certainly we're in a 
marathon, not a sprint. But offering value at every rung on the price ladder is critical. And when we do it, we do quite 
well. 

<Q - Bryan Spillane>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Thank you, Bryan. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Growe from Stifel. Your question, please. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Hi, good evening. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Chris. 


<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Hi, Chris. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: I just hope I can apply your productivity program to write in my note tonight as well. 
So, I hope to get that done in a reasonable amount of time. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: [indiscernible] (24:15) 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Yes, sure. Right. Okay. So I just had two quick ones for you. The first one is just that 
there were two divisions in cheese and beverage where you cited a drag on profits from pricing net of cost declines. I 
was just curious if you could speak to those two divisions and what was going on within them and why pricing was 
down? It sound like at a faster rate than what the input cost was down. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yes. I'll take that one. The cheese pricing was down modestly, and we probably got 
caught with a little bit longer position going into the quarter. And as we saw cheese prices coming down, we were a bit 
unfavorable there. And by the way, this is a modest shortfall. It wasn't a huge one. And we – and in ordinary course, we 
do have a strong PNOC, what we call Pricing Net Of Cost discipline, but it will vary a little bit over the quarter. So a 
quarter is a little bit too discrete a period to read or draw any conclusions from. Within beverage, what you saw is 
coffee was pretty balanced, but we did invest a little bit in trade to support some new entrants to our position in the 
liquid enhancers business with our meal to invest a little bit in trade that caused a little bit imbalance there. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: The only thing I'd add, Chris, is Easter on cheese is a hugely promotional time. And 
so you're comparing to a year ago where Easter was later and you see a lot of [ph] high-low (25:46) customers really 
pushing, especially these great Kraft brands. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Okay. That's very helpful. And then I just had one other question for you in relation to 
the – really I guess for Tim, and there were some pension benefits, if you will, looking through this quarter and also 
you mentioned some cost synergy. Is that something that you could quantify or give us some sense of whether it's for 
the quarter or how they phase through the year? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yes. I'll give you a little sense for it, Chris. I mean, first of all, it was a – there is a 
number of impacts from pension. So you recall we made some pretty significant changes to how we account for 
changes – or for pension in the fourth quarter of last year. That actually was quite a small contribution that's probably a 
couple of pennies worth of benefit from the accounting change last year. That was more than offset by some of the 
pension costs and post employment costs that we assumed from Mondelez of already retirees, as we've talked to in the 
past. So that more than offset that piece of it. We did – as we have restructured the company and as we have reduced 
our overall head count, it has been an appreciable benefit from just the lower pension cost as a result of that. From a 
dis-synergy standpoint, we assumed $0.02 or $0.03 worth of dis-synergies just as we – now we're operating as a 
standalone company. So again, that more than offset the impact of the pension adjustments. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Okay. That was helpful. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: As we go forward, I would expect those pension cost to largely flow through. The cost 
savings will be a little bit imbalanced because of some fourth quarter kind of catch-up accounting in a mark-to-market 
basis, but for practical purposes, the pension accounting adjustment will flow through as will the additional cost 
associated with assuming the Mondelez pensionees. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: And 


<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: And the dis-synergies, I would expect to largely flow through each quarter. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Okay. Those should wind down, though, through the year, the cost of synergies or -? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Well, the cost savings will start coming through a little bit stronger, Chris. So, as we 
moved through – but I think there were some pension favorabilities in the fourth quarter of last year that once you get 
to the fourth quarter of this year, it will be a bit more of a headwind. So first three quarters, you should look largely like 
what you've seen in this quarter, but I think as you get into the fourth quarter, the comparisons will get a little bit 


tougher. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar form Barclays. Your question, please. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Hi, Andrew. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Andrew. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: On the first half, second half earnings guidance piece, I guess you are now expecting to deliver 
a higher percentage of EPS in the first half than before, but while absorbing fully two-thirds of the restructuring in the 
first half. So, is that just again partly conservatism or is it again based on just the plans around when and how you step 
up your marketing spend in the second half? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yes. I mean, we had a good solid first quarter, perhaps modestly better than we had 
anticipated; understand the second quarter will be a bit impeded by an earlier Easter this year that we benefit in the first 
quarter rather than the second quarter. And really it's a modest shift from the first quarter – I mean, from the first – 
from the second half to the first half, just a couple of percentage points both in the top-line and the bottom line 
expectation. And I think we will bounce that, because as we said that our cost savings was in productivity and overhead 
reduction, kind of got ahead of some of our spending on brand investment, but we will catch that up and better bounce 
it over the rest of the year. So we think that's pretty reflective of what we would expect to see first half to second half. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, Tony, picking up on your elasticity commentary, you guys 
obviously cover – picking up on your elasticity commentary, you guys cover a lot of categories that you span across in 
the aisles. And I guess, have you – part of the thesis right of the group as a whole is, as the group laps pricing, that was 
the biggest impact of volumes last year and volumes will start to come back. And that's been sort of very gradual at best 
I guess for the industry at this point. And are you at least in your categories staring to see that take place at sort of the 
rate that you would have expected, given how quickly you and others are starting to lap the pricing? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. It is 


<Q - Andrew Lazar>: It seems disappointing from an industry perspective, that's all. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. I can't comment on the other guys, but it's certainly is the key objective of big 
brand players and our customers to grow volume in those retail stores. And it's very much category-by-category, 
Andrew, what you basically said in your opening for us. It's always whether we're executing our playbook completely 
in those categories to drive volume at every rung on the price ladder. And certainly, the lowest rung on the ladder 
becomes critical when the consumer is crunched. Right now, I think I'm not taking a big bow for first quarter, maybe 
half a bow, because two points of volume growth is pretty positive, given what this industry has done over the last 
couple of years. But I don't think we're looking at this on a four or even 13-week basis. We are looking at this for the 
long-term, and our goal is to execute this playbook against a great portfolio brands to do exactly what you're talking 
about, drive volume in as many of our key categories as we can. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Palmer from UBS. Your question, please. 


<Q - David S. Palmer>: Hi, good evening. I have a question just about the cheese division for a minute. Going back to 
that, I would have thought that that quarter would have been a challenge lapping what was a big quarter a year ago, and 
get – going through the quarter, the input cost picture got less and less scary, perhaps a little bit more benign for 
margins for the industry. Could you kind of review what sort of quarter you thought that was for that division? Was that 
environment perhaps from a commodity standpoint more benign than what you would have originally thought for that 
quarter, I realized in one of your comments, you said you bought – pre-bought a lot of supply of [indiscernible] (32:29). 
I'm gathering you might have thought that prices would have ramped up harder? Thanks. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. I want to tell you that if I were to point to any division to say the Kraft model 
can work, it's cheese, because you'll recall years, David, where this was a albatross, in your guy's words, around Kraft's 
neck. And the truth is, you're looking at brands called Philly, Velveeta, Kraft Singles and Cracker Barrel. And while 
commodities are important, these are great brands whether they got commodities in them or not. We're talking about 
16% growth on Velveeta cheese. I mean, who would have thunk it, right, years ago? 

So, I would say this is a division that's executing the playbook beautifully. They're managing their commodities well. I 
don't think it was any more benign or worse than we thought, I think this is just now going on two-plus years a story of 
a business that's been revitalized against great brands that the consumer and customer can drive volume, talk about 
driving volume, and in the cheese business, frankly, from a volume standpoint, a sustained volume growth. So, the 
obvious question comes up is, how do we maintain the margins on something that's looking pretty good? Right? I 
would just say that margins quarter-to-quarter in this business can fluctuate quite a bit with input cost levels. We're in it 
for the long-term. We're focusing on profitable growth. And in this business, we've grown profit dollars, I think, in the 
five of the last eight quarters, if not more. I think there's more opportunity in this division as we take out cost and we 
innovate. 

<Q - David S. Palmer>: If I could just squeeze one more on just coffee, we just saw some fairly, not that impressive 
numbers from the CPG division of Starbucks, K-Cups don't seem to be doing the bold case scenario in lot of people's 
minds out there. I mean, what is your review of that segment, in particular? Single Serve, is that doing – how is that 
doing versus your expectations? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. I can't comment on Starbucks, of course. And the – I will tell you – I mean, it's 
too early to take this, Paul, but I'm going to tell you that we're holding our growing coffee shares in all three of our key 
segments right now. I haven't been able to say that since I got the Kraft. I'm talking, mainstream is holding and we're 
growing a little bit of share in K-Cups and in premium. Gevalia has turned out to be a real nice player is premium for 
us. 

So, overall for us, shares improving. I think the on-demand segment has a long way to go. It's got 12% or 14%, 
penetration. Canada has high-20s, Europe has high-30s, I think this is in the early innings of a great innovation game 
and we feel pretty good about our K-Cup compatible offerings in Maxwell House and Gevalia so far. And we look 
forward to offering Tassimo and our K-Cup compatibles to ride the growth in that category. 

<Q - David S. Palmer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Driscoll from Citi Research. Your question, please. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: Great. Thanks a lot. Good evening, everyone. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Good evening, David. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: I wanted just to – on Easter, I think what you guys have said is that there were something 
like $45 million of sales impact and maybe that would translate into about an $8 million profit impact in the quarter 
that would have shifted in from the second quarter, Tim. Is that about rough, right – is that math roughly correct? 


<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yes, David, I think when you look at it, we did say there was an Easter shift between a 
half a point to a point on the top line. I think if you're just doing the math up of average margins, however, I would 
mention though that if you think about it conceptually and we still need to kind of go to school on this a little bit more, 
but it could well be that you'd see a little bit of a greater profit shift now with the Easter shift. Then the top-line would 
indicate only because the products that sell at Easter tend to be a bit higher profit margin for us. And our historic 
analysis would have included. say, the snacks business, the Northern American snacks business that's now with 
Mondelez, which didn't really have a lot of Easter shift in cookies and crackers, for instance. So the profit shift was 
dampened by that. So we need to go to school a bit more on that, but I think theoretically conceptually, there could well 
be a little bit more of a shift from Easter at the operating income line than it would have been the case historically. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: I really appreciate that color. On beverages, I have to admit I'm not even confident of this 
question here. But in the fourth quarter, did you actually have negative operating income in beverages and then in this 
quarter it looks like it was quite strong operating income? I'd love to hear you talk about that fourth quarter piece and 
then just kind of sequentially. So I'm trying to get my head wrapped around what's going in beverage income? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. I mean – you're right, that was – operating income was negative in the fourth 
quarter of last year. You can see from the disclosures there was some restructuring in there, but even when you separate 
that out, it was lower year-on-year for and lower in the absolute for a number of reasons. But as you look at this year, I 
think when you look at the first quarter, there was an improvement, but it was more I guess a bit normalized if you look 
at say first quarter beverage profitability in 2012 versus 2011, it was down year-on-year. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: It was down very significantly. It was down almost 40% in the first quarter of 2012. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Right, right. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: We're building up a particularly weak quarter. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: Okay. So then 


<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Nonetheless we're making good progress in beverage. We're getting that business back 
on track. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: But the fourth quarter, did it affect the first quarter? Somehow, do profits move from 4Q to 
1Q? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: No, there wouldn't have been any shift. This is just a – what you're seeing is just 
pure year-over-year comparison. There wouldn't have been any sort of extraordinarily shift from fourth quarter to first 
quarter. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: If I could just one last question and it's a specific one, on that line in the segment disclosure, 
the pension cost line, I think it's called certain post-employment benefit plan cost. That's a mouthful. That thing was a 
$1 million, I think it's a benefit. We were looking for a fairly significant expense there. I would love to hear just some 
understanding as to kind of maybe what happened. And more importantly, what do we do with this thing going 
forward? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. I think when you look at, David, the year-on-year comparison, what you have 
in the prior year first quarter was an allocation of pension cost from Mondelez when it was all one company, which you 
have right now is a combination of some pension expense and then some pension benefit coming through there netting 
out it about $1 million flat. I think, as you move forward, it's going to be essentially neutral on that line as we get to the 
next couple of quarters. And then, I think what you also saw there was a general corporate expense of about $33 
million versus $1 million last year. That's largely dis-synergies and reflect the costs of being an independent public 
company. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: And some restructuring costs. 


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes, and some restructuring costs in that line, right. So I think it was like $13 
million. But I think as we move forward, you'd be looking at about – in corporate expense, roughly about $25 million a 
quarter is what we're operating at. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: Really appreciate it. Thank you. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Sure, David. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow from BMO. Your question, please. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Good evening. everyone. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Ken. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Hi, Ken. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Tony, you made a reference to basically quashing flankers in certain categories. Could you 
talk about what categories and what actions you are talking to make sure this doesn't become an issue? It seems like 
that was something that you wanted to target a little bit. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Did you say squashing? 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: I said quashing, but backlashing. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Okay. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: You took a pretty affirmative action on that. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. We got to defend and build our key segments, right? And they do attracted 
some real competitors when you're talking about mac and cheese with an 80 market share plus. I did mention several 
areas where we're focusing. You can see the weaknesses in some select categories in the scanner data. It's pretty 
obvious your Nielsen's are our Nielsen's. Salad dressing, mayonnaise and Miracle Whip are our pitch battles right now, 
and Jell-O is an important one with a lot of offerings from competitors in that sweet desserts area. We're going to be 
taking appropriate actions, and I'm talking about ad campaigns and innovation, and good- better- best pricing to 
improve our performance, but for competitive reasons, I'd rather let you see that retail when my competitors see it than 
frankly talk about it here. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Okay. And my follow-up question is, in terms of goo-better- best, I think six or seven 
months ago, you alluded to the fact that you had probably about eight categories in that good-better- best and you were 
moving towards trying to get more and more of those headways. Can talk about where you are in the progression of 
getting good-better-best pricing in? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. We talked about the eight categories, cold cuts, mac and cheese, processed 
slices, shredded cheese, ready-to-drink with Kool-Aid Jammers, Capri Sun and Capri Sun fruit and vegetable, coffee I 
think I mentioned earlier I see real progress, and frankly the fruits of a lot of good efforts by our coffee team to go after 
coffee, probably not going to talk about the areas for competitive reasons. I think you could argue liquid water 
enhancers, we got quite a portfolio of good-better-best there when you talking about Kool-Aid, Crystal Light and MiO. 
And frankly, you can see other beverage brands that might appeal. That's a new one by definition, and I think this 
quarter we're growing high-double digits. So, more to come. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Your question, please. 

<Q - Robert Moskow>: Hi, thanks. In the last quarter, I think we spent probably 30 minutes talking about Oscar 
Mayer and refrigerated meals and the sales being down and losing business for the big customer. And it's like this 
quarter sales are up 2.5% and it's like it never even happened. So, before I get too excited about it, can you tell me if 
this is a seasonal issue or how did sales turn positive in the first quarter in that division? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: You're opening my business unit, but I talked about it too much too. 

<Q - Robert Moskow>: Yes. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: But so – hey, the cold cuts area is still a pitch battle, and frankly, the category is 
soft. And I think there is something going on in the Deli Fresh segment. Frankly, there's some great innovations from 
most competitors that you typically don't see in your Nielsen definition. And we follow that pretty closely, because 
when we introduce carving board and all of our deli shaved innovation, one of our goals was to grow our segment 
versus that Deli Fresh segment. They've now responded, and I think you can see some of that affecting our industry 
cold cuts and Kraft Oscar Mayer itself. So, I'm trading back and forth, and we know that exists because we got some 
good data on it. Our trends are improving, thank you for noticing, but I think our Oscar Mayer team would be the first 
to admit that they want to continue to do better in cold cuts, which is a critical category for Kraft. I do want to call out, 
by the way, they're doing beautifully in bacon, up 14% this quarter, and Lunchables, which just continues to grow. Lot 
of good Easter momentum there too. 

<Q - Robert Moskow>: Okay. And Tim, I have a question on pension expense, but in the interest of productivity, I'm 
not going to ask. So, next question, I guess. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Thanks, Rob. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Thank, Rob. 

<Q - Robert Moskow>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Good evening. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Eric. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Hi, Eric. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Hi. I appreciate Rob giving me his five minutes because I'll use them. I guess first question is 
just more detailed, Tim, on the $62 million of asset write-offs and exit cost versus the total $112 million of 
restructuring, where is that difference allocated versus like cost of goods or SG&A? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Eric, that's all – it's – within schedule one, there is a footnote in the press release and 
that lays it all out. So it was, I think, $119 million total in the quarter and then up in cost of goods, you had $24 million 
SG&A, you had $33 million, yes. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. Thank you. And then, I guess from the Analyst Day in September to then CAGNY to 
then CAGE, CapEx kind of moved around a lot. Can you just kind of talk about that a bit, Tim? And I interpreted that 
at the time that it was a couple of hundred million difference in your free cash flow this year. And I guess you are 
saying it isn't. So, what is the difference and why such volatility on the CapEx line? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Well, we're a bit late in the quarter in CapEx relative to full year expectation. And even 
so, there was some restructuring related that wouldn't – that is unique to the restructuring program. But we do expect – 
continue to expect that CapEx will exceed depreciation for the year by at least couple of hundred million dollars. And 


so that's what's – that's what's embedded within our cash flow forecast. Again, in the first quarter, it was light at $85 
million, but we expect it largely to be back on track for the same level that we anticipated. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. So maybe I didn't make myself clear. At CAGNY, you had a slide that said about $400 
million for the year, and then at CAGE, it jumped to $700 million. And 


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes, I – okay. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: So that – and then there is – but what is – so that's $300 million more of cash being 
reinvested. So, what is the difference if – why shouldn't we assume free cash flow is lower by that number, but I -? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: So, Eric, what happened in the footnote at CAGNY that we had to come back and 
correct was the fact that when we did add -up on CapEx, the add-up was done in terms of what was happening at the 
business units. There was an extra bit of CapEx that was related to the restructuring program, as Tim mentioned, that 
wasn't captured. So it was $700 million all along. There was a bit of mistake in that slide. So, when we got to CAGE, 
we updated it, and then the next day we issued the 10-K, which had the right number for CapEx. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: But embedded within our cash flow expectation, that delta was reflected all along. We 
just included it in a different category. It was included in restructuring as opposed to in CapEx. So that wouldn't have 
affected – it doesn't affect our guidance of $1 billion – at least $1 billion of cash for the year. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. A follow-up, but – okay. And then last to Tony. I guess I'm – the Group, as you know, 
has had significant multiple expansions. Every company out there is trading at a very nice multiple these days and yet 
your comments about willing to aggressively promote and adjust pricing to keep your share, I think it's a little bit of a 
scary outlook from the biggest US food company, given valuation. I mean, how should investors kind of really take 
such an aggressive comment versus the Group's tremendous run and your stock as well? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. So I – obviously, I don't control PE multiples. I wish I did, Eric, but I don't. I 
don't want you to read too much into my defend and build because I'm not taking up my trade promotion budget. In 
fact, I'm more efficient with my trade promotion budget. I think it was more a statement about the fact that we won't let 
the kind of cold cuts low-rung on the price ladder get away from us on what is a top-10 franchise. And we'll take the 
whole portfolio of our playbook to address it competitively. We remain very focused on profitable, sustainable growth, 
and you're going to see us use some promotion to adjust price points for commodity costs, but that's about it. We'll 
always keep an eye towards profitability and brand talent. So if I led you to believe that I'm playing games with my 
trade promotion to drive price points down, I'm not. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. I'll pass it on. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Eric, let me go back to your question on cash flow because I sensed that you're skeptical 
of our ability to deliver our target. And quite frankly, we're working very hard, as I said, to drive more cash. But if you 
take out our EPS guidance, you can pretty – come pretty close to backing in to what our net income is going be. And 
depreciation is a little bit under $400 million, as you can surmise from prior reports. 

You talked about the $700 million of CapEx, and we've talked about, about $600 million in pension contribution yet to 
come in the year. You need to tax effect that because we get an immediate tax deduction from that. So you backed that 
down to more like $400 million. And we've said we have about $125 million of tax payment that is still ahead of us that 
was carryover because we only had three payments in 2012. But that gets you somewhere in the $800 million to $850 
million range, and that doesn't include the progress we're making on working capital and other things and we're quite 
confident that that – we have set a goal over the next two or three years to take 10 to 12 days of cash conversion cost 
out. And consequentially, we'll get a jump on it this year. So we're confident that we'll deliver $1 billion. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. So, it's – thanks for that. So it's – it basically comes down to a little bit of timing 
difference on the after-tax issue and then a assumption on your part that working capital will offset the difference in the 
$300 million in CapEx? 


<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Well, yes, again, the $300 million of CapEx was already embedded within the cash flow 
was just came in on the restructuring line as opposed to on the depreciation line. So it's just a categorization, not a 
change in the level. It isn't – we didn't raise the bar on expectation or working capital. It's just shifting between lines. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I mean, Eric, when you look at the two disclosures, it was simply a $300 million 
shift from cash from operations to CapEx. All right? So there was really no change in the total number, no change in 
forecast. It's just $300 million of CapEx related to restructuring was put in a wrong bucket, that's all. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Diane Geissler from CLSA. Your question, please. 

<Q - Diane Geissler>: Good afternoon. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Good afternoon, Diane. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Good afternoon, Diane. 

<Q - Diane Geissler>: I wanted to ask a clarifying question on your comment regarding the case of the revitalization 
of your portfolio, the eight of the 20 categories that you covered. My understanding is your run rate per annum is sort 
of two to three platforms. And just given your commentary within the script, is that – are you enhancing that this year 
or you think that you'll be running at a faster rate, or is the two to three platforms correct? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yes. I think, Diane, just to clarify, when I talk about 10 new ad campaigns, that 
really is not the same as talking about making sure that we're growing our good-better-best from eight of the 20 
categories to more of them. I mean, we have today – and I have to check this, we probably have about 20 of our brands 
advertised, Anglo or Hispanic or both. And we only have good-better-best executed perfectly in eight or nine 
categories. So I hope – is that what you're getting at? 

<Q - Diane Geissler>: Yes. I just want to make sure that I'm not getting ahead of myself in estimating the 
good-better-best strategy and sort of what is the tale of that over the next two years. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: No, you had it right. 

<Q - Diane Geissler>: Okay. Perfect. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: The reality is, this is the great hard part of marketing, right, where you put together 
a plan and you got them a message that works and it's got to be tested and your customers have to like it, and I wish it 
came easy, but it's – the fun of it is that it's a great hard journey. 

<Q - Diane Geissler>: Okay, great. Thanks for that commentary. And then I wanted to ask about the working capital 
on a year-over-year basis. And I appreciate that the balance sheet we all have from last year is the sort of carve-out 
from Kraft, KFG. I think you've spoken in the past about maybe even within your own system having some inventory 
that you needed to phase out. I know you commented on the retailer inventories being in good shape, but I guess, could 
you talk a little bit about kind of where within your own system you think those opportunities are? And is that already 
anything you would have to write off? Would that be predicated already in the restructuring charges that you've given 
us for this year? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Yes. I don't anticipate that there would any material inventory write-offs as we – I 
mean, we've already engaged in some product line pruning in excess of kind of the abnormal course. But if there are 
write-offs, there are kind of background noise write-offs. So I would not be concerned about that. Really our focus to 
improve our working capital comes first and foremost, from my perspective, in inventory, but it is better managing the 
requirements. And I made reference. I'm not sure everybody understands what exactly it is, but I've made reference to 
integrated business planning. That's what many of you know as sales and inventory, and operations planning is getting 


better at forecasting, and better production planning and better managing our inventories to meet the requirements in 
appropriate service level but with better forecasting to be able to have the right inventory at the right place when we 
need it. That's where I see the opportunity is – just lower the water level and the inventory requirements to still meet 
those needs by virtue of better running the business. 

<Q - Diane Geissler>: And 


<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: And that should not require write-offs. 

<Q - Diane Geissler>: And how far along on that – in that process do you think you are? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: I'd we're second inning. 

<Q - Diane Geissler>: Second inning. Okay. Perfect. Thank you. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Sure. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: If we could take one more question, it would be great. 

Operator 

Certainly. Our final question comes from the line of Jason English from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please. 

<Q - Jason English>: Let me come back to your guidance for first half, second half. I've been playing on a model 
over. And to get to $2.75, you imply like a $0.60 earnings quarter. I just can't beat my numbers down that hard. So, can 
you help me understand some of the puts and takes? Is this like lumpy restructuring or is this something else unique is 
going to happen in the second quarter? 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: I mean, we've said we've upped – two-thirds of our restructuring is going to come in the 
first half. So there is higher restructuring in the second quarter, then kind of what would be spreading $300 million over 
proportionally. And the other thing is, as Tony mentioned that we reinforced, that we expect more brand-building 
investment. We've got some very good programs with – in good shape to be rolled out, and we want to get that rolling. 
Remember that Easter came a bit early, so you've got a little bit of seasonality impact there as well that took it out of 
the second quarter, put it in the first quarter on a relative basis to last year. 

<Q - Jason English>: Okay. Thanks, guys. Have a good night. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Timothy R. McLevish>: Thank you. 

Operator 

This does – this concludes the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to 
management for any further remarks. 

Chris Jakubik 

Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. For analysts who have further follow-ups, [ph] Doug Dumars (59:17) and 
myself will be available, and for any media enquires following the call, Basil Maglaris will be available for you. So, 
thanks very much, and have a good evening. 

Operator 


Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


