Q4 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Christopher M. Jakubik 
• Tony Vernon 
• Teri L. List-Stoll 
Other Participants 

• Christopher R. Growe 
• Alexia J. Howard 
• Andrew Lazar 
• Kenneth B. Goldman 
• Eric R. Katzman 
• Bryan D. Spillane 
• David S. Palmer 
• Kenneth B. Zaslow 
• Robert B. Moskow 
• David C. Driscoll 
• Thilo Wrede 
• Jonathan P. Feeney 
• John J. Baumgartner 
• Diane R. Geissler 
• Matthew C. Grainger 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kraft Foods Group Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. At 
this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and 
instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. 

I would now like to turn the call over Chris Jakubik. 

Christopher M. Jakubik 

Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining our quarterly business update. With me today are Tony 
Vernon, our CEO, and Teri List-Stoll, our CFO. 

During our remarks we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual 
results may differ due to risks and uncertainties and these are discussed in our press release. We'll also be discussing 
some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation 
within our press release and in the Investor Center of kraftfoodsgroup.com. 

Now, I'll hand it over to Tony and Teri to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results as well as the state of our 
business. 


Tony Vernon 

Thanks, Chris, and thanks to everyone for joining us to discuss our 2013 results. Before we get into our usual business 
update and our progress in remaking Kraft Foods, we'll start today by putting some context around the revenue growth 
we just reported. We delivered 3.2% organic top-line revenue growth in the fourth quarter, well above the 0.6% growth 
for the North American food and beverage industry and consistent with our guidance. We did see a benefit of about 3 
percentage points from comparisons with the spin-related trade inventory de-load that happened last year, and that was 
partially offset by about 1 point of extraordinary pruning. 

In the end, I'd offer two takeaways. First, excluding the noise from the spin-related comparisons and our extraordinary 
pruning, our base business volume mix growth was solid and this occurred in a quarter where our industry faced a 
number of headwinds, from SNAP reductions to a tight window between Thanksgiving and other holidays at the end of 
the year. Second, we lagged industry growth on a dollar basis due to pricing at several of our categories mainly nuts 
and coffee, the price is down during the year, in line with lower input costs. 

Now, turning to our full year revenue performance. As we've talked about for most of this year, we expected that our 
focus on profitable growth would hold back our top-line growth versus industry in 2013. What's most interesting, 
however, is that the major disparity between our organic growth and industry growth was due to pricing. We priced 
down mainly to reflect lower input costs in coffee and nuts while higher industry pricing of 1.4% represented the 
entirety of industry growth. In fact, our vol/mix growth was faster than industry units growth in 2013 with or without 
the extraordinary pruning of less profitable product lines that we pushed hard this year. 

Now, when we look behind and beyond the top-line growth numbers, we made a great deal of progress in 2013 in 
revitalizing and remaking the new Kraft Foods, and setting the stage for further progress in 2014. We've talked a lot 
about rejuvenating our portfolio brand by brand over the course of the year. There were several bright spots that really 
delivered for us in 2013. Canada, where our team north of the border had an outstanding year, outgrowing their 
categories by a wide margin and delivering strong innovation-driven top-line growth and more than 20% bottom-line 
growth. 

The performance of our cheese business reflected a great general management. Coming off of 2012 that was heavy up 
with advertising and a lot of pricing moves and transitioning to more of a better balance of advertising and promotion 
this year. This resulted in the business' first year of share gain in total cheese since 2005, and its third consecutive year 
our category-leading performance on both the top and bottom lines. Now, no doubt, 2014 will test their mettle again 
with spot cheese prices back at record levels at the outset of the year but our cheese team has proven their ability to 
drive revenue-driven profit growth consistently. 

Foodservice, where our team lives and breathes the mantra of profitable growth, delivering a four-peat, four 
consecutive years of hitting its bottom line growth targets in spite of heavy product line pruning. Coffee and Planters 
are two other revenue-driven profitable growth stories in the making, great innovation in coffee pods and great 
marketing behind Mr. Peanut, and each supported by significant productivity gains to drive stronger bottom-line 
growth. 

And Lunchables where category-growing innovation behind the launch of Lunchables Uploaded has expanded the 
brand's appeal to an older teen demographic and led to strong double-digit growth all year. Now, at the same time, our 
list of challenges has not really changed since last quarter but we're seeing some encouraging signs of life. In cold cuts, 
while the category remained under pressure in Q4, our share trend improved and we will have more innovation and 
rejuvenation activity coming to market this year. Jell-O, while it's still early days in our brand renovation efforts, we 
did see an improvement in household penetration and shopper visits to this category in the fourth quarter. And the fact 
that this occurred in a seasonally low quarter for that business was encouraging. And in salad dressings, the 
promotional environment was much less intense than the fourth quarter, and our market share showed improvement 
versus what we saw during the first half of the year. 


Overall, we feel great about the improvement in our portfolio health but there is still lots more work to do. For instance, 
during the 52 weeks of 2013, roughly two-thirds of our businesses were holding or growing market share, up from only 
40% one year ago. That's more than a 26-point improvement. That being said, going forward, our challenge is more 
squarely focused on growing our categories. We owe that to our customers. In many cases, Kraft is the category and 
we'll talk more about how we tackle that challenge next Tuesday at the CAGNY conference. 

Productivity continued to deliver an industry-leading levels, and frankly, productivity has been the key to our ability to 
reinvest in our brands, our marketing and our great people and really begin to change our game. 

And finally, our cash focus and return-based decision making is really paying off and is fully reflected on our financial 
results to date. That is a great segue way to Teri's discussion on the details of our Q4 and full year earnings 
performance. 

Teri L. List-Stoll 

Thanks, Tony and good afternoon everyone. Let me start by saying how excited I am to be here as part of the Kraft 
team. And I'm looking forward to meeting and getting to know you over the coming months. 

As I'm sure you've seen by now, we had a solid fourth quarter finish. For the full year, earnings were above the 
guidance we provided at the end of October even after taking out the significant benefit from market-based impacts to 
our post-employment benefit plans. 

As we look at the earnings bridge, we saw a significant contribution from the growth in earnings from operations. This 
is consistent with our expectations and was a big contributor for both the fourth quarter and the year. The upside versus 
our guidance was primarily driven by two factors: lower than expected spending on restructuring and a lower than 
expected effective tax rate. 

Restructuring program costs were roughly $290 million for the year versus the approximately $325 million we initially 
expected. You may recall the initial estimate for this restructuring program announced at the time of spin-off was $650 
million. Right now, we expect that we will complete the program at a lower cost, call it, $625 million. 

On the tax line, we were able to realize some discrete tax benefits in 2013 that we hadn't factored into our latest 
guidance update. There's been two things, the first is pretty obvious, that our earnings were higher than expected in 
2013. And second, because of some discrete tax benefits in 2013, we will face a slightly larger tax headwind moving 
forward, since our effective tax rate in 2013 was well below the approximately 34% we would expect on a going basis. 
Overall, we feel we've made significant strides in improving the profitability of our businesses. 

And having anniversaried the spin-related impacts, we've established a fairly solid base of earnings from which we can 
grow consistently going forward and, importantly, generate the cash necessary to reinvest in our businesses while 
returning ample cash to our shareholders, which brings me to the progress we've made in improving free cash flow. As 
Tony mentioned, our focus on cash really paid off in 2013. We generated free cash flow of $1.5 billion, that's $300 
million higher than what we had initially forecast. 

Working capital efficiency, especially our days inventory on hand, drove the upside versus our expectations. We ended 
the year with our fourth quarter cash conversion cycle at approximately 34 days. This is down more than eight days 
compared to the four-quarter average in the prior year. We used approximately $600 million of our free cash flow to 
fund contributions to our pension plans during 2013. 

Together with the asset returns realized in those plans and the increase in discount rates used to calculate our 
obligations, we've been able to improve the funded status of our pension plan to 96% at the end of 2013. That's a 
dramatic increase from the funded status of only 77% a year ago. This improvement in funded status means that we're 
planning our 2014 contributions a bit lower than our previous expectations, at about $200 million. 

And in anticipation of the question, we are not taking our contributions down to zero. There are two reasons for this. 
First, we have about $60 million of required contributions that are primarily related to our Canadian pension plans. And 


second, we plan to make additional contributions to offset the benefits activity that will accrue during 2014. We 
currently expect that to be around $140 million. Now that said, the improved funded status puts us in a much better 
position than we were only a year ago, allowing us to deploy excess cash to grow our business and create value for 
shareholders. 

One of our opportunities is to begin share repurchases under the $3 billion program that our board put in place last 
December. We haven't made any share repurchases to-date, given the timing of that authorization came during one of 
our normal earnings-related blackout periods. Now taken all together, the current health of our portfolio, the solid base 
of earnings we've established and the fact that we, as a company, have proven that we know how to cut costs and 
generate cash. We're well positioned to deliver sustainable growth consistent with the long-term growth algorithm 
we've laid out. 

First, profitable organic revenue growth at or above the North America food and beverage industry; second, consistent 
mid-single-digit growth in operating income; and third, mid-to-high single digit EPS growth. And keep in mind, these 
targets exclude market-based impacts on post-employment benefit plans. 

For free cash flow, you'll notice that we've refined our target here from consistent mid-single digit growth to more of a 
cash productivity target. Our objective is at least 90% of net income. I believe this is achievable on a sustainable basis 
and it sets a realistic bar relative to benchmark performance. Importantly, it's consistent with how we're thinking about 
our other objectives such as the productivity opportunities that our Head of Supply Chain, Bob Gorski, laid out for you 
last December. 

And finally, we remain committed to both consistent year-to-year improvement in ROIC and mid-single digit growth in 
our dividend, which brings me to our guidance practices going forward. If you recall, at Kraft's first Investor Day 
presentation just before the spin-off, our team laid out the company's intention to cease issuing annual guidance 
beginning in 2014, and so here we are. 

Let me spend just a few minutes talking about the protocol you can expect moving forward and our philosophy behind 
it. When we announced our no annual guidance policy, we said our long-term growth algorithm reflects our ongoing 
expectation for performance, year-in and year-out. 

With consumer staples being a relatively stable industry, in terms of earnings and cash flow, we believe this is a 
realistic expectation. Also, we need our managers to focus on the long-term and not manage the short-term estimates 
for consensus, which can be damaging to long-term shareholder value creation. 

So as a matter of practice, our current plan is to not provide annual point estimates and P&L line items. But you can 
expect us to deliver annual results consistent with our long-term growth algorithm. And as far as quarterly estimates go, 
as many of you know, Kraft's earning seasonality is fairly consistent. 

As a standalone company, the new Kraft dollar revenue split is roughly 50-50 first half versus second half and we 
typically generate a bit more than half of our EPS in the first half of the year. We still have some base period shifts like 
Easter that can skew our quarterly splits, but front-half, back-half splits should be reasonably comparable. 

That doesn't mean that we won't talk about factors that may lead to some deviation from either our long-term growth 
algorithm or the normal seasonality of earnings across quarters. You can expect us to provide quantitative assessments 
of financially material events, for instance, the impact from extraordinary product pruning, and the acquisitions or 
significant changes in the timing of our cost savings initiatives. We'll also provide qualitative assessments of business 
in macroeconomic trends and competitive dynamics, if we expect such factors to take us away from a consistent growth 
we're targeting over the long term. 

I'll now turn it back to Tony for some closing remarks regarding how we see 2014 shaping up. 

Tony Vernon 


Thanks, Teri. As all of you know, scanner data on consumer takeaway has shown an increasingly challenging 
environment over the course of 2013. I'll talk in more detail about the current trends and dynamics at work in our 
industry next week at CAGNY. But I'll say now that as we enter 2014, we see some of those headwinds continuing in 
the near term for the North American food and beverage market. And we would expect unit growth to remain below 
population growth in the near term, two specific factors affecting growth are the recent reduction in SNAP benefits and 
low labor market participation. 

Additionally, we would anticipate an especially soft start to the year for two reasons. First is calendar timing with the 
shift in the Easter holiday from Q1 last year to Q2 this year. For Kraft, this means a shift in revenue and quite high 
margin revenue of about $150 million into the second quarter of 2014 versus what occurred in the first quarter of 2013. 

Second, because of a weaker holiday sell-through, we believe our retail customers ended this year with perhaps one 
more day of inventory than they normally carry. And this is likely to impact both industry growth and our growth in the 
first quarter of 2014. 

Now, I'll hand it back to Teri to round up some Kraft-specific factors that will affect our earnings and cash flow. 

Teri L. List-Stoll 

So, just to build on what Tony said was likely to be a slow start to the year, I'd also note the fact that our cheese and 
meat businesses will be climbing upwards commodity cost curve at the outset of the year. As many of you know, there 
tends to be some degree of quarter-to-quarter disconnect when this happens, but the price benefits flowing through to 
the P&L had a somewhat slower pace than the cost increases. 

Below the line, while I mentioned our lower-than-normal effective tax rate in 2013, the headwind it will create moving 
forward, there are two other factors to consider as you think about our earnings and cash flow prospects. The first is 
related to our spending and cost savings initiatives. I mentioned earlier that we spent roughly $290 million on our 
restructuring program in 2013. We said in the past that our ongoing rate of spending on cost savings initiatives should 
be in the $125 million range. 

However, due to the timing of projects that caused last year's spending to come in slightly lower than expected, as well 
as the mix of projects we're looking at for this year, our spending on cost savings initiative in 2014 is likely to be higher 
than our normal run rates by as much as $25 million. 

We don't have a firm number yet and we're still finalizing some projects, but we wanted to flag it for you now and 
prevent a surprise later. So, while we still expect to step down in spending to benefit both our earnings and free cash 
flow generation in 2014, it may not be as significant to step down as many of you might have been expecting. 

The other factor that should benefit free cash flow in 2014 versus 2013 is our lower level of pension plan contributions 
that I mentioned earlier. Now, to head off one other question that might come up, I think there may be some 
expectation that our growth in free cash flow in 2014 may benefit from one less tax payment than what occurred in 
2013. 

It's true the number of tax payments we make in 2014 may well be different than 2013. But we also will not have the 
tax benefit of the much larger pension contributions we made last year. So as a result, the dollar amount of taxes may 
not necessarily be lower than in 2013 and therefore, we wouldn't expect any tax-related benefits to free cash flow 
growth this year. 

And now back to Tony to close things out. 

Tony Vernon 

Okay. I'll wrap up our opening comments by saying that, as tough as the economy may be and as strapped as our key 
consumer is, we feel confident we're on the right track. We're encouraged by the progress we've made in productivity, 


overheads, costs, cash flow and market share, but we will not be satisfied until we consistently grow our portfolio of 
great brands faster than the North American food and beverage industry. 

Nobody likes to operate in this type of environment and we're not yet firing on all cylinders. But I will say this, we 
have an obligation and a real opportunity to innovate and contemporize our brands to meet the constantly evolving 
needs of all Americas' families, the emerging and growing cohorts of millennials and Hispanic consumers, our 
economically-strapped consumers in this barbell economy and those consumers seeking more options in nutrition and 
wellbeing. 

At CAGNY, I plan to talk more about how Kraft is uniquely positioned to capture these growing, yes, growing cohort 
opportunities. Yes, we have more work to do, but we have a playbook that's working and a portfolio like no other. We 
are focused in taking the right steps to build our brands, our people, and our capabilities with a mission to deliver 
long-term profitable growth and strong free cash flow. 

Now, we'll be delighted to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Chris Growe from Stifel. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Hi, good evening. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Hey, Chris. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Hi. I thought I had just – maybe the printer had missed my – the outlook page from 
your press release. So I guess you're not going to give me an outlook for the year. I get that now. So, just kidding. I just 
had a question for you if I could about, if you look at 2014, I guess, I'm trying to get to like your – maybe some framing 
of PNOC for the year. I know it sounds like it will be a slow start to the year, but how pricing would – you expect to 
do, mostly keep up with input cost inflation for the year? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: As you know, we have demonstrated a good discipline in the PNOC area. And so, as we look 
at commodity prices rising today, we're very much focused on how do we keep pace with that and respond to that in an 
operational way if you're taking the right pricing at the right time. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: And so you have a gross cost savings target and a net cost saving target. Is this the year 
where especially when you're chasing higher input costs, so there may be a little less of a gap between those two 
because you're using more of those cost savings to offset inflation. Is that a reasonable assumption for 2014? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. We're not going to get into real specific details line-by-line, so you can rest assured the 
productivity – we're driving to keep that spread between gross and net as small as possible, but there are some 
legitimate business investments in there as well. So we'll keep focused on it and drive the net. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Okay. If I could follow-up follow on to that one last question would be your – so your 
net cost savings for the year, are those numbers that you're giving in advance like for 2014 what you expect in the way 
of net cost savings? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: We didn't really provide any net cost savings there, Chris. I think what Teri was talking about in 
the opening comments had more to do with the spending on cost savings initiatives as opposed to a cost savings target, 
if you will. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Okay. Thank you. See you next week. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Great, Chris. 


Operator 

The next question comes from Alexia Howard from Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: Good evening, everyone. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Hi, Alexia. 

<A - Christopher M. Jakubik>: Hey, Alexia. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: Hi, can I ask about uses of cash? It looks as though your net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio 
has come down or it looks fairly decent level at this point. How are you thinking about the share repurchases versus 
acquisitions versus other possible uses of cash from here? Thank you. 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. As we think about the best way to deploy our cash, we start with, of course making 
sure we have invested sufficiently within the business and of course maintain our commitment to the dividend. So those 
are the two primary priorities we have. We certainly have the ability to consider acquisitions, but that's something that 
is not necessarily a primary focus at this point which leaves us with the possibility to return some of that cash to 
shareholders. So we think about the share repurchase as a way to use excess cash once we've made the appropriate 
other investments that will help drive growth. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: And then on the pruning front on the sales line, is that a trend that we're going to expect to 
continue during the course of 2014? And how do you classify pruning as unusual or extraordinary versus the ongoing 
level of pruning that you would expect on a day-to-day basis? Thank you and I'll pass it on. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Alexia, my goal in our remaining years together is that you never have to hear the word pruning 
again. It was exceptional these last two years, because we were doing it primarily in food service and there was an 
Oscar Mayer line that we got out of, but we're going to absorb pruning in our own growth calculation. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Andrew Lazar from Barclays. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Hey, Andrew. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Hey, I just wanted to make sure I understood the climbing cost curve sort of commentary. In 
terms of your ability to sort of recover that through pricing, there's always a lag of sorts. I understand. But I guess is 
there any reason to think that in the environment we're in right now or what you're seeing that that lag would be any 
different for whatever it is, competitive reasons than it normally is in a category like cheese or meat? And what would 
you see that normalized lag as being? A couple of quarters? Two quarters? How do you see that? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. I just comment and you've written about this a few times, Andrew, we feel very good 
about the progress we're making in our pricing power vis-à-vis the equity and innovation investments we make in our 
brands. So in fact, we feel good about our elasticity and our ability to use price as one of the four Ps. 

I think the best proof I can give you of late is that in the peanuts and coffee situations, we grew share, we grew margin 
dollars, we grew top line, we grew bottom line and we handled the pricing volatility in that situation, I believe, quite 
well. And I anticipate that for meats and the other businesses that are affected. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: And just one quick follow-up, I think Teri mentioned the restructuring spending might be, was 
it $25 million higher in 2014 than you had otherwise anticipated potentially? So instead of $125 million perhaps $175 
million? Is that what you were getting at? 


<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: More like up to $150 million, so potentially as much as $25 million higher. We haven't 
finalized the projects and all of that, so it's still open and I just wanted to provide a little bit of advance notice that it 
could be a bit higher. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Got it. Yeah. If I did my math right, I would have actually gotten to your number. So thank you 
for that clarification. 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: I just want to challenge you, Andrew. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: That was an easy one, but thank you. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Thanks. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Goldman>: Hey, thanks for the question. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Goldman>: Tony, can you talk a bit more about the retail inventory issue, what you think happened 
there and maybe which categories are most affected? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. I wouldn't overstate it or overthink it. I mean I think it was an unusual year, right, because 
we had such a short number of days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And so, buying patterns were affected by 
less shopping days and then high holiday season. And I think all of us probably saw that we're sitting on maybe a day. 
Yeah. I think Walmart on their call discussed it and we saw it. I wouldn't let it run on you, because I think my goal, I've 
said this to you guys before, is that we never have to talk about inventory because our retailers are pretty good at this. 
And in a growing company, we should be able to manage these small swings. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Goldman>: Thanks. And then, Teri, first you didn't mention coffee as a cost headwind. I just wanted 
to know if beans were factored into your thoughts. And last year, George Zoghbi came to New York. He gave a very 
helpful presentation about cheese pricing and strategy. One of the points he made was that cheese EBIT can rise 
year-on-year even when cheese costs are up, right. And he gave 2011 as, I guess, an illustration. Is this true though, 
even in a year when cheese spikes as it has, I know it's come off the boil, right, but it's still pretty high. So I guess I'm 
curious if your expectation is that cheese EBIT can and will be up, if the cost of the commodity stays above 2010 or so? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: George is right obviously and it is as relevant today as when he was talking to you in 2011. 
So over time it is possible that the volatility in cheese could provide some of that opportunity. And as you can well 
imagine George and his team are actively working the best way to manage through what we're seeing in the cheese 
pricing. On the coffee front, coffee prices are rallying a bit because of some of the drought conditions that we're seeing 
Brazil. So that is a consideration as we head into the year as well. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Goldman>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Eric Katzman from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Good evening. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Hi, Eric. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: So many questions, so little time. Let's start out with, you didn't mention you marketing 
spending or advertising for – why don't we just – I doubt I'm going to get it in the quarter. So what was it up in the year 


and how do you think about that like, I think it was $600 million that you spent a year ago or $640 million? How much 
is that number up? And what do you think about that for 2014? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yep. So advertising spend I'm proud to say was up double-digits, it was low double-digits but it 
was double-digits. You know that we feel that we're rebuilding the appropriate level of advertising. I think if you do the 
math, you'll see I'm about $0.75, $0.80 on the dollar versus my goal of fair share of advertising. And then we continue 
to believe that we'll march to that in 2014. We are not going to be one of the companies that cut equity advertising and 
innovation in favor of plowing into the trade. And I think if you really tease out fourth quarter, you'll see we maintained 
our growth rate. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, Tony, you mentioned that Canada was doing very well and 
the profit numbers in the year and the quarter back that up. But should we be concerned about the possible price war up 
there among some retailers? Is that a factor that could limit your results during the year? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. I think the reality is, as you know, there are five accounts that dominate the market. We 
happen to do best with the biggest of those five who have a three-tiered strategy in private label that's very successful. 
But that's the account where we actually do our best performance. And so, I'm very confident of their playbook of 
innovation and their use of the entire good-better-best spectrum is – they're going to continue the momentum they 
showed in 2013. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. Last one and then I'll pass it on. Again, looking at the cheese business, you had been 
running as best I can tell from the numbers, roughly, call it $170 million to $180 million, $190 million per quarter in 
profit, but this quarter really rolled over to $150 million. What was the reason for that? And is that maybe an example 
of the timing between higher cheese cost versus pricing? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: I'm sorry, Eric, what was the context on the numbers you were throwing out? Was it 


<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: I was saying that you've been running, excluding charges and other things, which you know I 
like to do, it's been running about $180 million to $190 million, $200 million a quarter of profit. And this past quarter 
that rolled over to about $150 million. And so I'm wondering if there's a difference between the timing on pricing 
versus cost that explains the rollover in profit. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah, well, think we'll look more at it for you, Eric. But I would tell you, typically fourth quarter 
is the heavy [ph] Philly (36:08) promotional season, right. So, you're going to see a typical investment in those major 
recipe promotions. Also, keep in mind we did have the String Cheese recall that hit us top and bottom line. We see it 
coming back beautifully now, but I mean that could explain some of the difference. But I'll have Doug follow up for the 
look. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. All right. I'll pass on. Thanks. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Hey, Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Just a couple of questions. First, just going back to bridging, trying to bridge free cash flow 
from 2013 to 2014, I just want to make sure I heard correctly. On the pension contribution, is next year – is 2014 
contribution expected to be $200 million? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: That's what we currently estimate, yeah. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. And the contribution you made in 2013 was $600 million? 


<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Correct. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. And then appreciate the comment about the tax payment. But if we're – starting point 
is $1.5 billion and assuming that is a good starting point now as we bridge to 2014, is that right, or is there anything 
unusual in the $1.5 billion? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. I think the only thing that's unusual is a very strong year, particularly in the fourth 
quarter we ended up, for a variety of reasons, with our inventory levels a bit lower. We had weather. We had the cheese 
recall. There were some things that brought that down lower than we expected. Now, that just makes it more of a 
challenge for us to make that same kind of progress next year. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. But we should see at least a $400 million favorable swing on the pension 
contribution, again, building off the $1.5 billion. And then the question is just going to be what happens with working 
capital. Is that – am I thinking about that right? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: In cap spending, but, yeah, pretty much. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. And then have you given – I didn't hear – have you given a view on cap spending for 
2014? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: We haven't. We said it'd be about in the range of 3%. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. And then just one last question. Tony, there's been a lot of – lot written and a lot said 
about K-Cups recently, and Green Mountain is now being sued, there is a lot of fisticuffs, I guess, in the trade about – 
regarding exclusivity and – so could you just talk a little bit about your observations from where you sit, what you've 
seen, and if there's any tactical adjustments you may make? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: I thought you were going to congratulate me on another $100 million innovation year. [ph] First, 

(39:01) incredible K-Cups. So, no, this is a category I love, one of those – we did the bagged categories with only 
mid-teens penetration, when we know all those European and Canadian countries are at $30 million. So there's no 
surprise that a lot of people care about this with deep emotion. 
I think consumers are going to vote with their wallets. I like where we are. I like being able to control my destiny. I 
think there's a lot of stuff going on. We're following it as closely as you. It's breaking every moment and we love where 
we are and we're especially excited about our four-market test of the McDonald's partnership that includes 
roast-and-ground and hopefully a future-in-all coffee cup vehicles. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Would it be fair to say as the situation evolves, you've got multiple paths that you can take 
in terms of just doing what's best for you or for your shareholders? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Optionality is our goal. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Perfect. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from David Palmer from RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - David S. Palmer>: Hi. Good evening. Just one more quick follow-up on cheese prices. Clearly we're searching 
for how much friction you're talking about perhaps this evening or next week you could point us to maybe analogous 
period of how quickly the profit might build back up in that category? So I'll just throw that one out there. Separately, 
just talking big picture about the supermarket these days. It appears that produce, meats, and dairy are outpacing the 
center of the store Kraft compared to a lot of the conventional food companies has a pretty good exposure to some of 
these categories. Are you seeing this and are you thinking about how you can play into this more in 2014 than perhaps 
we've seen to-date? 


<A - Tony Vernon>: Protein is hot, David. Moms has figured out, especially all those Kraft moms, that this is a great 
way to feed their kid with the right level of nutrition and protein, whether it's peanuts or meat or cheese, which we 
happen to be leaders in each of those categories. We feel great about what we can do there. I hope you'll notice and 
you'll hear my trumpeting this at CAGNY, we're introducing a product called [ph] P3, (41:25) which combines all of 
those products into a convenient snacking unit that we think is going to be a big winner. So yes, the answer to your 
question is an emphatic yes. 

<Q - David S. Palmer>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Good day, everyone. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Hey, Ken. 

<A - Christopher M. Jakubik>: Hey, Ken. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: So just staying on big picture, what changes the trajectory of the sales growth below 
population growth to both population growth and what are the categories that will lead that acceleration? It sounds like 
back half of the year. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: I look forward to talking this to you at CAGNY and Chris is telling me not to bury my headlines 
for that. We believe there are lots of opportunities to innovate and better serve today's consumers. And at the end of my 
talk today, you heard me talk about growing consumer cohorts. And we don't think we have our fair share of that 
growth today and we think we will in the future. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Great. But let me turn it to the other side. Where do you still see the greatest opportunity 
for margin on your cost savings? Obviously, the cheese, it sounds like you've wrung out as much as you can there and 
then [ph] try on that price too (42:46). But what are the other divisions that you expect to see some incremental change 
in margin structure over, call it, 9, 12, 18 months that you guys are really focusing on now? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Okay. Remember, it's about margin dollars not margin percent. But I accept you and Bob Gorski 
is even more eloquent than I. You'll recall that I said we're in the third inning of a nine-inning game and he corrected 
me in back-to-school and said he doesn't understand why with positive lifetime annuity brands and volume growth, you 
can't continue deliver cost savings and margin dollar improvement for many, many years to come. We're at Four Sigma 
and I think 20-some% of our lines and we got a lot of opportunity there. So we see – and by the way, you mentioned 
cheese. I don't think cheese is done with cost improvement. I wouldn't want Georges Zoghbi, my Cheese Leader who is 
listening to think he's done. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Okay. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: So lots more to come. I'd go back to Gorski's presentation at back-to-school. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Okay. And then my final question. Can you just talk for a second about – you addressed all 
the categories that you were fixing except for ready-to-drink. Can you just address that? And then I'll pass it on. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. I mean, we talked to you about ready-to-drink, Capri Sun and we talked to you about 
volumes being soft in the category. We've had some packaging issues. There are some general consumer trends, as you 
know, in the sugar-sweetened, high-fructose corn sweetened area that are going against us. Looking forward, we've got 
some great packaging improvements to highlight Capri Sun's unique point of difference, which is no preservatives. 
We've also got some work going on with some news to come on new more popular sweeteners with moms. Those are 
the key areas you will see changes in. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Great. Thank you. 


Operator 

The next question comes from Rob Moskow from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Hi. Hey, Tony, I was thinking if you've launched Kraft dried prunes we could talk about 
pruning for another year. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Very funny, Rob. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: It's the end of the day. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Okay. So I was wondering – I know you don't have annual guidance for us, but when 
you're giving targets to your business managers, you must have annual targets. So, is it fair to say that those targets are 
pretty much in line with your long-term type of goals as well? There's nothing unusual about 2014 in that regard 
internally in your targets. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Keep in mind, it's all about revenue-driven profit growth and they've got three different targets. I 
think this is in the Ks and it's top line, it's OI, and it's cash flow. So, I will tell you in general, it's different by category, 
you know we're in a lot of categories, but in general the business units have a target which is to grow faster than their 
market and key competitor. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Okay. That's as close as I'm going to get there. And... 

<A - Tony Vernon>: You complimented us on this in your insightful 82-page note. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: I did. And lastly, after complimenting you in that note, then I came down pretty hard on the 
third quarter. So I was citing some businesses that seem to be where the declines were accelerating. It seem like – I call 
them sick businesses. Now you're saying that JELL-O, there's some signs of life there. There's some signs of life in 
salad dressing. Have those declines – when you look at those sick businesses, have they've gotten less bad and do you 
feel like you're bottoming out when you look at those? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: So I thought you did have an insightful note on that. So, 11 of 17 categories, the same ones you 
measure and Nielsen, are growing faster than their market and key competitor. That's 68% of our volume and it's up 25 
points from year ago. However, in the six that you talked about, we're down to a degree that we basically over-wash 
those 11. 

Category by category, I pointed them out, I want to be transparent about it and we just talked about Capri Sun, Cold 
Cuts, I have made it into a poster boy for detail. I feel good about the progress we're making and I'm going to continue 
to talk about those and focus you on them because at the end of the day that will determine the turnaround. And in 
those categories, we got some really important brands from JELL-O to Capri Sun. It's challenging, but we like our 
chances. You even pointed this out. Who would've thought cheese would be the star category in food and beverage? 
And if we can turnaround cheese, can we turn around JELL-O? You bet. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll leave it there. 

Operator 

The next question comes from David Driscoll from Citigroup. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: Great. Thank you. Good evening. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Hey, David. 


<Q - David C. Driscoll>: Teri, can you just reconcile a couple of numbers on the fourth quarter? Did lower 
restructuring costs benefit the quarter by, I think, $0.06 and maybe you lower tax by a penny? Are those numbers about 
right? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. We'll get back to you on the specifics. So, the restructuring sounds about right. In fact, 
probably about right ,maybe just a bit more. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: Maybe just a bit more. Okay. And then, EPS. So you don't want to give a target each year, 
but you give this page that says a mid to high single-digits, so that's a 4% to 9% range. But then you're specific about a 
soft first quarter and you call out a number of explicit challenges. Are we supposed to read the tarot cards, the fortune 
cookie, whatever it is that you like the best that this is at the lower end of the range? Is that the telegraph by these 
comments on the first quarter or is it the comments on the first quarter are just specific to Q1 and don't try to take that 
to the full year? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: So our progress, we're not going to be really detailed on the guidance we've provided by line 
item or by categories. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: That's clear. 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: So we didn't call out a few of those things. And the way to think about it is front-half, 
back-half, we should be fairly consistent with the long-term objectives that we've laid out. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: And then final comment is just simply, ConAgra made some pretty important comments 
about pricing pressures on branded foods. Can you give us your take on it? I mean, a massive portfolio, you certainly 
are in these conversations with the retailers daily. Do you see the pressures from the retailers as something significantly 
different today than maybe what we've seen in prior years? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Honestly I don't, David. I mean, I think it's a strapped consumer that's the more important 
dynamic than it is commodities or those things. It's not surprising that our retailers are really pushing value and doing a 
lot of price matching. But we and the rest of the industry need to continue providing a playbook that addresses 
consumer needs. 

Private label's not growing. So it's a question of giving the consumers what they need, whether they're a millennial, 
they're a Hispanic, they're a strapped mom or they're looking for health and wellness options. And I feel, as I said, 
pretty good about our pricing power because we are in the midst of this regeneration, rejuvenation of our brands with 
innovation and equity. 

But, hey, good-better-best has been the key to the success we've had in those categories that were doing well and it 
really does address what the retailers are looking for. 

<Q - David C. Driscoll>: Okay. Thanks for the comments, and nice 2013. See ya at CAGNY. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Thanks a lot. See ya. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Thilo Wrede from Jefferies. 

<Q - Thilo Wrede>: Hey, Tony, I also wanted to ask you about your comment that volumes are growing slower than 
population and it has been going on for a while. Do you have any updated thoughts for us on where the calories are 
really coming from these days? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: It's a great question. I mean I thought there were some good notes written on this. The food 
budget is the one area that in the short term a family can manage. They can't manage their electricity, their mortgage, 
their gas, those things they got to have if they want to get to work, keep their house and pay their mortgage. And you 
do see food getting hit and being pushed. 


I look forward to doing this at CAGNY in pretty great detail, because I think that's the place where we're really going to 
get into some of these behaviors and how we think we're uniquely positioned to show you there's some growth in some 
key cohorts. 

<Q - Thilo Wrede>: Okay. Then let me ask then, and I don't want to steal your CAGNY thunder, so I fully understand, 
but let me ask you a related question. Given these weak volumes, how often do you have to call your brand managers 
or maybe how often do your business heads have to call their brand managers into the office to make sure that they 
really hold the line on pricing and that pricing isn't used for the brand managers to drive volumes? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: We've been very disciplined on PNOC. We look at it on a two-year spec and we're ahead. I'm 
proud of it and I think that that call is the foundation of how we reinvest in our brands. You've seen that we haven't 
fallen into the promotional gain, as the only one that – I think, the only one that grew double digit in advertising, and 
they're telling me it's more than double digits, it's mid-teens. We're going to continue to reinvest in the equity of our 
brands and not fall into that promotional trap. 

<Q - Thilo Wrede>: All right, thanks a lot. I'm looking forward to your explanations at CAGNY. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Jonathan Feeney from Janney. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Jonathan. 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: Good evening. Thanks very much. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: 12 inches of Philadelphia snow, huh? 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: I know. Unbelievable, right? Nothing to do but settle down and eat some good Kraft food. 
So, a couple detailed questions; maybe if I could get at the cost savings question a little different way. Just to get us in 
the ballpark, can you talk about the hurdle rates you use when you think about the restructuring program? What's the 
hurdle rate for: above this, we do the project; below this, we don't do the project? If you just get us in the ballpark, I'd 
appreciate it. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Not sure we want to give this away, Jonathan. 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: And it's not as simple as just the math, right? So a lot of times, obviously, we have very 
disciplined hurdle rates as we look at projects. But a lot of times, there's strategic value; there's long-term benefit. So, 
it's a pretty robust process as we think through what are all the choices we have with limited funds and how we want to 
prioritize those, et cetera. But clearly, we're looking at a risk-adjusted ROI as a big factor in making that determination. 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: Okay. All right. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: I will say this, Jonathan, [ph] if five's not in three quarters, (54:33) my hurdle rate is lower than 
Teri's [ph] at six was (54:37). 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: Good to know. Okay. I'll factor that into my analysis. Just I guess one other bigger picture 
question. When I looked over your categories, I was a little struck by – you look at that snacks business where nut 
prices have come down a little bit. You didn't really – categories where you've had the price and volumes didn't really 
get hit too badly. Categories where prices have come down, it didn't really grow the category as much. 

We heard a lot of couple years ago about that shopper who's got $100 in his or her pocket and they walk in and they 
have to just buy less of stuff because they only have $100 to spend. Are we seeing less of that maybe and maybe less – 
the consumer's a little bit – they're certainly value focused, it's certainly super competitive but maybe a little bit less 
inspired by discounting and promotion as they were before? 


<A - Tony Vernon>: Well, I hope you're seeing it on Kraft brands because I think the power of our brands... 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: Well, I always pay full price. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Right. Yeah. By the way you've mentioned Planters [ph] where they have (55:42) 400 too many 
SKUs at every price point, [indiscernible] (55:46). But the reality is that our goal is to offer the right priced to Kraft 
product at the right moment. And in the snack world that means you're featuring different things at different times of 
the month. And I think that's why you saw Planters especially hold up so well. 

<Q - Jonathan P. Feeney>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

The next question comes from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo. 

<Q - John J. Baumgartner>: Thanks, good afternoon. Tony, just looking back at the beverages business, on coffee, 
you've seen the futures curve really adjust upwards. It seems you'll need to take cost pricer at some point before the 
year is over. So just given the state of the consumer, are you confident you can essentially pass through those costs 
without seeing more of unusually high elasticity response from here? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. Tough to forecast pricing. I feel pretty good about the portfolio and how it's demonstrated, 
over the last 18 months, resilience whether price goes up or down. The beauty to me of the Kraft portfolio and the 
reason we are so serious about Keurig-compatible cups in Tassimo is that it gives us good-better-best in a beautiful way 
with the Maxwell House, then Gevalia and then K-Cups and Tassimo compatible K-Cups. Now, we add McDonald's to 
that mix, we have even more price offerings. So, for me, I think it's the best way to deal with the switching consumer 
who is trading up or down depending on their need in the coffee category. 

<Q - John J. Baumgartner>: Okay. And then, just as a follow-up, in terms of the MiO cannibalization of powdered 
beverages, what's your thoughts on that in 2014? Did you get to the stabilization at some point of volume decline or 
you just keep slow grind downwards from here? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Well, less so, it's the Tale of Two Cities, right? MiO is growing by leaps and bounds still we did 
take our eye off the ball. As Dino Bianco, who heads our beverages would be the first person to tell you that in all of 
the MiO excitement and we introduced the big Kool-Aid and Crystal Light line extension, Crystal Light powder sort of 
took the backseat. 

Now, the good news is that MiO is accretive on the margin dollar and percent end, so cannibalizing ourselves, we go up 
but the reality is we got a mixture of that big multi-hundred million dollar Crystal Light business maintains its 
relevance and you'll see a lot of thing coming on that in the powder area. 

<Q - John J. Baumgartner>: Okay. Thanks, Tony. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Diane Geissler from CLSA. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Hi, Diane. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: I just have a question for you. Just looking back at your long-term growth algorithm that you 
gave us back during the split... 


<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: With operating income growth of mid-single digits and EPS mid to high single digit which 
obviously would show that there is some leverage below the operating line that you've included when you gave us this 
target. And. I guess. my question is you announced in December, a fairly substantial share repo program, and I 
understand you may not do it all tomorrow but presuming that you do that over some reasonable period of time to what 
extent would that change this growth algorithm or was that included when you gave the original guidance back in 
September of 2012? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. That was basically anticipated. We have some option solution that we knew we would 
have share repurchase. We also saw the potential for the cash build-up that would give us that flexibility going forward. 
So, that's not incremental to the long-term guidance that we had in place. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah, Diane. I think when you think about it, as we model it out, our expected performance, 
going forward, there was always an assumption for use of free cash flow, right? But we didn't really earmark it then, 
we're not earmarking it now, but obviously there's some cash flow that you generate in between servicing the dividend 
and reinvesting back in the business or doing share repurchase, we would expect some performance from those 
investments. So hence – and that's how you got to a little bit of leverage between OI and EPS. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Thanks, Diane. Maybe one more today? 

Operator 

The final question comes from Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Matthew C. Grainger>: Hi. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for the final question here. Tony, this might be 
CAGNY issue as well, but I just wanted to revisit your cautious commentary on the SNAP program cuts and the fact 
that you've put it in writing, included in the presentation, I want to attach some importance to it. So I just wanted to see 
if there's any anecdotal commentary you can give us as far as specific categories within your business or area of the 
store that you see being impacted whether you're observing lower volumes, lower traffic, trade down, just anything to 
contextualize it? 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Yeah, I sure will. First, on SNAP, and I get quoted a lot and it's – Kraft feeds America's families 
and it's got to be all America's families. The unfortunate reality for all of us is that hunger is a very real problem. With 
so many people facing the challenges, we believe SNAP can be an important tool and this is the industry's position in 
the fight against hunger providing real assistance to struggling Americans. 

We've done a good job and I'm going to talk at CAGNY about where I think we're underdeveloped or developed. 
We've done a good job making sure that we work to feed America's families and we do it through good-better-best 
pricing and ensuring our brands are accessible in all of the channels we shop and there's been some good research 
written by you guys about channels that we should be bigger in and we're going to talk about that at CAGNY. 

In terms of volume, I've seen you guys report on how much volume it is of ours or somebody else's. I don't think you're 
that far off, but it's not an exact science. We don't report against the data. I don't think the data is that clean. I think 
SNAP consumers are an important group for us to serve and we've got to do with all the pieces of our portfolio that we 
can. I don't believe – I think somebody wrote that it's pushing on a string to pursue them, and I don't believe that 
because we have plants that have 30% capacity now because of Lean Six Sigma and we have ways that we can package 
with margins that are put the money in the bank to make sure we're serving these American families. 

<Q - Matthew C. Grainger>: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Tony. See you next week. 

<A - Tony Vernon>: Okay. 


Operator 

I am showing no further questions, I would now like to turn the call back over to Chris Jakubik. 

Christopher M. Jakubik 

All right, thanks everyone for joining us tonight. If there are any follow up questions from any of the analysts and 
investors, Doug DuMars and I will be around to take those questions. And for anybody from the media with follow ups, 
[indiscernible] (1:03:25) and Basil Maglaris will be around. 

So thanks again for joining us this evening and we'll see you next week. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Again, thank you for your participation. You may 
all disconnect. Have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


