Q1 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Christopher M. Jakubik 
• William Anthony Vernon 
• Teri L. List-Stoll 
Other Participants 

• Matthew C. Grainger 
• Bryan D. Spillane 
• Christopher R. Growe 
• Jason M. English 
• John J. Baumgartner 
• Alexia J. Howard 
• Andrew Lazar 
• Kenneth B. Goldman 
• Robert B. Moskow 
• David S. Palmer 
• Eric R. Katzman 
• Diane R. Geissler 
• Kenneth B. Zaslow 
• Cornell R. Burnette 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kraft Foods Group First Quarter Results Call. At this time, all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will 
follow at that time. 

I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Christopher M. Jakubik 

Good afternoon, and thanks for joining our business update for the first quarter of 2014. I'd like to start by apologizing 
for the delay here. We used to only get about 100 or 150 people dialing in to this. It looks like we got about more or 
like 300, 400 people dialing in. So we figured it was either because Teri is arrived or because we've made everybody a 
shareholder in the company. Either way, we're happy with that. 

So, with me today are Tony Vernon, our CEO; and Teri List-Stoll, our CFO. 

During our remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual 
results may differ due to risks and uncertainties. These are discussed in our press release. We'll also be discussing some 
non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within 
our press release and in the Investor Center of kraftfoodsgroup.com. 


Now, I'll hand it over to Tony and Teri to discuss our first quarter results, as well as the current state of our business. 

William Anthony Vernon 

Thanks, Chris, and thanks to everyone for joining us to discuss our results. For those of you on Twitter, a 140 character 
version of our business update can be found in the three bullets on slide three of today's presentation. First, as expected, 
and as we flagged last quarter, 2014 got off to a soft start for both Kraft and our industry. Second, our first quarter 
financial results were largely driven by the timing of certain factors, including a shift of shipments into Q2 for the 
Easter holiday and costs related to our brand building investments. Frankly, there is quite a bit of noise in the analysis 
of our financial performance versus the prior year, noise that Teri will cover in a minute. 

And third, but most importantly, we continue to make headway in executing against our playbook, the same playbook 
we laid out at CAGNY in February. As we said before, we are managing our business for the long-term and not 
quarter-by-quarter. We expect that you'll see the benefits of our investments and our efforts as the year unfolds and our 
comparisons get cleaner. 

Now, that's the short form of our quarter, but no doubt you're interested in a little more color on each aspect of what 
we've been up to. So, let me first talk about some of the marketplace and timing dynamics that affected sales and 
consumption in the first quarter of 2014 and what we can expect to see in the coming months. 

As we said on the fourth quarter call, we expected to see some of the same headwinds that impacted the North 
American food and beverage market in 2013 continue as we enter 2014. And what we saw in quarter one was indeed 
consistent with our expectations; industry consumption growth, lagged population growth both of the U.S and Canada 
and we would expect unit growth to remain below population growth in the near-term. The causes and the state of the 
consumer are much the same as we've talked about of late. 

The impact of reductions to the SNAP program continue to be significant for the many American families receiving 
those benefits, and the employment ratio and under employment continued to lag the improvement in the headline 
unemployment rate. More recently, we've even seen evidence of cost pressures on lower and middle income 
households due to higher heating bills and even middle and upper middle income consumers incrementally impacted by 
larger 2013 tax bills, and this was most visible as we got into March and April. But we would expect these more recent 
factors to fade as we move forward into the remainder of the year. 

Our retail customers also continued to cope with the effects of decreased traffic. If you recall from our fourth quarter 
commentary, we believed our retail customers ended the year with upwards of one more day of inventory than they 
normally carry, because of a weaker holiday sell through. During the first quarter of this year, we believe retail 
customer inventories returned to more normal levels versus the higher than normal yearend levels. And this adversely 
affected our shipments in quarter one. 

And finally, as we also mentioned on our fourth quarter call, the Easter shift negatively impacted Kraft consumption, 
our sales growth, and our market share performance in the first quarter. Teri will cover the magnitude of the sales 
impact in a minute, but on market share, as you expect, leading brands tend to over index during holiday drive periods 
in general, and comparing against that period that included Easter, last year negatively impacted our recent market 
share data. 

For instance, during the first three months of this year, slightly more than half of our U.S. businesses held or grew share 
versus what we said was roughly two-thirds of our businesses during the 52 weeks of 2013. In part, this was due to 
Philly cream cheese, one of our big Easter holiday categories falling off the list. That said, we would expect to see 
improvement in April scanner data as Easter sales come into play. 

So from a top line and share performance perspective, our first half results should be a much better indicator of our 
growth and our progress versus the industry. The same can be set for the broader set of our quarter one financial results, 
which is a great place to hand it off to Teri. 


Teri L. List-Stoll 

Thanks, Tony, and good afternoon, everyone. Certainly, the Easter shift held back organic revenue growth and 
consequently impacted total profit. In February, we talked about a shift of as much as $150 million of high margin sales 
into the second quarter of 2014 versus what it occurred in the first quarter of last year, and ended up being somewhat 
less than what we had anticipated. 

The problem we have with isolating just Easter however is the coincident impact of the retail trade inventory reductions 
from year-end levels that Tony mentioned. It's not really a precise sign. So what I would say is, our consumption 
analysis included both the Easter shift and the normalization of trade inventories, which was approximately three 
percentage points, meaning Easter was a little less than that. 

So while we would certainly expect the Easter shift to benefit our year-over-year growth in the second quarter, we're 
unlikely to see a full 300 basis point benefit. Our results in the first quarter also reflected important investments in our 
brands, the benefit of which we expect to realize in the quarters ahead. You would have seen this as a bit of a spike in 
our SG&A line versus the prior year. This reflects two factors, both related to marketing. The first was advertizing 
spending coming into the P&L earlier than last year due to the timing of our spending plan this year versus how things 
played out last year. 

Recall last year we ramped up our spending during the year. Overall, what you're seeing in the quarter are higher 
advertising expenses versus last year, but as we look across the year, we expect advertising expenses will be more 
evenly spread across the quarters this year than what you saw last year. 

The other factor is the marketing related to expenses that we capture within overhead costs. Here the higher cost versus 
last year include investments and marketing services capabilities that are part of our broader plans to reinvent 
marketing, which we talked about at CAGNY. So in the case of first quarter revenue and SG&A, timing worked against 
our growth rates and our comparisons in Q1. 

That said, several favorable timing factors benefited Q1 EPS for to be specific. And I know there is going to be quite a 
bit here, so I'll try to walk through in enough detail for you to follow the flow. First was the market based impact to 
post employment benefit plans. This was the result of the re-measurement at the end of December last year. We 
capitalized an aggregate benefit of $49 million from market based impacts related to our pension and post retirement 
plans into inventory at that time. That's because, we allocate labor costs on a per unit basis in each period and some of 
the units produced in the fourth quarter went into inventory. As that inventory was sold in the first quarter, the benefit 
flowed through our P&L. As of the end of March, the entire $49 million benefit previously capitalized within 
inventory, was recognized in cost of sales. 

Second was spending on our cost-savings initiatives. As we expected, our project stream was pacing at a slower rate in 
the first quarter than we expect for the full year. As a result, while we only booked $14 million in the first quarter, we 
continue to expect that total spend could be upwards of $150 million for the full year. 

Third was an unrealized gain from hedging activities. Again, another timing factor, this one influencing and flowing 
through cost of goods sold in the first quarter. It amounted to a $47 million or a $0.05 earnings per share favorability in 
the quarter. 

And finally was the timing of discrete tax items that led to a tax rate in the first quarter that was lower than the 34% 
annual run rate that we've talked about in the past. The way I would look at the impact of these last three factors; the 
spending on cost savings initiatives, the unrealized gain from hedging activities, and the lower effective tax rate is that 
they're really just a pull forward of earnings that we would have expected in the subsequent three quarters of the current 
year. 

So, as you can see, there were a good number of both favorable and unfavorable factors affecting our year-over-year 
growth on almost every line of our P&L. In the end, however, despite all these puts and takes in the quarter, we do 
think that our typical first half, second half revenue and profit seasonality will hold in 2014. Specifically, that is a dollar 
revenue split that's roughly 50-50 first half versus second half, and earnings per share that are a bit more weighted 


toward the first half of the year. 

Now, I'll turn it back to Tony to talk about some of our key initiatives in the first quarter. 

William Anthony Vernon 

Thanks, Teri. Now back to what we're doing to drive profitable growth for the full year and beyond. When we met with 
many of you at CAGNY, we talked about how we're evolving our playbook. And in the first quarter of this year, we 
continue to make steady progress. First, we've taken our best-in-class innovation model and have been extending into 
brand renovation. A great example is Lunchables. This franchise continues to be on a role as the launch of Lunchables 
Uploaded has expanded the brand's appeal to an older teen demographic and led to strong growth throughout last year 
and continuing into first quarter this year. 

This success is complemented by the launch of our newest innovation in quarter one, Lunchables/Kabobbles. 
Kabobbles, that's just fun for me to say as it must be for the kids to eat. We're planning to take that kind of success and 
extend it to our protein platforms. As we pointed out at CAGNY, protein continues to be hot and we're delivering 
innovation and renovation in response to this growth trend. 

We launched P3 in quarter one, Protein Power Packs that bring together Kraft's Holy Trinity, Oscar Mayer Selects 
meat, Kraft Natural Cheese and Planters nuts. P3 is bringing buyers to the Oscar Mayer franchise, new ones like 
Millennials as it extends the brand into the wholesome protein snacking area. It is early days, but as P3 continues to 
build trial in market, we're encouraged and that we're seeing a successfully source volume from a variety of protein 
snaking categories, while also creating new protein usage occasions. 

In cold cuts, we're renovating our Deli Fresh Line with a new look, bold flavors and a new campaign launched on 
March 31. Our goal, bring excitement and traffic back to the cold cuts category. And our Deli Fresh renovation is 
launching on the back of a more positive set of numbers over the last 13 weeks, an improvement in our share trend, 
consumption growth for Oscar Mayer and category growth for our customers. 

And in cheese, we're renovating our Kraft Singles franchise with Kraft American Singles now made with no artificial 
preservatives and a new marketing and public relations campaign, showcasing the goodness of Singles. This renovation 
serves as part of a larger good, better, best strategy in cheese slices that is driving consumption, volume and share gains 
for Kraft. 

Outside of protein in solid dressings, we're making good progress fixing our base product quality and improving our 
share of voice with stronger advertising. It's a first step, but we like the progress we're seeing in consumer response and 
the trends in our consumption data. We know we won't bet a 1,000 in this scheme. We will always need to evolve our 
brands and messaging to reflect our changing consumers and while I know that I have expressed optimism in the past, 
JELL-O is one example that's gotten less traction than we'd like to have seen so far. We're still diagnosing what aspects 
of the rejuvenation are on target, and which ones aren't, but I have great confidence in our team and the potential of this 
iconic brand. More to come on JELL-O. 

In addition to renovation and innovation, we're also redefining great marketing with breakthrough and buzz-worthy 
public relations and social media campaigns. For example, Oscar Mayer's Twitter campaign to lease the iconic 
Wienermobile for a day and its disruptive wake up and smell the bacon app, which got all sorts of press and social 
media word of mouth, and the continuation of edgy and impactful new TV ads from Miracle Whip, with an added focus 
on recipes. And our most successful Hockeyville campaign to-date for Kraft Canada, where we had more than 500 
communities in Canada nominated to become this year's Hockeyville, more consumer voting than ever, and Kraft scale 
in store merchandising coast-to-coast across Canada, but we are not stopping there. 

Here is a preview of what we have cooking in quarter two, a Maxwell House rejuvenation campaign with new 
packaging and a focus on the good things in life, like a good cup of coffee that's good to the last drop. Mr. Peanut is at 
it again, launching new Planters flavored peanuts, a clever and targeted new A1 ad campaign and the roll out of our 
Philadelphia soft cream cheese, a renovation that we shared with you at CAGNY. In total, we are breaking new ad 


campaigns on 13 franchises or big bets between quarter one and quarter two this year. 

Overall, there is still more work to do. But we continue to make progress, rejuvenating our portfolio brand by brand. 
Now, we also know that we have to pay for it while still growing our earnings. Teri? 

Teri L. List-Stoll 

Thanks, Tony. As we talked about at CAGNY, the fuel for all these programs is effective total cost management. As 
you saw in our earnings report today, productivity was again a meaningful positive contributor in the quarter and 
helped to fund our investments in marketing. Beyond the numbers, we've continued to make progress in areas like 
collaborative supplier integration that will set us up well for the future. For instance, in pallets, we partnered with an 
industry leader to standardize pallet specification from suppliers true to us, to our customers. And this should reduce 
our pallet cost by 20% over the coming year or so. 

In cashews, we formed a strategic partnership to create a seamless supply chain from origin to our plants, which we 
expect will reduce breakage by 80% and improve our yield of whole cashews. And in cornstarch, by working 
collaboratively with the supplier we've named our category captain, we found ways to reduce specifications, streamline 
logistics and eliminate waste. The bottom-line being a reduction in our use of cornstarch by up to 30% in certain 
applications. While these may not seem like large items in the absolute, we have hundreds of these opportunities. Total 
cost management is about leading no stone unturned and no lever unfold. 

Now, when you're climbing the commodity cost curve, productivity is not sufficient, particularly with businesses like 
cheese, meat, and coffee, that are either experiencing or will soon be experiencing, upward cost pressure. In fact, we're 
seeing truly unprecedented price levels, in certain parts of our commodity baskets. 

As examples, average barrel cheese market prices were $2.21 in the first quarter this year, up 37% versus Q1 of last 
year, and the highest rate in any first quarter we have on record. Pork bellies averaged $1.81 in April, up 27% from 
$1.43 a year ago, and the highest price we've ever seen for any month. And Turkey Breast prices averaged $3.22 in 
April, up more than 100% from the $1.56 a year ago, and also the highest for any month on record. To meet these 
challenges, we're taking swift and significant actions. 

In March, price increases of between 5% and 12% took effect across most of our cheese portfolio. Despite that, we're 
expecting another sold performance on both the top and bottom-line from our U.S. cheese business in 2014. And as 
recently as this past Monday, Oscar Mayer announced pricing across approximately 50% of its cold cuts portfolio, with 
an average increase of 10%, due to the sharp run-up in meats and grains. List price increases on cold cuts will be 
effective May 25. 

And in bacon, we continue to price bacon relative to the recent highs we're seeing in the pork belly market. In fact, 
year-to-date we've implemented or announced price increases on products representing approximately 45% of our 
portfolio. And I know that there haven't been any list price increases announced this year in the coffee category by 
either us or the category leader despite higher green coffee prices. 

Obviously, we likely will see some temporary dislocation in market share performance and the timing of cost versus 
price realization due to these pricing actions. Having said that, we feel good about our ability to manage our cost over 
time and still deliver against our long-term growth algorithm. 

We also continue to see the benefits of emphasizing the importance of cash in our daily operations. This led to free cash 
flow of $175 million in the first quarter of this year. That's $28 million higher than last year and the second year in a 
row that we've generated positive free cash flow versus our historical norm of being a net cash user in the first quarter. 
And consistent with our commitment to a strong dividend, we paid out $313 million this quarter in support of the 3.7% 
yield on our stock. 

We also began share repurchases under our $3 billion program that we put in place last December. We've purchased 
approximately 2.2 million shares for approximately $124 million under the program. So, we continue to be pleased 


with our progress on cost and on cash, but there is more road ahead of us and we can't take our foot of the pedal. 

With that, I'll turn it back over to Tony to close things out. 

William Anthony Vernon 

Okay. I'll warp up our opening comments by saying that despite all the noise in our first quarter financials and the 
tough environment we all face, we continue to make solid progress in remaking Kraft Foods to an industry leader. 
More impotently, while we anticipated the soft start to the year, we stay true to our approach, relentlessly focused on 
our playbook and driving profitable top-line growth. As a result, we remained well positioned to grow our portfolio of 
great brands, faster than the North American food and beverage industry. Yes, we have more work to do and no, we're 
not yet firing on all cylinders. But, we are very confident that our focus on brand renovation, marketing excellence and 
total cost management will drive the profitable growth that we all expect. 

Now, we'll be delighted to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matthew Grainger from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 

<Q - Matthew C. Grainger>: Hi, good evening, everyone. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Matthew. 

<Q - Matthew C. Grainger>: Hi. Teri, I guess, could you give us a sense of where PNOC came out across the overall 
portfolio for Q1. And, yeah, I think it seems like, it was clearly positive in cheese despite the fact that last quarter your 
language is maybe a bit more cautious about being behind the curve. On a few commodities, what enabled you to pass 
that through a bit more or were you able to pass that through a bit more efficiently than you might have initially 
thought? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. What's interesting about the quarter is in fact our total commodity costs were actually 
down in the quarter, which is largely reflective of where coffee cost were this year versus last. So, we did have a higher 
dairy cost flowing through. So, there isn't a real good quantitative number for me to give you in response to your 
question. But, what I can tell you is that, you can see, if I just t he speed with which we've move forward on the pricing 
that our commitment to the PNOC discipline that we've instilled here at Kraft remains very strong. And we also have 
good confidence in the strength of our brands to carry those price increases, and we're seeing it in the cheese results, 
and we expect to see it on the remainder of the business as well. 

<Q - Matthew C. Grainger>: Okay. Thanks. And just to quickly follow up on the cheese dynamic. Are there any 
initial thoughts either you or Tony can offer on the consumer reaction to the price increases, how private label or other 
competitors are responding, and whether there has been any short-term market share implications that you're already 
seeing? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Mathew, I'd say definitely too soon to see, but of all the franchises that have the 
playbook in place, I would point to cheese as the top, a good, better, best, the price steering, the innovation and 
renovation, great equity advertising. I think that as Teri said, the PNOC discipline, combined with the full 
implementation of the playbook will make this a very smart decision. 

<Q - Matthew C. Grainger>: Okay. All right. Thank you, both. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Hey. Good afternoon. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hey, Bryan. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: So, just two questions. One is Teri, if you can just help us we're trying to reconcile the 
operating profit bridge from 1Q 2013 to 2014, and if you strip out the mark-to-market benefits, operating profit was 
about flat, about $105 million benefit from lower spending on restructuring initiatives. And in productivity, we've been 
positive. And I guess there was some deleveraging because of volume. Could you just give us a sense for how much 
maybe productivity would've contributed to the quarter, and then also maybe how much there the marketing, and 
advertising expenses were up? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. So, I might as well take you through a detailed reconciliation, particularly against your 
own models and expectations. But you've got the right components. You can see the productivity benefit if you focus 
on the gross margin linea And if you take out the one-time items there, you can see improvement in gross margin, 
which is a reflection of the productivity we're realizing in the quarter. And then as you go through down to operating 
income, you're exactly right that there's a little less restructuring in the first quarter versus what you might have 
modeled. And then don't forget to take out the unrealized hedging gains as you think about that too, because that's a bit 
of a one timer. So at the end of the day gross margin is up, when you take out the non-recurring kinds of adjustments 
and operating income is about flat. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: So -- and I guess, what I was after was that the productivity component that you saw in the 
first quarter, is it consistent with what you were seeing in the second half, were there any change in trend in terms of 
how much productivity was delivering? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: The productivity in the first quarter is at a slightly slower rate than it was at the end of the 
year, which is pretty consistent. You saw it also in our cost savings initiative spending where that's a little slower at the 
beginning of the year and then we expect it to ramp up as the year goes on. 

<Q - Bryan D. Spillane>: Okay. Thank you. And then, Tony could you just -- now that you should know that where 
Easter kind of sell out, could you give us a sense of where market shares or where you think market shares might have 
shook out now that Easter has occurred and maybe just some sense of how April trended relative to the first quarter? 
Thanks. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. I'm always going to encourage us not to look at one week, two weeks on 
holiday. Until we're able to compile all of the post-Easter sale data, we won't really have a real crisp picture on 
consumption. We think we have strong programs in place. I do realize I'm saying this and you guys are looking at IRI's 
as I'm talking, but I would rather not have bulls or bears run. It was an important holiday, but Memorial Day July 4, and 
Labor Day, back-to-school are just as important. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Growe with Stifel. Your line is open. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Hi, good evening. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hey, Chris. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Hi. I just had a question for you, a bit of a follow-on to Bryan's question and that in the 
quarter you had some higher marketing costs. And I guess, also some higher overhead-related marketing costs. So, I'm 
just curious if you have more of a stable level of marketing quarter-to-quarter through the year, are there some of these 
ongoing sort of overhead-related costs that will be with us through the year? Can you quantify that? 


<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. We don't break out the split of the marketing spending, but I think it is fair to say that 
what we're doing this year because we have the plans in place at the beginning of the year as we are getting that more 
ratable recognition. So, I do think the pattern of spending that you see in the first quarter is fairly predictive of what we 
would see throughout the year. 

<A - Christopher M. Jakubik>: Yeah. And really, Chris I think as you look at the year-over-year, the pop in SG&A 
had as much to do with the prior year level. So if we have more of a level spending throughout the year this year, you 
shouldn't see that magnitude of pop that you saw in the first quarter. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Sure, okay. And just a quick follow-on, Tony, you had outlined at CAGNY about sort 
of Kraft 2.0 and some of the aspects of that program being – getting some new channels, new product opportunities and 
healthier varieties. I'm just curious if – does that develop through the year? I'm not looking at a perfect timeline, and 
I'm sure every category is different, but just curious how that plays out through the year? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. I'm actually glad you asked, Chris. You'll remember 2.0 for us was basically a 
5-point plan to go after what we saw as growth in our industry, growing cohorts, number one, Millennials and 
Hispanics, especially the opportunity for health and wellness choices for consumers. Number two, financially strapped 
household and families that we want to make sure we offer pricing to both ends of the barbell. The tech-savvy 
consumers, where we feel we have an advantage with our billion recipe interactions a year. And last and what you 
mentioned is the alternate channel shopper. It's going to be through the course of the year. I gave some examples in my 
speech of how we're targeting millennials. The reality is that on all five of those points, we feel we made steady 
progress. And we didn't call out the alternate channel's growth, but we're going to grow faster than what Kantar says, 
alternate channel says. And we thought first quarter gave a hint of that, but we're in it for the long-term and all five of 
those points are key to restoring Kraft to greatness in marketing. 

<Q - Christopher R. Growe>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jason M. English>: Hey, good afternoon, folks. Thank you for the question. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Jason. 

<Q - Jason M. English>: I wanted to probe a little more on input cost outlook. I for one was surprised that you 
actually experienced a bit of deflation all in the quarter. As we think forward, what sort of magnitude of inflation do 
you expect growth of the P&L based on what you see today and what made the cadence of that look like? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. So, we're better at pricing for commodities than we are at actually predicting them out 
into the future, but based on what we see today we're seeing coffee prices up now, we talked about meats being up now. 
And the cheese obviously has already started to be reflected. So, I don't know, Chris, if you have a specific – I don't 
have a specific number to really give you in terms of how to project that forward. But I can tell you that the commodity 
cost escalation will be more pronounced in the second quarter, but fortunately so will some of our pricing. But it's 
going to be not perfectly matched in the short-term here as we work through cost increases, pricing, market share 
effects. It does make for a little bit harder to get to stability. 

<A - Christopher M. Jakubik>: Yeah. I think what you saw in the first quarter, Jason was that the run up in coffee 
that we're seeing right now that you see in the spot markets has been pretty dramatic over the course of the year. So, in 
the first quarter we were still comparing against a period where the green coffee costs were still rather low. It has run 
up and I think in – as we move forward the whole picture on year-on-year commodities is going to be probably pretty 
dramatically different than what you saw in the first quarter. 

<Q - Jason M. English>: I can appreciate that. Moving in quickly to holding share as you raise price, I guess a little bit 
back to Grainger's question. Last time we went through the upward pricing cycle in coffee. You've really took it on the 


chin in roasting ground with market share. What's different today that may cause that share pattern to be different? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. Good question, Jason. I mean, I think we all know that pricing in the absence 
of product news, great equity advertising, good-better-best hearing is recipe for bad elasticity. But this – what's 
changed is that point I made about 13 new ad campaigns this quarter and next. Maxwell House is one of the big 
campaigns and it went on the air just a month ago. We know it tested well. We know we got the packaging and pricing 
and promotion calendar that we want. So, I think it's quite a difference. We also feel great about the other coffee 
offerings, right, Gevalia, the pods that have been frankly our best new product in five years. So, coffee is hot at Kraft 
right now. The trends are good and we think the elasticity and confidence we have is much different than the last time. 

<Q - Jason M. English>: Good stuff, guys. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Thanks, Jason. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 

<Q - John J. Baumgartner>: Great. Thanks for the question. Yeah. Tony, just a follow-up there in terms of the coffee 
portfolio and your efforts there on premium, can you just walk a little bit more through the café rollout and the test 
market there and your progress in single serve? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: You bet. So, we're excited about this partnership, as you can imagine. If you were in 
Chicago, these are two great Chicago companies coming together in a great growing category with the caffeinization of 
America as a wind at our back. We like what we've seen in the test markets. It's early. These are four test markets. We 
know there is a lot of interest across all of our trade customers from value to club and we see a great demographic fit. 
And yes, it is in both sides of the offering, not just roast and ground, but pods. And so, couldn't be more excited, but 
obviously, we got to have a winning test market. 

<Q - John J. Baumgartner>: Thanks, Tony. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: Good evening, everyone. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi Alexia. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: Hi there. Couple of questions. You've obviously being going through the restructuring 
program for the last couple of years. Other companies seem to be getting maybe a little bit more intense with their cost 
cutting efforts at the moment, all the ways that you could take that to another level or are you confident that you're 
pretty much done with it when it's completed? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Alexia, maybe I'll start there and Tony you can chime in. The thing about our total cost 
management approach is that it isn't an episodic program, it doesn't really have an end. So as we think about it, 
productivity is a fact of life for us. And so, we're really – and that's why some of the examples I gave today were not 
huge one-time kinds of projects, but rather examples of the opportunities we have across our cost structure to identify 
efficiencies and turn up those savings as fuel to invest in some of the marketing and people programs that we put in 
place. So we think of it as ongoing kind of prior to what we need to be doing day-in and day-out. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: Great. Yeah. 


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: The only thing I'd add Alexia is we feel we have a good line of sight to top tier 
productivity as this plays out. And you know I used to call this the third inning of a nine inning game and when Bob 
Gorski joined us, he scolded me and told me, Tony, it's cricket. Our savings and leanness can go on forever. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: Fair enough. And can I just do a follow-up on the JELL-O category, you've obviously had 
some success with cheese and meat in getting the innovation pipe like going, but with JELL-O, is it realistic to turn that 
brand around given the competition for shelf-space and the importance of clean label these days? Thank you and I'll 
pass it out. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, thank you Alexia. We certainly are not getting the velocities we want across 
customers that we're looking for in this. I will say the advertising just went on the air in November. It is early in this 
game after 15 years of this great brand not getting the attention it deserved. We have a lot of things going in JELL-O, 
and a very good team. And, I will tell you, I think whether it's pudding or gelatin, it has a place in American families. 
And, while sweet yogurts and Chobani have done a beautiful job, and our formidable foes, I think JELL-O is a brand 
we believe in. So, stay tuned. 

<Q - Alexia J. Howard>: Great. Thank you. I'll pass it on. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays. Your line is open. 
<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Good afternoon everybody. 
<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Andrew. 
<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Two things, first one, one clarification. Just in terms of the cadence around earnings for the 


year, I guess if you keep the cadence of the first half EPS slightly more than the second half, I guess that would imply 
that the second quarter would be down a whole lot more from where current consensus is, because of I guess how the 
first quarter came in, if you include the $100 million benefit and such. Am I accurate in thinking that way? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. You're going to hate my answer, Andrew. But we're not really going to comment on 
consensus, and where things are. We wanted – you can do the math, and the math plays out the way it plays out. The 
relationship we provided, which is the historical relationship is the right thing to think about. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Got it. But the first quarter that you're using in that relationship does include the kind of $100 
million benefit you talked about, is that right? 
<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yes. It includes the.... 
<A - William Anthony Vernon>: $100 million... 
<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Those factors. 


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: ...of what? 
<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Meaning it includes the mark-to-market gain, and you're using the $85 million or what have 
you? 


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I think... 
<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. 
<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. 
<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Okay. 



<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Probably the only thing that none of us really would have anticipated necessarily 
was the pension favorability. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Right. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: So we tend to take out the pension favorability as we look at our long-term growth 
algorithm, because it's rather unpredictable. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Yep. That's helpful. I just want to make sure I had clarity on that. And then the second thing 
would be Tony, is there a way to characterize of the 45% of the portfolio for which you've I guess priced or announced 
pricing so far. Maybe what percentage of that has it been Kraft leading the pricing, meaning where others haven't 
announced it yet and have to kind of wait and see how quickly people follow versus where you're kind of following 
such that you know it will be a rational environment pretty quickly? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. I think to-date, because we're the number one brand in the ones we've already 
taken price on and announced, I think it's a vast majority. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Okay. So it's a matter of obviously staying close to it and getting a sense of how quickly others 
follow based on where people are hedged, but obviously over time, people are seeing the same general upward trend as 
you are. So is your thought process – I mean are there certain categories where maybe you're more worried about that 
lag of other's pricing versus others or what's your sense? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I'm going to turn the question to – I've got my lawyers looking at me across the 
table. So I want to make sure that I answer this very carefully. I'm confident in our ability to take price. I do think there 
will be some temporary share dislocation given that we lead, but I do think it's all about pricing with the rest of the 
playbook. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Yeah. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: And that's why innovating, renovating, reinventing marketing, particularly cheese, 
meat, coffee, and nuts, those are four that we've executed most of the aspects of our playbook that are going to count 
here. So I think we're making the right call given the profitable growth that we committed to you. 

<Q - Andrew Lazar>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Goldman>: Thanks. Tony, some of the K-Cup manufacturers, talking to them, they actually seem 
fairly happy about the rise in coffee cost, right, because at least according to them, our beans are so much more part of 
COGS in roast, ground than K-Cups, right. So theoretically that will lead to more pricing in roast and ground versus 
K-Cups and price gaps will narrow. Is that something you'd expect to happen that narrowing in the gap of price 
between K-Cups and roast and ground or do you think they'll take pricing across the board category wise by similar 
amounts? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: It's tough to speculate, Ken. I think it's an interesting question. It is quite a distance 
from a $0.06 cup of coffee to a $0.50 cup of coffee. And then you go to that big retailer and go up to $4 a cup. But, no, 
I don't necessarily think pods is – we know we're seeing more promotion, some irrationality, we're trying not to be one 
of those people. But the reality is I think pods is still got a huge wind at its back and is relatively pricing sensitive given 
the promise of convenience. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Goldman>: Okay. And then one more K-Cup question, we're getting closer to the time when Keurig 

2.0 is introduced and obviously no one knows whether it will be successful or not. But I was just curious, you talked in 
the past about being very happy with producing your own K-Cups. Is that still the situation? Are you still very happy 

with the margins and the returns you're getting there? Just curious to think about how you might deal with if Keurig 2.0 
is successful manufacturing versus perhaps you could go in the licensing route? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. I always say I get more questions on K-Cups than everything else combined. 
And you're making sure, Ken. Okay. So I'm very happy with the profitability in the growth of K-Cups. I'm very happy 
that we staked out a – set the goal of being a strong number two, and I think I mentioned, it says big in innovation, it's 
the biggest innovation at Kraft since I've been here. And so, it's going very well, and it's one of those rising type 
categories. As we look into the future and who can predict it with lawsuits and everything else, I want to maintain the 
optionality that we have, and that I think just to tell you, we're going to explore our all options. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Goldman>: Thank you. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to ask you, Tony, if you would take a shot at quantifying your 
total kind of average market share. You said that half your categories took share, but I remember last year, even though 
65% took share, your overall market share still declined. I want to know if that trend is still happening and what do you 
think needs to be done to kind of get that going in the right direction. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. So the absolute goal here is for Kraft to grow faster than our industry. And 
until then we're not satisfied. So this – we all have a traditional way of looking at the business, to say this percent of 
categories are growing and gaining share. We've certainly improved that a lot over the last 18 months by about 25 
points. But until we get to the point, where we're growing faster, than our competitors' average and growing our 
customers comp, we won't be satisfied. I've said in the past that I feel about 40% of the portfolio is in good shape. I 
never say fixed, because everything changes every month, right. We want to be ever vigilant, but 40% is there, and Rob 
it's executing the playbook, it's the people, the recruiting, training and development, it's getting the right people on the 
right brands. I always say think about this conversation when we had it five years ago on cheese or three years ago on 
nuts or two years ago on coffee. I mean these were categories that people doubted that Kraft would ever win again and 
we're winning. And so I say these brands, they're all my children. By the way, they are 580 people listening on the 
phone. So a lot of our children are listening and I believe in each one of them and I believe that we can turn around 
cheese, nuts and coffee. We can turn around any of these brands. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Let me ask a follow-up Tony like, do you have a timeframe if you went back to the spin-off 
date, did you have a timeframe in mind like two years, three years where you thought you'd be heading in that direction 
and where do you think you are in relation to that? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: My timeframe is consistent sequential improvement over the long-term. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Okay. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: And it certainly is as fast as possible, but we're in this for the long-term. We hit our 
marks on cost, cash and EPS and we reinvest half of every dollar into growing these brands. It took a lot of years for 
example for JELL-O to get where it is. It's going to take some years to turn it around. 

<Q - Robert B. Moskow>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Palmer with RBC. Your line is open. 


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hey, David. 

<Q - David S. Palmer>: Thanks. Good evening. Just to follow-up on the price increases on 45% of your portfolio. 
Could you comment on the average of price increase across all of that volume? And how do you see that price 
realization flowing through the year, I would imagine there will be promotion windows that will keep the flow through 
in some of these categories? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Yeah. So, the good thing about how we've executed the pricing is, the average isn't 
necessarily reflective of the technique with which we've priced. So, we've tried to really be thoughtful about what's 
going on in the brand, as Tony talked about what parts of our playbook are working well, how will the consumer 
perceive the price increase. So, the range of price increase is much broader than maybe it historically had been as we 
try to make sure we're matching it up with the brand's ability to carry the price. 

<Q - David S. Palmer>: Is there a sense that the type of price increase that we will see in terms of the price mix that 
we'll see coming through, through this year and? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: We wouldn't want to really put a number on it, David. I think as Teri said, there's a 
range. I think what we've mentioned today was 10% on parts of the cold cuts portfolio, cheese ranged from low-single 
digit to double digit. So, it's kind of difficult to really do an aggregate number on that. I don't really have anything for 
you right now, but I would expect that you're going to start seeing the contribution from pricing begin to pickup in the 
second quarter and then as we move forward obviously. 

<Q - David S. Palmer>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Eric Katzman with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Hi, good evening. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Eric. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: I guess, Tony, I want to, I guess, maybe push back a little bit on your commentary around the 
industry consumption trends because I thought at CAGNY you did a much more balanced job of recognizing that. A lot 
of consumers are choosing to move away from center of the store packaged food for non-macro related reasons 
whereas you kind of gave mostly macroeconomic oriented challenges. So has your thought changed at all there? It 
seems like the simple ingredient message that you had given at CAGNY alternative channels, et cetera just seemed to 
me to be more balanced. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I take the critique. It's more just fitting into a 25 minute presentation. I mean, it's 
very important to reinforce that, yes, we believe health and wellness, the perimeter of the store, the ability to offer 
choice, the importance of getting our fair share of alternate channels where this consumer is shopping, the capitalizing 
and the growing cohorts that none of us have really done well with Hispanics, Millennials, I think, we're all learning 
together how to do this. 

But Eric, I take the critique very well. You're absolutely right. Consumption is going from the center of store to other 
areas. We feel strongly when we introduced a Kraft Singles with no preservatives or double the protein in Deli or bring 
out P3 with fresh meat, fresh cheese and fresh nuts, that we're addressing some of these growth trends. And so, you're 
right. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. I guess, thanks for that. And then, I guess, let me just ask about Teri about maybe 
some non-operating items and some forecasting that hopefully doesn't disrupt your mantra of not giving any guidance, 
but... 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: You know I'm pretty firm on it so... 


<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Yeah. Well, I've got to try. So I think one of – like you're emphasizing free cash flow return a 
bit to shareholders, but your share count is up sequentially and year-over-year. I mean, do you expect that your buyback 
program will bring shares outstanding net down. Did the tax item in the first quarter or is that affect the outlook for 
your tax rate for the full year? How do you feel about interest expense? If you could like give some guidance on those 
three things it would be helpful? 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Sure, sure. So let's start with the shares question that you surfaced. You're right, you did see 
an increase in shares on both basic and fully diluted basis and that's really a function of timing of our share repurchase 
program. So, if you remember it was approved by our board in December. When we announced it, we still in the 
market simply because of the windows were trading. And so, that program didn't ramp up right away at the beginning 
of the quarter. So probably an artificially low quarterly number if you think about our going program, so we definitely 
expect share repurchase to more than offset the impact of options and restricted stock that comes through our incentive 
programs. And so, we would expect that to be accretive over the year, not in a huge way, but certainly more so than this 
one quarter of activity would reflect, and it's partly just timing of start-up. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: And your question on tax. That's a discrete item that's really driving the tax rate down in the 
quarter, and we don't control the timing of when those drop in. And so, we think about that as being something that we 
had assumed in our overall run rate assessment, and it just happened to drop in and out officially reduced the first 
quarter rate. So, I wouldn't think of that as being reflective of the going rate for the company. 

And then on interest expense, as you know, our debt portfolio is largely fixed rate. So, we should be reasonably good at 
predicting. Now, there is currency and some other small things in there, but – so, that's not a huge driver at this point, 
given our debt portfolio. 

<Q - Eric R. Katzman>: Okay. See, that wasn't so bad. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Teri L. List-Stoll>: Now if you can handle that. Didn't give you a single number. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Diane Geissler with CLSA. Your line is open. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Good afternoon. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Diane. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Hi. Just to ask about the performance of some of the items that you've launched within the 
last, call it, I don't know 18 months to 24 months. I know that the target rate, I think you've said in the past is kind of 
low-teens as a percent of sales for items that have been launched within the last three years or whatever that your 
window is, up from high-single digits. Is the performance of the items that you've launched within this last timeframe 
in line with your expectations? And just kind of not to beat the dead horse on the IRI debt, it looks like some of the 
products that were sort of initial successes, for instance, MiO, which was great out of the box, and even great in 
through its second year seems to be lagging now. Can you talk about those products that are maybe into their second or 
third year since launch. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Sure, sure. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Their performance... 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: On a macro basis, that the Nielsen measure you talked about. We actually started in 
2009 at about 6% of three year sales credited to innovation and we were lowest here in the industry. We're now actually 
up in the 13% to 14% range. And it's three year trend, so when you get MiO, and the MiO platform all totaled including 
Kool-Aid and Crystal Light is $300 millionish. We have about a 50 share. But to your point, it's slowed down for sure. 


It's a very high margins 50 share business that does over those three brands, $300 million most of them right now. MiO, 
I think we're very satisfied with it and I think right now, you're seeing a huge number of new SKUs within the category. 

So, imitation is a sincere form of flattery, lots of new entries, they maybe are not spending to grow the category, shelf 
spaces are getting pretty messy, and we are facing a spring summer selling season that's really critical to us. We are 
working with our best realtor, our best retailers to ensure that we get the features in this crowded space that we deserve. 
But I'm bottom line, very satisfied with MiO, we just got to continue to grow and continue to innovate. By the way, the 
Kool-Aid version has done very, very well. And you can imagine that is a high margin business. And it's also got 
potential some day outside North America. In general, I would say we are satisfied, I mean the pods as I mentioned are 
probably bigger than Skillets and MiO were at the same point in time by 25% and 50%, and we won innovations of the 
year from most retailers for those two. 

You're going to see a lot of renovation honestly, because so much of this health and wellness trend demands simpler 
ingredient lines and removal of preservatives and colors. So, though they fall into the renovation bucket. But, in 
general, we made this a pillar of how we turnaround Kraft and I'd say we continue to believe we're making great 
progress. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Okay. And then, can you just give us an idea about where you are in terms of the ACB on P3 
and then I think you said the launch of the new Philly cream cheese in the new containers and with more fruit, et cetera, 
is that the second quarter launch? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. That's happening now. I – I haven't looked it honestly, ACB on the launches 
lately. I mean, Doug can follow-up with you. They're going very well, very well. Retailer excitement – I mean, those 
are categories that retailers believe are going to grow traffic whether it's protein, double the protein, a new renovation 
to packaging in Philly, we're excited about. But... 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Who are you taking that shelf... 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: That'll get you some ACB. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Sorry, who are you taking that shelf space from? Are they largely in that refrigerated meat 
category like the linear cheese that are devoted to protein because how of popular protein is... 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. I think you're going to see protein – Diane, I think that's a great question. I 
think you're going to have to see protein snacking segments in major retailers. It's not just us that is introducing and 
jumping on this. And I think you'll see there is an impulse shelf and a lot of its front of store and you can imagine how 
this excites C stores, dollar stores, drug, but these are grab and go items that are healthy meal substitutes. In terms of 
Philly where we get shelf space, we got a lot of scale on Philly and a lot of flexibility. 

<Q - Diane R. Geissler>: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thank you. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Okay. Great, Diane. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Hi, good evening, everyone. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi, Ken. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: So, my question is, you talked a lot about renovation versus innovation. And my sense is 
that renovation does not get the same sort of return that innovation does, although innovation obviously is more 
expensive. So, I guess my first question is, do you agree with that? And the second part of it is, how long do you think 
your portfolio needs to be renovated before you ramp up the innovation as you go? 


<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Okay. They're not – first, they're not mutually exclusive. By the way, they're just 
labels. I would tell you that most people would say that renovation is more profitable than innovations because 
innovation requires building a new meal brand, for example, big spending effort we did to build that category. 
Renovation, to double the protein on Philly, it's a natural, right. You got a proprietary R&D innovation. You put it into 
the line. You're the only one that has it. Private label races to catch up. It's a very efficient way to grow the business. 

How long was the second question -- how long before innovation? I don't want to leave Ken to believe that we're 
replacing innovation with renovation, it's both, right. It's sort of the difference between incremental, profitable, 
substantial and transformational. I do think meal was transformational. I think pods is transformational. But, we're 
basically extending innovation to our base brands to renovate them. And a lot of it, I want to emphasize, has to do with 
offering consumers choice in the health and wellness ingredient powering up area, right. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Yeah. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: And so that's how we look at renovation versus innovation. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: And then a quick follow up is, advertising you said is more distributed evenly throughout 
the quarters. Is that a function that you're now, your pipeline and everything is offset and that's how we should expect 
it? Or going forward throughout the years, you'll have some times that advertising is skewed one way or the other way 
or will you be more systematic about having it consistent throughout the quarters? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah, it's a great – we're not a hugely seasonal business, but we do have some big 
seasonal brands, Capri Sun. I do think as we get to the level of advertising we won. It's going to deliver more of a 
consistent pattern of advertising spend and growth. But I'll also want to tell you, we're still only spending $0.75 on the 
dollar versus that benchmark company that I always talk about. And that's why growing our advertising consistently is 
a long term mission. And so, but I think your assumption is right, it's going to be spread evenly, in general it will 
depend Ken somewhat on the idea. If you launch a meal in the fourth quarter, it's going to have a big ad budget and it 
will affect the growth of that quarter. 

<Q - Kenneth B. Zaslow>: Great. I appreciate it. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Great. 

<A - Christopher M. Jakubik>: Maybe one more question. 

Operator 

Our last question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup. Your line is open. 

<Q - Cornell R. Burnette>: Hey, thanks a lot. Good evening. This is Cornell in with a few questions for David. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Hi. How are you doing? 

<Q - Cornell R. Burnette>: All right. Well, the first one I just wanted to get into was, we've heard from a number of 
other companies in the space that shopping trips and traffic throughout the grocery and general were down a bit in the 
first quarter, and perhaps this had a little bit to do with some of the bad weather that we saw. I was wondering if you 
saw that too and as we have gone into April and May, have you started to see things turn around a bit? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: I don't want to ever [ph] bet the (01:05:22) anyone who uses weather as an excuse 
or be forced to give you weather forecast every quarter. For Kraft, blaming it on the weather is sort of like saying, I 
would be 10 pounds lighter if I were able to work out on those cold days. So, in general, weather was a factor and I 
understand our retailers saying it, we got to be able to get pass that, right, and I'm looking forward to great barbecue 
season and a lot of you guys barbecuing. 

<Q - Cornell R. Burnette>: Okay. And then just another question is, you made some fairly I think negative comments 
about the state of the consumer. Obviously we know what's happening with the lower end consumer because of the 


reductions in SNAP and then you also mentioned maybe higher tax bills hurting maybe middle and upper class 
consumers. And I just wanted to know what type of challenges do you think this will provide you in light of all of the 
pricing that you are recently taking? 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Yeah. Well, first thing, I don't necessarily think it is getting any worse. I think it's 
just universally challenging for us and our customers, and I would tell you that you guys, a lot of you've written about 
the improving elasticities at Kraft as we invest in brands with innovation, renovation, advertising and tier pricing and 
the ability to execute that playbook will be the best mitigation against the challenges of having to take price to deliver 
the profitable growth that we promised you. When we have the playbook there, we seemed to do quite well in our 
ability to take price. 

<Q - Cornell R. Burnette>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - William Anthony Vernon>: Thanks, Cornell. I think we're good, operator. 

Operator 

Yep. No more questions. I'll turn it back to management for closing remarks. 

Christopher M. Jakubik 

Okay. Well, thanks everybody for joining us. For those of you that have follow-up questions, Doug DuMars and myself 
will be available to take your calls and for anyone in the media that has any follow ups, Basil Maglaris will be around 
for you as well. 

So, thank you very much for joining us and have a good night. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for participating in today's program. This concludes the program. You may all 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


