Q4 2005 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Keith A. Istre, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
• Sean E. Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

We now have Kevin Reilly, Sean Reilly, and Keith Istre in conference. Please be aware that each of your line is on 
listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the company's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator 
Instructions]. 

In the course of this discussion, Lamar may make forward-looking statements about the company, including statements 
about its future financial performance and condition, operational plans and strategies, and marketing opportunities. 
Lamar has identified important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this 
call in the company's report on Form 10-K and 10-Q and the registration statement Lamar has filed with the SEC. 
Lamar refers you to those documents. 

Lamar's Fourth quarter and year-end earnings release which contains the information required by Regulation G was 
furnished to the SEC on a Form 8-K this morning and is available on Lamar's website, www.lamar.com. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Reilly. Mr. Reilly, you may begin. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer 

Moon, thank you. I want to welcome everybody to our '05 year-end call, especially our shareholders and friends. When 
we look back on '05, several highlights; of course, the first highlight is there was healthy demand for our ad space. We 
crossed the $1 billion mark in net revenue, which is a milestone for the company. 

We also, in '05, made a decision to commit very aggressively our free cash flow to invest in our core enterprise. We 
were attacked by some vicious women in '05, Katrina and others, and I want to thank all of our Lamar family for their 
efforts in '05, especially those who worked long hours under difficult conditions to help us recover from the storms. 

Looking forward to '06, it could be characterized as an execution year. This is the year for us to demonstrate that we 
can generate superior returns by investing our free cash flow in our core business and when you think about the risk 
associated with that, it's certainly slippery out there but I do not think we are talking about a triple axle. We have laid 
out our priorities and they are acquisitions where available, digital deployment, extending the maturities of our lease 
portfolio, and share repurchase. Very pleased to say that as of today, we have got 73 digital units up in 26 markets and 
it would be nice if by the end of this year we could triple that number. 

Also in '06, we will be thinking and acting on the question, what is the appropriate leverage for an enterprise like ours 
and I do expect that there will be some movement in that area as we get towards the end of the year. 

With that, as is our custom, I would like to turn it over to – the call over to Keith Istre and Sean for some – Sean Reilly 
for some brief comments and then we will open up the call for the next 30 or 40 minutes or so for questions. Keith? 


Keith A. Istre, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 

Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call. Just some color on the quarter and some of the year-end metrics. 
You've all got the press release and you saw how we ended up the quarter. We came in slightly ahead of guidance, 
revenue, EBITDA for the quarter and for the year on a consensus basis. Our margins for the fourth quarter, 
consolidated EBITDA margins, were 43 versus 43 last year. Obviously, the transit is a lower margin business and with 
the addition of Obie that did cost about a point on the EBITDA margin for the quarter and the year. 

You did notice in the press release that free cash flow was down for the quarter, slightly up for the year. Obviously that 
was a result of the hurricane and a couple of other things that happened and I will explain that more when we get to 
CapEx, for the total – for the growth – total growth actual for the year, it was 16%; 10% of that came from acquisitions 
and the rest was organic. 

You saw the pro forma numbers at the back of the press release for the quarter so I won't go through those, but I will 
summarize the year for you. For the net revenue, our total organic growth was 6.5%. For all of our operating expenses 
other than corporate, it was 3.4%, the low end of our expected range. Outdoor operating income was up 9.9. Corporate 
overhead was 21.4%. EBITDA was 9.1, and consolidated expenses, operating and corporate, were 4.5. 

You saw the guidance that we put out for the first quarter in the press release, although we don't guide to EBITDA any 
longer and we've never guided to expense growth. There will be an increase in the expense levels in the first quarter 
and possibly the second due to some operating programs and some one-time expenses that have come through and Sean 
will get into that when he talks more about the operations side, but I am thinking, looking at the numbers, that the 
expenses, both corporate and direct operating, will be somewhere in the high five or low six range for Q1. We think 
that for the year they will come back into line more along the normal range of three to five. 

Debt, there is really no change in our debt levels or ratios. We were at 3.4 with converts, debt to EBITDA, 2.8 without 
the converts, which is the way our group – bank group measures us. 

On the CapEx and as it relates to free cash flow, our total CapEx was 121 million. We thought we would be somewhere 
north of a hundred and let me – due to the hurricanes and some other projects that we had going on. Our original 
guidance was for 85 for the year. If you start with 121 for the full year of '05, we spent 20 million, between the third 
and fourth quarter, repairing damage from the hurricanes. We spent 10 million in Q4 on digital so that leaves basic 
CapEx of 91. Again, we guided for about 85 so we were pretty much in the ballpark there. 

As far as '06, our guidance is going to be heavier than it has been in the past. As Kevin said, we are going to be 
investing more in our infrastructure, and so forth. And as of today, what we are looking at is about 110 million before 
digital, and there are three projects that total about 30 million that are unusual and out of the ordinary. The first one is a 
real estate project, a building that we have a purchase agreement to acquire here in Baton Rouge, as a potential 
corporate headquarters; we are fast outgrowing ours as we speak. On our logo franchises, it's time to refurbish; a lot of 
those signs, they have been in the ground 15, 20 years. And there are certain requirements by the states that require us 
every so often to replace those units and that's going to be about 15 million. The building was 10, the logos will be 15, 
and then we still have about another 5 million in hurricane-related repairs that we will finish out in the first quarter. So 
that's – those are the three projects that make up the 30 million out of the 110; the other 80 is just the normal CapEx 
that we require year in, year out. 

Last but not least, I will just mention this; the number of acquisitions we closed for the year was 73 for a total of 
approximately 190 million in cash and stock. 

With that, Sean? 

Sean E. Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 

Thanks Keith. Let me hit a couple of the operating initiatives that we talked about last year, give you an update on 
where we are this year, and in addition, it will be the last time that we break out and talk in an un-integrated way about 


Obie. 

Let me start with Obie. We closed on Obie midway through January of last year and it has been, by all accounts, a very 
pleasant experience for us, both integration-wise and operationally and financially. 

When we announced the acquisition, we promised our shareholders approximately 8 million in contributed free cash 
flow. As a result of a lot of hard work and some good folks that came our way with the Obie transaction, we actually 
had a net contribution of free cash flow that was more around 15 million from that acquisition so we are extremely 
pleased with our commitment to that business and we expect that performance to continue into '06. 

Last year, we also announced a partnership with Simon Malls; we are progressing nicely with that. This year that 
partnership will begin to bear fruit. We believe that by the end of the year '06 we will have developed approximately 40 
freestanding traditional units that will have an annual run rate of billing of about 2 million and we are describing that as 
Phase I and while it has taken perhaps a little more time to work through the details of that agreement and get steel up 
in the air, it's beginning to happen and we feel good about it. 

As Kevin mentioned on the digital side, we've made a major commitment and he ran through those numbers for you. I 
can't say that the customers are there, the business model in a wide variety of settings – small market, large market, 
bulletin, poster showing, competitive markets – again, across a wide variety of setting, the business model is holding up 
and we feel good about that. 

Keith mentioned that we budgeted for a slight uptick in Q1 expenses; I am going to tick through a couple of those for 
you. We knew they were coming, some of them are one-time and they don't cause us a great deal of concern. The 
largest one is vegetation and tree cutting. We've had some legislative wins in a number of states that allow us to go out 
and uncover boards that have been covered up by vegetation. It's – it can be a relatively expensive proposition. We are 
required by the accounting rules to expense that activity. The good news is it enhances the value of the spaces once you 
clean them up. Another extraordinary expense was, in this quarter we will have a five-week versus a four-week pay 
period which will, again, sort of result in a little uptick. 

And finally for those of you that has followed us for a long time, coming off a good year sometimes we have to recalc 
percentage leases in the first quarter; that is a one-time recalc and it hits this quarter so again, as Keith mentioned while 
there might be a slight uptick in Q1, we expect as the year progresses that we are going to come in, in line with our 
traditional expense growth. 

Let me hit a few of the operating occupancy and rate stats that we traditionally give out, and as a preface, the word is 
very much like what you heard on the last call, very slight increases in occupancy, nice gains in rate. For the most part, 
we are getting most of our top-line organic growth through rate and we see that happening – that trend continuing into 
'06. 

December – year ended December '05, poster occupancy was 69% for full year versus 66% in '04. Bulletin occupancy 
year ended was 79% '05 versus 78% '04. For the quarter, fourth quarter ended December '05, 67% posters versus 67% 
in December '04 and on bulletin 78% versus 78% '04. So you can see the gain, certainly, in the quarter came from rate 
and again we see that trend continuing. 

Keith gave you the acquisitions closed to date, why don't I put a little color on the national sales picture. Last year was 
a great year for us on the national sales front. We were up plus or minus 10% same-store year-to-date full year in '05 
and '06 is feeling high single-digits to us. 

Most of the categories are very strong, wireless, insurance and the likes. We do have one customer that is – their core 
business is struggling a little bit, that's auto. But as we see the year shaping up they are committed to outdoor, they are 
hanging in there with us and that's good news. We are getting good renewals in the auto category. So that's a little color 
on the tone of business, we feel good about '06 and happy to open it up for questions. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer 


Moon, do you want to open up the call for questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Yes sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Chris Ensley with Bear, Stearns. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the call. You had mentioned at the start of the fourth 
quarter that hurricane damage might cost you about 2 million, I was wondering if the final result was about that and if 
so that would imply your same store growth was about 7%. So, then I am just wondering in the first quarter are you still 
seeing any drag from those markets or exactly how are they recovering? Thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: This is Sean. I am going to hit the second question first; Keith will probably have to get to the exact 
number of business interruption in the fourth quarter. We are basically back up in every market except Gulfport/Biloxi. 
We still got, number one, some reconstruction there and, number two, the business interruption is a tad more severe in 
the short-run. In the long-run the Mississippi Gulf Coast is going to come roaring back. The casinos have committed a 
tremendous amount of investment. We feel good about the long-term recovery of the Mississippi Gulf Coast but we 
still have a little bit of work to do getting inventory in the air and we also have a little bit of business recovery to 
happen in that market before we are pacing where we were this time last year. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah as far as the 7% that's about right Chris. We probably – I think we estimated that we'd lose 
about 1.8 million in Q4. Sean is correct that the Gulf Coast is not back yet in the Biloxi area, they in December were 
still pacing about $0.25 million a month behind what they were doing before the pre-hurricane. They were at about 750 
a month in revenue and they are tracking along at about 0.5 million a month, so there is still about 250 short of coming 
back to pre-hurricane. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Chris this is Kevin. I think one thing you are trying to get at is, you're looking at seven Q4 
and between five and six Q1. We feel pretty good about our book as it relates to '06, we did have a downdraft in 
February and we view it as a one-off and ergo, that's why you are getting the guidance for Q1 that you're getting. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Very helpful. One quick clarification, when you say you want to triple digital displays in 
'06, is that off the 70 that you already have in the ground and just what kind of pricing are you seeing currently for the 
digital displays? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: What we're going to do for the first half of this year is just talk about number of units up, we'll 
be watching the revenue but since it's not material we don't want to hype it. But, yeah what I am saying is it would be 
nice if we could triple the number of units that we have up now by year end. So, it will be three times 73. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Kamber Sessi with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q>: Good morning, just a follow up on the digital question. Can you talk about specific markets, similar to the 
network effects you observed in Pittsburgh and my second question is how much closer are we to outdoor measurement 
specifically on the demographic side, thanks? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Well, from Lamar's point of view outdoor measurement we are not that heavily invested in 
that exercise, we view it as important for the industry, it will cost a lot of money and our national customers rely on it a 
lot more than our local customers. So we are kind of ambivalent about it, it is important, how close are we – I don't 
know. We are making better strides on – actually discounting our audience to make us more mainstream and but on the 

– actually the audience measurement side there is no one premier vendor that's really stepped up and said that they 

could get this done in a cost efficient way. Digital, our view of digital is that – yeah, networks work better than one-offs 
but one-offs are good we love them all. Posters on surface streets tend to work better than expressway deployments but 
we've had – we have tried to, as Sean says, we have tried to screw these things up every which way possible and all of 
them seem to work. But our preference is to build out local networks on surface streets where there is more time spent. 
And we can talk more about the demographics surrounding those boards when you get on major arterials and major 
expressways, you do get wasted circulation, tractor trailers and commuters. 

<Q>: All right. I do have one more question. Can you explain the growth dichotomy between large and smaller 
markets? Clear Channel Outdoor reported today and said domestic growth was about 600 basis points higher. I mean, is 
that pricing based or are you seeing the different – or is it a national versus local advertising impact? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Well their growth is as reported, ours is same store that's a small difference. But I would say 
when the national business is robust the bigger markets grow faster. When it's not real robust, we are – if you look at 
the revenues, big market versus small markets and you go back over the last 25 years, there is really not much 
difference in the growth. So you've got – you just have a little bit more volatility in the larger markets, because you 
have sophisticated large customers that come and go, and that's pretty much my take. Sean, do you have any – anything 
to add to that? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: No. Just to highlight again, if you take the long view and look through the business cycle, 20, 30 
years, you are not going to see a dime's worth of difference in the growth rates, large versus small markets. You just 
have timing issues as you come in and out of business cycles. 

<Q>: All right, okay, that's helpful. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Laraine Mancini with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Thanks. Two quick ones. Obie margins this year were much better than you had expected 
when you bought the properties although your guidance for first quarter suggests that there will be less revenue in 1Q 
'06 than was in 1Q '05 even though you didn't have it in for the full quarter. So what's going on there and what do you 
think can happen for margins there year-over-year? 

<A - Keith Istre>: The Q1 of last year we brought that at the end roughly of January and there was some accounting, it 
was a stock acquisition and there was some accounting related deferred revenue on the balance sheet that had to be 
taken into account and so forth. I don't recall what the guidance was last year, but there was some white noise in the Q's 
numbers last year and that's why we deferred including it in our pro forma guidance. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, if I could just add a little color there was a stub on when we closed, and the same store, it's in 
line with the guidance we gave. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Okay. And how about margins for this year on that, is there margin expansion or... 

<A - Sean Reilly.>: The margin improvement that we made operationally last year has largely been put in place. So I 
think what you're going to see going forward is more of a run rate, more of a traditional run rate for the transit business. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Okay. And then on the expenses in 1Q having the unusual item of five week pay period 
versus four week, is there another quarter in this year where that's going to reverse and you're going to have an easy 
comp or no? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah, you always have one quarter, Laraine, where you are comparing a quarter that has no five 
week pay periods to one that has one or even two. We just mentioned it because it is unusual item. We don't normally 
do that, but along with some of the operational projects that we've got going, it was just something to add to the list. It's 
about a $700,000 variance if you have an additional five week period versus if not having one – in expense. 


<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Barton Crockett with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, good. Thank you very much. I wanted to ask a couple of just detailed questions about 
the numbers and then one sort of thematic question, in terms of the thematic question can you just give us a little bit 
better color about the feedback you've gotten from your field you – I believe were going out to get requests from people 
in terms of their interest in getting digital billboards in their areas and the regulatory restrictions and how easy it would 
be to work through that. What are you hearing, can you give us a little bit of color about the regulatory environment 
and the number of areas where you think you might over time, have an opportunity to put some boards up on the digital 
side. And then in terms of the numbers, can you give us a little bit more detail on the rates, what the rates were for 
posters and bulletins in the quarter and then the breakdown of CapEx in '05, how much for digital. You ran through 
that, I didn't quite catch it, so if you could just refresh me there, thank you? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Let me do the – Barton let me do the first question and I will turn it over to Sean for the 
second, two questions about the back half. We, it's still a one-off exercise because of the regulatory environment and 
we're trying to discourage our shareholders from taking our top-third, we've got 170 some odd thousand faces and take 
the top-third number of faces, convert them to digital and we've got all this explosive growth. We think the best way to 
communicate to the marketplace and to explain what we're up to here is that it is a one-off exercise, every time you are 
successful there is more acceptance and that acceptance is not only in market but it's across market because the 
regulators talk to each other. So, it is true that we're finding more and better acceptance for lots of different reasons, 
one is they get good feedback from customers, there is not a lot of complaints from people that drive by the things, in 
fact they enjoy it. And there is a public safety angle to this where we make our space available to the police for help 
wanted – for most wanted and for other sort of Amber Alert type activities. 

So, I think at the end of the day, we're actually going to be rather than perceived as a blight on the landscape, I think 
we're going to be perceived as very useful. And as the traditional media try – harder and harder to reach people, and I 
think reaching drivers is becoming more and more important and useful. So, we think we're establishing some 
momentum but we still think it's important to discourage our shareholders from folding in these huge conversion 
numbers to digital. So, what we're going to do for the next couple of quarters is just let you know how many units 
we've gotten up across how many markets. And then if we discover some things along the way that are important: 
revenue, expense, network versus non-network, competitive dynamics those kinds of things, we'll certainly share them 
with the marketplace. Sean, do you want to do the rate and occupancy gig and also CapEx – Barton was that for '06 
CapEx for digital? 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: No that was for 2005, as I didn't quite catch the numbers you put out there? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah Barton this is Keith, let me go through, I will walk you through that. Let me just go through 
the five basic categories: traditional – well billboards which was 88 million for the year; transit which was 1 million; 
land and buildings 13 million; operating equipment 10 million; logos 7 million. 

To go back to the billboards, the 88 million, 15 million was digital, as I mentioned, 10 was spent in the fourth quarter 5 
was in the first part of the year. So, if you take that 15 away from the 88 that leaves you 73 in traditional billboards of 
which we spent 20 putting the Gulf Coast and parts of Louisiana back together from the hurricanes, so that would be 53 
in traditional billboards for the year and that's normally our run rate. If you look at the past three or four years, we 
always come in slightly north of 50 on traditional outdoor. 

Land and buildings are just sign sites that we bought throughout the year and buildings, either new buildings or 
remodeling existing operating offices in some of the markets that we are in. Operating equipment is always seven, 
eight, ten million dollars a year and then the logos, the 7 million, again, that was for refurbishing a lot of these markets 
that we've – we are under contract with the state to maintain. So, that gets you back to your 121 million. 


<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. And the detail on the rates for posters and bulletins in the quarter? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, we are having that calc-ed; it should be ready by the end of the call. So, I'll just announce it 
sometime in the next five minutes. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, that's great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia Securities. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Hi, good morning. I have three questions; the first is, Sean, for your M&A goals this year. Do 
you expect a slowdown from the historical 150 to 200 million? Secondly, can you tell us what your revenue growth 
was in January excluding Obie? And lastly have there been any changes in your top customers in the last two quarters? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Sure. I am going to, kind of steer away from the monthly, the January thing. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Okay. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: On the question of acquisition goals for the year, it's feeling like the lower end of that range. We've 
been at the upper end for three years of the 150 to 200. This year it's, kind of, feeling like it's going to be in the range, 
but at the lower end of the range. And then the – the other question was, I am sorry? 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Any change in your top customers? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Top customers, little bit of jockeying, not so much again by category, but a little bit of jockeying by 
customers. I will tick through the top 10 for '05 and maybe hit a little color on what we're seeing in '06. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Okay. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: McDonalds was number one in '05. Chevy was number two, they actually leaped slightly ahead of 
Cracker Barrel. So top five: McDonalds, Chevy, Cracker Barrel, Cingular and Dodge. Probably just a little color on 
how this year is shaping up, you're probably going to see Cracker Barrel go back up above Chevy, although our 
commitment from Chevy for the year is still looking very strong. I mentioned the wireless category being extremely 
strong, but you're probably going to see Verizon and AT&T and Nextel leap over Cingular. There is a little jockeying 
going on there in terms of customers versus category, but at the end of the day, the category is going to be extremely 
strong. And then everything else is pretty much status quo. 

Okay, Q4, I've got the rate numbers for Q4. On posters Q4 '05, 442 versus Q4 '04, of 423, that's a 4.5% increase and for 
bulletin, Q4 '05, 1,149, Q4 '04, 1,057, that's a 8.7% increase. And I see those types of ratios carrying forward. So we're 
comfortable with that trend. Keith is telling me I can say that January was slightly north of 6. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thank you. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: He doesn't want me to say anything more than that. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from James Dix with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - James Dix>: Good morning, guys, couple of questions. First, I guess, maybe for Keith. I don't know whether you 
have the figures on what the revenue and EBITDA impact was from the acquisitions which you completed in 2005, but 
if you have that, that might be useful. 

Secondly, do you anticipate any income statement impact from your digital investments or is that going to be pretty 
minimal? I guess, I'm looking for primarily on the expense side, since it sounds like in terms of the overall business, the 


revenue side will be relatively immaterial this year. But I'm just curious as to whether that's going to have any impact 
on expenses this year. 

And then, I guess, one more for Keith. Just anything on the FAS 123R impact, any estimate as to what that's going to 
be? 

And then I guess I have a fourth. A semantic one. If you look at the uptrend you're seeing now on your business and 
you compare to the uptrend you saw coming out of the downdraft, kind of, in the early '90s. Do you see any similarities 
or differences that you think are worth noting for investors in terms of its sustainability? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: This is Sean, I am going to hit the last question. 

<Q - James Dix>: Okay. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: And then I will hit the digital expense question. The only color that I think is worthwhile 
comparing coming out of this business cycle as opposed to the one in the early '90s, it seems that this one is a slightly 
less steep slope. And by that I mean we came out in a – over a shorter amount of time and with numbers that were 
larger coming out of the early '90s. This one has been more gradual, it's been equally, as I believe, gratifying. But again 
it's been a little – it's been a little slower. But I don't know that at the end of the day it's going to be less powerful. It's 
just kind of hard to tell what inning we are in on the occupancy game. We are seeing extremely good rate gains and that 
is – it's fairly typical. I would say, to put a little finer point on it, we would hope to see some more occupancy gains 
before the cyclical recovery is all said and done. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: The difference on the rate side, '90s versus today, is that we – our fortunes were linked to 
what the other local media platforms were doing in the marketplace, and we seem to be somewhat divorced from their 
behavior in the local marketplace today and not a bad place to be. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: And then on the digital expenses, it's obviously something we've had to gear to and obviously you 
have a slight run-rate of expenses as you're gearing to a business model in the early stages of it. That being said, I don't 
think that's going to put us outside our traditional three to five percent expense guidance in our business model. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Let's see, James, you were talking about the cost of expensing the stock options, I think, first and 
then the revenue that we bought? 

<Q - James Dix>: Yeah, the revenue you thought you bought last year? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Okay, I don't have the EBITDA and obviously that's an estimate on our part, we buy historical but 
we pay on forward. But the revenue that we acquired was in the $20 million range, I don't have the numbers in front of 
me, but it was somewhere between 20 and 24 million. And as far as expensing of options, it looks like it would be 
about 2 million a quarter, 8 million for the year that's what it was this year. And we didn't expense it this year; it's just 
in a footnote as it has been but of course we'll have to expense it going forward. 

<Q - James Dix>: Okay, great thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jason Helfstein with CIBC World Markets. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thanks, two questions. First, can you give us an update on – now – what the actual CapEx cost 
of the digital face is, I don't know if you want to break that down between a smaller face and a larger face. And perhaps 
give us some color how that's changed over the last two or three years as you've talked to the vendors. 

And then just a bigger picture question, we are seeing more and more consistent results from you guys, not just from 
the industry but just for Lamar. Can you perhaps talk about some of the changes you guys have made perhaps to Lamar 
perhaps either corporate or around the organization that has allowed you guys to deliver more consistent results over, 
like, the last four or five quarters. Thanks? 


<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Jason, I'll do the consistent results and we will let Sean talk about pricing for the digital units 
and, Moon, after this let's take one more call and then we'll go ahead and wind it down. I think, the consistent results is 
more on the – rather be lucky than good. I think a lot of the way we perform has to do with our revenue mix and the 
markets that we're in. Now, we do a great job given what we've got but I really do think that that gives us a little bit of 
an advantage when you just talk about consistency. 

When I talk about revenue mix; three quarters of our revenue comes from the bulletin side of things. And as you know 
they are sold individually by location and the contracts run from anywhere from three to twelve months. We don't have 

– we have transit but – and it is volatile but it's not such a large part of our book that it doesn't create volatility. As we 
get more successful with this digital, there will be more volatility in our revenue streams because we're going to have 
long-term contracts associated with digital but we're also going to be selling space in the spot market and it's going to 
be interesting to see how we deal with that. Sean, do you want to talk about? 
<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, but first let me disagree with you, I'd rather be good than lucky. On the cost of digital, it's a 
complex question because while the cost of units comes down and I think we can point to over the last few years a 
thirty to forty percent decrease. We are also insisting on better resolution, so as we challenge our vendors to not only 
deliver a lower cost product but also a product that is better for our advertisers and our customers. We are not driving 
the cost curve as quickly as we could because we are again deploying units today that have demonstrably better 
resolution and so I wouldn't – I wouldn't take a straight line model and just say, okay this is going to continue at that 
thirty to forty percent a year decrease in that cost. But rather you might want to maybe split it in half, if you wanted to 
model it, maybe 15% taking into account the fact that we are buying better units with better resolution. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: So what is the actual price then – like, for example, the average cost per face right now? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: A poster is 160 to 180 for a traditional poster deployment that's 10 by 25 and a bulletin that's 14 by 
48 is give or take 350. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: And can you give us – you wouldn't want to give us your mix would you, what are you 
thinking about? Or, I guess, is it majority still posters? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I would say this year 50:50. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thank you guys very much. 

Operator 

And our last question comes from Gordon Hodge with Tom Weisel Partners [Thomas Weisel Partners]. 

<Q - P. Gordon Hodge>: Yeah, good morning, just a couple of questions. Kevin you mentioned that February looks a 
little soften and it was a one-off, I am just wondering is it – what do you think the cause of the one-off is – if it's maybe 
Olympics related or something else. And then also Clear Channel mentioned they have a two year deal with General 
Motors. Just wondering if that might explain why Chevy would be falling among your top five in 2006 or should we 
just assume that that's unrelated given the fact you don't have that much overlap with their businesses? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: I've got – the guy that runs our national sales, John Miller, just whispered in my ear. I think 
we have a three year deal with Chevy. 

<Q - P. Gordon Hodge>: Okay, so it's unrelated then. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: But this is the beginning, this is the first year of that three year deal. 

<Q - P. Gordon Hodge>: '06? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: And these national contracts, even though it's a three year deal, I think only the first year is 
non-cancelable. 


<Q - P. Gordon Hodge>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Okay. So Chevy's strategy obviously was to go long and try to lock in attractive rates. Why – 
you're trying to get at February, is it a blip or a trend? 
<Q - P. Gordon Hodge>: Yeah. Just what gives you the confidence that it's a blip? 
<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Dodge. 
<Q - P. Gordon Hodge>: Okay. 
<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Dodge cancelled in February and they are, I think, they are the fourth largest customer. 
<A>: They are coming back. 
<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: They are going to come back. 
<Q - P. Gordon Hodge>: Okay, got it. 
<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: But we really do – if you look at our books, our expectation is that top line growth should be 


better than what we've guided – for the whole year should be better than what we've guided to – for the first quarter. 
<Q - P. Gordon Hodge>: Fantastic, thanks. 


Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, that – Moon, thank you for running a good call and I just want to thank all of our shareholders and friends for 
listening in and we look forward to visiting with you next quarter. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


