Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Sean E. Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 
• Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Excuse me, everyone. We now have Mr. Sean Reilly and Mr. Keith Istre in conference. Please be aware that each of 
your lines is in a listen-only mode. We are going to queue up after the presentation is over. [Operator Instructions]. 

In the course of this discussion, Lamar may make forward-looking statements regarding the Company, including 
statements about its future financial performance, strategic goals and plans. Lamar has identified important factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this call in the Company's report on Forms 10-K 
and 10-Q, and the registration statements that Lamar files with the SEC from time to time. Lamar refers you to those 
documents. Lamar's third quarter earnings release, which contains the information required by Regulation G was 
furnished to the SEC on a Form 8-K this morning and is available on Lamar's website at www.lamar.com. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Sean Reilly. Mr. Reilly, you may begin. 

Sean E. Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 

Thank you, David, and welcome all to Lamar's third quarter conference call. Kevin is out of the country so Keith and I 
will be handling the call today. Let me just hit three quick themes from our third quarter release. Number one, we are 
extremely pleased with the top line growth that the Company is enjoying. On the top line, we are hitting on all 
cylinders across all of our outdoor products. Number two, we are also obviously pleased with the continuing success 
we are enjoying on the digital front. The more we learn about that model the happier we are with how the deployment 
is going. Number three, we have experienced throughout the year some nagging expense issues. 

Keith is going to go into some more detail on that front. But suffice it to say that they are nagging issues, they are not 
anything we can get our arms around and, as we go into '07, the Company has some initiatives in place that will 
hopefully move the expense growth into the 3 to 5% range that you all are more familiar with. 

Before I turn it over to Keith, I am going to hit a couple of the familiar operating metrics that I provide on the 
operations front. First, on Digital, as of November 3, we had 263 units in operation in 79 markets and again, we are 
pleased with the way that rollout is going. Occupancy and rate statistics, interestingly, this quarter we've actually 
picked up a couple of points in occupancy in both categories, Posters and Bulletin. Occupancy Q3 '06 for Posters was 
73%, Q3 '05 was 71%. On the Bulletin side, Q3 '06 82%, Q3 '05 79%. So we are getting some occupancy gains, which 
is nice to see. 

We are also having good gains on the rate side. On the Poster front, Q3 '06 over Q3 '05 a gain of 6% and on the 
Bulletin front Q3 '06 over Q3 '05 10.3% rate gains, so we are getting it on both fronts and that's nice to see. National 
versus Local, it's the same story, 82% local, 18% national. It does appear that after sort of a sluggish end of the summer 
that National is picking up and we are looking at a stronger finish than the mid year. 

On the acquisition front, year-to-date we've closed 63 transactions for a total purchase price of $183, 479,000. Of that 
amount, about 40 million was the purchase of easements. So that's the usual data we go over and I'll turn it over to 


Keith for some more detail on the finances. 

Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 

All righty; I'll be brief. For the third quarter, you saw the press release, the consolidated revenue, EBITDA and 
EBITDA margin results. Overall these were basically in line or slightly ahead of our guidance and expectations by the 
market. Pro forma revenue growth as you saw was up 8.3% for the quarter. As Sean mentioned, this was due to strong 
demand from our customer base and of course the continued expansion of the digital program. Guidance for Q4 for pro 
forma revenue growth is approximately 9%; business is good, it continues to trend well looking out through the end of 
the year. Demand continues to be strong and the digital rollout continues on at an exciting pace. And we'll give some 
more color on that later as far as the digital contribution for the quarter. 

As far as expenses for the third quarter, on a pro forma basis, operating expenses before corporate overhead, and those 
are the expenses related to the billboard, logo, and transit operations only, were up 7.8% for the quarter. To highlight 
some of the contributors to that growth, it continues to be basically the same as in previous quarters, but I've narrowed 
it down to basically three. At the billboard level, higher energy costs accounted for 1% of the 7.8% increase, 
digital-related expenses accounted for 1%. Remember, we are comping against very little digital expense in '05. The 
rollout for digital really began in earnest last year, at the end of the fourth quarter, and in the first quarter of this year. 

On the logo and transit side, as we have talked about in previous quarters, we've seen some creep in some of our 
contract costs, and that cost added 1% also for the quarter to the 7.8. So of the 7.8% growth, the three categories that I 
have mentioned accounted for 3% of that growth. So if you back those out, you'd be at about 4.8 for Q3, which, we 
normally say, our standard pro forma expense growth is between 3 and 5. For Q4 operating expenses before corporate 
overhead, I would assume that the run rate will be approximately the same as Q3 – plus 7% for the quarter. And the 
same drivers that I have mentioned for Q3 would come into play in Q4. The digital – we are hoping we get some relief 
due to the decline in energy prices, but the logo and transit contract expenses will still be in place as well. 

Just to touch on the corporate expense side, our only expenses in corporate, as I think most of you are aware, are people 
and technology. We have spent additional monies so far year-to-date in '06 on those two categories. We are strong 
believers in technology. And – so that's a part of that increase. The other reason for the increase in corporate expenses 
was the third quarter of last year, the corporate expenses were the lowest of any quarter for the 2005 fiscal year. So we 
were up against a tough comp on the corporate side, and we are thinking that, on a pro forma growth basis, that should 
show some decline in Q4. 

Lastly, the CapEx. As you saw in the press release we spent 174 million through the first 9 months of this year, 
September 30. For Q3, we spent 59 million. The breakdown by category, if you haven't seen it, is on the last financial 
schedule on the press release – breaks it down between traditional billboards, digital, logo, transit, real estate, etc. For 
Q4, our expectation is that CapEx spend would be approximately the same as Q3, roughly 60 million. And for the year, 
that would bring our total CapEx spending up to the $230 million mark; we previously thought it might be in the 200 
million area, but we think digital will be running at about the same rate in Q4 as Q3 as well. So digital will come in a 
little higher than expected, at probably about 85 million for the year. That being said, I guess that's all the comments 
from this end and we will open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Chris Ensley with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Thanks for taking the question. I guess I'll ask the obvious. Digital, if you could tell us 
what its contribution was in the quarter, or sometimes you talk about your latest month, what its contribution is. So 
whichever you prefer. And one quick follow-up afterwards. 


<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, I am going interpret the question as, what was digital's contribution to organic growth in Q3? 
Of the 8.4% organic pro forma growth, digital contributed about 2.2% of that. The billing continues to ramp nicely. 
October's billing on the digital side was right at about $3 million in net billing. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: And how many displays would that be in October, this month? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I have the total numbers that were actually up and operational. I don't know how many were in 
billing. So with that caveat we had, as of the end of the month, we had 263 up. I don't if they were all billing. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: And then another thing, last quarter you talked about your real estate category. You said it 
was something to keep an eye on. We have had some of our TV and radio companies say it was a very good category 
for them, a very strong category. And I was wondering if it continued to be the same for you all. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, it's actually been a pleasant surprise. Just to give you the categories of business for 
September, September of '06 real estate was 8% of our book, September of '05 it was 7% of our book. It still remains 
an important category and it seems to be hanging in there nicely. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. Jason Helfstein with CIBC. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Hi, thanks. Two questions. First another digital, and then an expense question. So, if I take 
what you said, as far as 268 displays, and I subtract that from the 175 you had at the end of last quarter and I divide that 
over effectively the four months, right? Because that was as of in October versus September, then monthly run-rate is 
about 22 digital displays a month, and I think you ran at about 19 displays in the second quarter. So my question is, is 
the current run-rate of digital, is it sustainable? So when we think about next year, should the baseline be getting 
roughly 22 displays per month, or potentially more than that? That's question one, and then I'll follow up on expenses. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I am going to do my best to avoid that question. We have been very cautious as we talk about this, 
because of the various logistical and regulatory issues involved in rolling out digital. So I don't know that the difference 
between 19 and 22 is a difference that makes a difference, over the long pull. I do know that we feel very good about 
the pipeline we have, in terms of getting them up, and getting them operational. There are a couple of states that are 
very important to us, from a regulatory point of view. If we got some relief in those states, it would be very nice, those 
being Texas and New York. Obviously large markets, large states with a lot of Lamar markets involved. So those 
things aren't necessarily predictable, but in any event, we are comfortable at the pace we are rolling, and I wouldn't 
want to extrapolate too far out in the future. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay, and then, Keith, on the expenses; what gives you the confidence to say that you can you 
get back to 3 to 5% next year? Clearly you are going to keep spending on digital. So if digital was an additional 
percentage of expense growth, why wouldn't it be something additional next year? And then, can you talk to what gives 
you confidence that you can bring your expenses back to the 3-5% range? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Well, just as we break out the digital revenue contribution to give the market a sense of what the 
core business really does, we'll break out the digital expense contribution to give you a sense of the core expense 
growth as well. So we will segregate that. The other thing is, part of the increase this year was the higher energy costs, 
which has basically been running about 1% a quarter. Energy costs are coming back into line, and we'll be comping 
next year against some tough energy comps. The other thing is on the contract expenses, when those things do lap 
themselves, those contracts are in place on the logo transit side, anywhere between 5 and 10-year terms, with no rate 
hikes. Now, there may be some rate hikes in future renewals. We can't tell that at this point in time. But, again, as I've 
said in the past on this calls, any rate hikes on expenses are followed by rate hikes in revenues as well. You just don't 
see necessarily the hike in revenue, because we don't break it out. And as Sean mentioned, we have had meetings here 
at corporate and with our regional vice presidents in the field, and everybody is diligently focusing on the expense side 


of the equation. We're actually preparing our budgets well in advance of our normal budget cycle, so that we will have 
a look, sooner than we normally do, at expenses. Everybody's been asked to hold the line. So that's pretty much it in a 
nutshell. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, let me just echo Keith. The last few years, our focus has been on making sure that we had 
things in place to take advantage of, number one, the upturn in the ad climate and number two, the rollout of digital. 
Some of the digital expenses we spent were building a platform, that quite frankly will scale and scale nicely. Other 
expenses are probably just the fact that for the last couple of years we haven't really focused that much on that side of 
the equation. We are going to focus a little more tightly going into '07. And so I feel pretty good about it. Again it's 
been a little more nagging this year than we would have liked, but I feet like we will get our arms around it going into 
'07. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gordon Hodge with Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Yeah, good afternoon. Couple of questions. Just can you give us an update on the cost of 
putting up a digital bulletin or a digital poster, whether there's been any changes there? And then if you could talk 
about, just to clarify on the digital revenue contribution of 2.2%. I gather that what you are looking at is revenue 
incremental to the prior boards, or in other words stripping out what they would have made last year, and just looking 
at the incremental that came from digital. Is that fair to say? And also on the expense side, is that also the right way to 
interpret it? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, Gordon, that's correct. I am looking to Keith to make sure that that amount of rigor went into 
the calculation, but essentially we strip out what the boards otherwise would have billed last year. And it's a net 
incremental gain. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Okay. So 2.5% off of the base of last year might be like 6 million of revenue, and then the 
digital probably did more than that, given that it probably did some revenue, obviously, last year? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Correct. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Terrific. And then just on the cost to put up a digital sign these days for bulletins and posters. 
Any --? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, no change there. No change there, Gordon. We kind of flattened out the curve a little bit. I 
think you guys have heard this before from us, that one of the reasons is we keep insisting on better resolution, and so 
while we are driving the cost curve with volume purchasing, we are flattening it, because we are getting a better 
product. As we said today, there I no change from previous discussions. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Terrific. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. Jonathan Jacoby with Banc of America. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Hey, good afternoon. First question, I know you've been asked this many times, but do you 
have any better sense of how many boards you can turn into digital? The second is, it seems in the quarter, you had a 
slow down in your stock buyback program in the second quarter, about 19 million versus about 88.5. Just thoughts on 
free cash flow deployment. Then lastly, although I know you've been sort of beaten up on the expense question, but can 


you break out perhaps the expense growth by segment? The billboards posters as one bucket, and maybe logos and 
transit as another. Last call there was a lot of talk on some of the contracts that you had. I am wondering if basically we 
have to go through a cycle of some contract re-negotiations so we'll get some moderation in the expenses from those 
segments. Thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: You want to hit the expense thing real quick? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah. We generally try to stay away from segment reporting, but because we are on the high side of 
the expense range, we'll go ahead and talk to it. On the Outdoor side, and this is all before corporate overhead, for the 
third quarter our Outdoor pro forma growth was 6.8%, and expenses on our logo side, it was 31%, and on our transit 
side it was 10%. Now, the three of those, a total of, on a consolidated basis to the 7.8. So logo and transit added 1% to 
that 6.8 that the Outdoor produced. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Let me talk briefly to the notion of digital penetration across our whole footprint. I have said this in 
other settings, but I don't know that the right question is: You have a 150,000 billboards, how many can be digital? The 
way we look at it is, given a middle market, let's call it Little Rock, Arkansas. What is the critical mass of advertisers 
that can afford the wide-scale deployment of a digital product? What is the absorption rate of the local market? When 
do you hit saturation? And we do not know that answer yet. We are very pleased with the variety of settings within 
which we've deployed digital. It seems like it works in big markets, small markets, competitive markets, large formats, 
small format. They work networked, they work standalone. We have a variety of different ways in which we package 
digital and they all seem to be appealing to our advertisers. 

But we haven't reached that point where we know yet how much digital a given market can absorb, and that point at 
which we begin to cannibalize our core business. I think it's going to be a high grade problem; I personally believe that 
we are going to get to go a long way before we hit that wall. But we haven't deployed enough digital in a single market 
to give you a clear-cut answer yet. So that's really the best answer I can give you. We do know that in a given middle 
market that there can be a digital network of posters, operating alongside a handful of bulletins. We don't know that we 
can have another digital network of posters in a given market; we are going to find that out pretty soon, hopefully next 
year. We haven't hit the saturation point on bulletins yet. How many bulletins can a middle market hold? So anyway we 
look forward to finding those answers and as soon as we know you will know. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: And then on the buyback? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Oh, the buyback. I think that was a logistical issue in terms of the blackout period, Keith. The 
question was the buyback slowdown in --? 

<A - Keith Istre>: No, we had a 10b5-1 arrangement, which we always do in every blackout period and we had set the 
number of shares and the price at which we would buy back. And once that buyback agreement is in place it's not 
changeable. So as soon as the blackout is lifted we will begin again at whatever level we deem appropriate. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Great, thank you so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Miss Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thanks. Do you have any change to your digital billboard forecast for the year? I know you 
said you had 263 at November 3. So I am assuming that you are going to have more than the 275 that you had stated 
previously. And then also can you just tell us if what gain on the disposition of assets was for $7.5 million? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Marci, this is Keith. That gain was due to the airplane that we sold. We had a question on the last 
call about why operating equipment CapEx was up to 10 million and we mentioned that we had acquired a new 
airplane and we sold the other one for 7 million. It had no basis; it was fully depreciated. So that's the $7 million gain 
you see on the P&L. 


<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Okay. And the digital forecast for the year? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Probably going to be what we put out there before. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: 275? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, I think we'll beat that. I don't know about how much, but we feel good. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. James Dix from Deutsche Bank 

<Q - James Dix>: Good afternoon, everybody. Just a couple of questions. I guess first, in terms of the category growth 
that you are seeing going into the fourth quarter, Sean, you mentioned that national was picking up a little bit, any 
categories in particular contributing to that? And then second, what margins are you seeing on the digital displays that 
you've set up once they hit a run rate? I'm just curious as to how that's shaking out, especially with the energy costs 
which you are seeing for them. And then finally, what do you think, how important is supply as a gating factor on the 
digital rollout right now? Just the ability of suppliers to meet the demand that you and others have for them? Thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: The last question first. Supply is not a huge gating issue; it's a little bit of a backlog. I think delivery 
now we're being quoted 90, 60. About 60 days from making the order and getting the board. So that's not so bad. On 
the sort of model, I'm going to use some round numbers based on September's net billing for digital. We had run rate 
billing in September of about 30 million annualized net digital, and the margin on that was in excess of 20 million run 
rate cash flow. We try to very rigorously slice and dice and make sure that we are accurate here and every time we slice 
it we are coming with about a 67% incremental margin contribution from digital, a single digital unit. We are also very 
comfortable in saying that the return on investment, given the CapEx to put those units in operation, which was about 
$50 million is a 40% higher arc. So as I look at the business, as of September's billing that's the business we've built 
and those are the fundamentals and we like it. Was there anything else? 

<Q - James Dix>: Just the categories, the growth you are seeing going into 4Q? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: It's the same categories of business that you are familiar with us talking about on the national side. 
Wireless is doing fine, auto is doing fine. Regionally, as I mentioned earlier, the real estate category is extremely strong 
in certain parts of the country, out West and in the Southeast. It really is across the board. We are not seeing anything 
that would suggest anything other than good strong demand across the board. 

<Q - James Dix>: Okay, great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Laraine Mancini with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Thank you. You had mentioned in the past that you were trying to sign longer term leases on 
areas that you thought might be beneficial for digital billboards. What percent of that do you have done and what types 
of rate increases are you seeing there? And second, on your logo expense from the higher cost of those contracts, when 
will we anniversary that? And when do you expect the CapEx for digital billboards will start to go down? When 
resolution will peak and you'll be able to get the costs down? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: On the cost of a digital unit, we're very comfortable with the resolution we're buying right now and 
it took us a while to get there. When we first rolled these things out they had pitches in the 30s and now we're down to 
the low 20s and we're comfortable where we are. So hopefully as we get more units purchased either through our 
industry or other entrants into the manufacturing arena, the cost curve will start going down again. Keith, do you have 


information on when the logo contracts cycle through? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah. On the transit logo contracts, we had a couple of additions, renewals in the back half of the 
third quarter, I guess, of last year. We had mentioned previously that we were adding to the expense creep in the back 
half of last year and the first half of this year and of course those have lapped themselves. We had several, two on the 
logo side, and three or four on the transit side that were renewed in May and August of this year '06. A couple of them 
were large logo stage and one or two larger transit markets. So we won't see a coming around on those until the end of 
the second quarter and third quarter of next year. Not counting any additional increases in contracts that are coming up 
for renewal, of which we don't have that many. We had one that renewed, a large one that renewed in October of this 
year. And it renewed at no increase in fees whatsoever. So we were very pleased at that result. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: And in terms of your lease? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Oh, the question about leases. Typically, it's like any other real estate transaction. If it's a very 
valuable piece of real estate and you are going to try to go long, you are going to pay a little more. Our view of the 
world is that, given the capital expenditure we are putting on a particular piece of ground for digital, that we want to be 
secure. So I don't have an exact number for you, because you are talking about thousands of individual negotiations that 
are going to be ranging all across the board. Those fundamentals of real estate, we are not immune to. When we go 
long it costs us a little more, but we are believers in the digital business model, and we are willing to make that 
sacrifice to make digital happen. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. John Blackledge with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thanks for taking the question. Couple of things. What kind of delays have you guys 
experienced from the municipalities, on average, when you decide to go into a market and put up boards? Generally 
what kind of pushback or delays? Second, the margin that you set for September – was that a blended margin – 
bulletins and posters? Then just wondering how many boards are networked of the total, at this point? Thank you. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Sure. That was a blended margin – posters and bulletins. We are experiencing a slightly better 
return on investment with bulletins than posters, but both of them are investments you would want us to make. How 
many are networked? Most of the posters we are deploying are digital networked posters. I don't have a number 
offhand. If I went market-by-market, I could tell you. But I've got the number of posters and the number of bulletins, 
but I don't have them by whether they are networked or not. Why don't I give you that? 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Okay. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Of the 263, 146 were bulletins and 117 were posters. And again, some of those bulletins are 
networked. A lot of those posters are networked. But keep in mind, they are networked within the DMA. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Right. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: That's how we sell them. So I suppose, offline, I could give you a more detailed answer on that. 
Was there another part of the question? 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Yeah, the other question was the average – and this is probably tough – but the average delay 
that you get from a municipality that you try to go into? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, again, that's individual negotiations. I will give you the tenor of them. We've been surprised, 
actually, over the last year and a half. By and large, the local discussions are very fruitful. Once city administrators 
actually see the unit, and they understand we are not putting up motion pictures, once they see the amount of light 
emitted, they are generally comfortable. I mentioned two states we are having issues in – Texas and New York. We are 


probably going to create some headlines there. You will see some skirmishes between some local Lamar markets and 
cities in those states, because we are fighting an interpretive battle there with the state regulators, and the city 
administrators are a little more skittish. But the bigger picture story is once people actually see the units, they get very 
comfortable with them very quickly. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Great, thank you. I was wondering how often does the Board review other potential methods to 
get your leverage into your target range? Then second, with some larger market billboard assets being talked about 
potentially for sale, are there any other areas of the United States that you think would help build out your platform, 
especially with respect to digital? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, on the digital front, right now our attitude is it works well everywhere. So I don't think there 
is large market/small market difference there. We obviously – when you look at our overall footprint, it would be nice 
for us to have a larger presence in some of the top ten markets. That would probably be a good thing for us. It's not a 
necessary thing, but it would probably be a good thing in terms of our national sales effort, and it would in all 
likelihood accelerate the rollout of digital. The board, at every board meeting, thinks about where our leverage is and 
where it ought to be, and thinks about various ways to get to the optimal leverage. I think that's, obviously, if Kevin 
were here, he would be fielding this question. That's one of his fundamental charges, but without speaking for Kevin or 
the board, I can tell you that at every Board meeting, that's a topic of conversation, and we get extremely rigorous and 
good advice on it. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. John Klim with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Klim>: Good afternoon, guys. Any discrepancy between the performance by region? And then more 
specifically, have you seen any help wanted advertising on the digital side? Thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yes, this is going to be anecdotal, but we have had some what would have traditionally been 
newspaper help wanted use our digitals. That was the case in Scranton, for example. But again, that's anecdotal; I don't 
have any statistics for you, percentages or anything like that. The other question was about --? 

<Q - John Klim>: Any discrepancy between performance by region? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Same story. Life is a little more difficult in Michigan. [Laughter] But again, if I break it out, 
Heartland/Midwest and East Coast/West Coast, it's not like the Heartland is in a recession. It's the difference between 4 
and 5% organic growth, and 6 and 7. And on the coasts, it's again the difference between 6 and 7, and 7 and 8. So it's a 
little bit bicoastal, a little bit more challenging in the Heartland, but nobody is talking – none of our folks that run our 
operations there are talking about recession. 

<Q - John Klim>: Great. And then if I may follow up, did you see an influx of political? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I am sorry? 

<Q - John Klim>: An influx of political dollars. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: We get a little bit of political. Most of that goes to TV. I mean, if you were looking for the type of 
seasonality, or I guess annuality, that TV experiences, we don't have anything like that in terms of a noticeable pop in 


our book. 

<Q - John Klim>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. Jim Boyle with C.L. King. 

<Q - James Boyle>: Good afternoon. What has been your digital ad rate increases year-on-year on any digital 
renewals? Second, are the poster clients in the last quarter or so, are they booking their short-term business any earlier, 
so as to tie up their preferred locations? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I think, Jim, what you are trying to get to is, are we going to get a nice influx of retail and 
something different happening in December than normally happens with the outdoor product. If I am gleaning your 
question correctly. I think it's too early to tell. A lot of times we put these things up and they are sold out for the year. 
So I am not convinced that I am going to be able to give you a good read on whether we are selling short better, or 
whether customers are lining up because they want to be in a certain place for Christmas. So I think it's too early to 
make a judgment call on that, primarily because we are selling digital like our regular product. We are selling them 
with annual contracts, so it's hard to get a read. 

<Q - James Boyle>: No, actually, I was talking about the static poster business, and is the economy in any way moving 
about that would suggest these people are going to start booking business earlier or later? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: For next year, or for the fourth quarter? 

<Q - James Boyle>: Fourth quarter. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I can tell you that the fourth quarter looks real strong. Obviously, most people have their plans in 
place, and it's done, and it's probably already showing up in our book. It's been a long time since we were able to sit 
here and say we are looking at, plus or minus, 9%. I think that speaks volumes for you. That's the only way I can 
answer that one, Jim. 

<Q - James Boyle>: And you don't have any feel yet on digital ad rate differences until you hit those annuals? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, I mean, again, and this something – you and I have talked about this, and other folks have 
asked. At the end of the day, I don't think we are probing the potential of the business model because we continue to 
sell long, and I think once we get better at selling digital short, you are going to see the real power of the medium. 

<Q - James Boyle>: And how much of Q4 is already booked to budget compared to last year at this time? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: You are going to be skewed – there is a little noise in that because of the digital, but basically all of 
it. I mean you can extrapolate the 9 and we are there. 

<Q - James Boyle>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. Anthony DiClemente with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Good afternoon. I just wanted to step out of some of the minutia for a second and ask 
kind of a broader question, which is, a lot of us on this call also cover radio companies, and you are always being talked 
about in the context of radio valuation. And even going back five years ago, radio traded in the mid 20s, outdoor was 
always some haircut discount to radio, now it's a premium to radio. And so I guess my question is maybe radio actually 
is not the right comp comparison in terms of multiple or valuation to you and your stock. And so this is just broadly for 
Kevin or Keith, how would you suggest we think about comparisons, valuation comparisons to Lamar? If not radio, 


what other sectors, and in what other time periods would you suggest we think about that? Thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, I mean that's a difficult question to ask of us. But prior to the challenges radio was having – 
is currently having with its audience, if you go back about 5 years, and then from that point go back about 30 years, I 
don't think it was an unfair comp. I mean, you can go back 30 years and radio and outdoor pretty much performed 
fairly similarly. And I don't think that's the case today. I think that radio is struggling with its audience, customers are 
wondering if they are getting what they bargained for relative to the number of years. And I think obviously television 
and newspaper are wrestling with the same issue. We're not. When you take a look at it, our audience is tending to 
grow. It's a fact more people are spending more time in traffic, commute times are longer. So I don't know that there is 
a good comp in the traditional media space for outdoor. Just judge us for what we do, judge us for how we perform, and 
we'll try to keep living up to your expectations. 

David, we'll take one more and then call it a day. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our last question comes from Mr. Bishop Cheen with Wachovia. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Hi, guys, thanks for taking the question. Let me just go back to, feels like a half hour ago, 
mentioning the year-to-date acquisitions; it was around 183.5. Question is how much of that was in stock or was it 
pretty much all cash? And secondly was that year-to-date or to September 30? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: That's year-to-date, Bishop, and it was all cash. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: All cash, okay. So you haven't been, unlike some other years in the past, you haven't been using 
your stock as currency? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: No, basically at the end of the day, if there is a tremendous transaction and the seller is very tax 
sensitive and really believes in Lamar, we may make an exception. But what we're seeing now is we're in stock 
buyback mode and pay cash for asset mode. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Okay, good enough. 

Sean E. Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 

All right, thank you, guys. Thank you all for listening and we look forward to our call in February to discuss the full 
year and the fourth quarter. David, that's it. Thanks. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, you may disconnect at this time. The conference is now concluded. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


