Q2 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 
• Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 
• Sean E. Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Excuse me everyone. We now have Kevin Reilly, Sean Reilly and Keith Istre in conference. Please be aware that each 
of your line is in listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the company's presentation, we will open the floor for 
questions. At that time, instructions will be given as procedure to follow if you like to ask a question. 

In the course of this discussion, Lamar may make forward-looking statements about the company, including statements 
about its future financial performance and conditions, operational plans and strategies and market opportunities. Lamar 
has identified important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this call in 
the company's report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, and a registration statement Lamar has filed with the SEC. Lamar refers 
you to those documents. Lamar's second quarter earnings release, which contains the information required by 
Regulation G with respect to certain non-GAAP financial measures included therein was furnished to the SEC on a 
Form 8-K this morning and is available on Lamar's Web site, www.lamar.com. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Reilly. Mr. Reilly, you may begin. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Melvin. I would like to welcome our shareholders and friends to our Q2 earnings call. We felt we'd do 
something a little bit different today. We had our bring-down call yesterday with management, and we thought it might 
be useful for you – for us to just go – touch on the major items on the agenda, so I'm just going to follow the agenda 
that we used yesterday, and hopefully, the themes that we've been discussing throughout the year will come through. 

Operations on the sales side, no significant concerns there. We're watching the real estate category and the motel 
category, as rising interest rates and rising energy costs may have an impact in those two areas. Very pleased with 
healthcare and also, we're very pleased actually with the real estate category. It's up significantly over last year. Our 
sales were turbocharged somewhat by the digital, which is very pleasing, and Sean will get into that later on the call. 

On the operating leverage side, in spite of the fact that energy prices are beginning to show up throughout the line items 
on our operating statement, our outdoor looks like for the second half of the year will be on the high side of the range, 
which would be between 3 and 5%. However, the renewal of transit franchises and logo franchises is putting some 
pressure on our earlier guidance where we said that we thought that by the second half of the year, we'd fall in between 
3 and 5%. So, we'll see how it – we'll have to see how that plays out over the second half of the year. 

On the real estate portfolio, we – more of our landlords are beginning to appreciate the value proposition that we're 
putting forth regarding easement offers. Perhaps it's because the idea that 6% cap rates are not here to stay, but that's 
very helpful to the organization. And one thing that we're finding is we're getting better at the timing of these things as 
far as being able to reach an agreement and then close an agreement on time in an efficient, orderly way. 


On the digital front, we're exceeding expectations in just about every category. We should have 275 units up by year 
end. The only concern is there are some capacity issues with our two domestic vendors. We've got a lot of orders in the 
queue, and we're experiencing some delays there. On the CapEx front for the rest of the year, we are going to exceed 
guidance for the year. Most of the overrun is good news. It's because of an increase in our digital expenditures. 
However, we do have some one-offs that Keith will mention later on in the call. Lastly, in July, we completed our $250 
million stock buyback, and although currently we have not asked for nor do we have any approval for a renewal of the 
program, we do expect to make an announcement regarding that shortly. Overall, the tone of the conversation yesterday 
was upbeat across all fronts, and I'm looking forward to finishing out the rest of the year. 

With that, I would like to turn the call over to Keith to walk through the numbers, and then he'll turn it over to Sean for 
some more operating detail. 

Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 

Okay, just a few highlights. Obviously, you saw in the press release that we had – on the revenue side, we had 
produced approximately 288 million for the quarter. Just to refresh everybody's memory, we had guided to 
approximately 284 in total revenue, and on a pro forma basis, approximately 6% top line growth. So, we did a little bit 
better than that. And on the consolidated EBITDA margins for the quarter, we were at 47.1% versus 47.4% last second 
quarter of '05. 

Just to run through the pro forma growth numbers by category that is in your press release on the back page, revenue 
was up 6.8% in the second quarter; direct and G&A expenses before corporate overhead was up 6.7%, I'm going to 
come back to that and give you a little color on that; outdoor operating income before corporate overhead was 6.9; 
corporate overhead was 9.3; EBITDA was 6.8% on a pro forma basis; and consolidated expenses, which are the direct 
and G&A outdoor and the corporate overhead, was 6.9. 

On the expense side, we had guided for approximately 6 plus on a consolidated expense basis for the quarter. We'd 
talked about it, I guess, since the end of last year, saying that first half expenses were going to be running higher due to 
a couple of one-off items. That being said, let's talk about the growth in the direct and G&A outdoor expenses for the 
quarter, that was the 6.7%, and that includes expenses for the outdoor segment of our business, the billboards, 
traditional and digital, the logo business, and the transit business. For the quarter, that 6.7% made up of those three 
segments translates basically as follows. Outdoor on a pro forma basis was up 5.1, logo was up 15, and transit was up 

22. The outdoor was at the top end of our normal guidance, which we normally say is 3 to 5% on a pro forma basis, and 
there were a couple of items that did effect that number slightly in a negative way, energy costs of course, our truck 
fuel was up 30%, and our illumination, which is the cost that we spent to light our boards, was up 10. That was $1 
million in additional expenses in Q2 of '06 that was not in Q2 of '05, so that accounted for 1% of that 5.1. We did have 
some continued vegetation control that we had discussed as a one-off item that was going to be in Q3 and 4 of last year 
and 1 and 2 of this year. That was about $0.5 million of that accelerated program that we incurred in Q2. 
That being said, on the outdoor side in looking at Q3, we think that on a pro forma basis, we will probably end up at 
about the same number, about a 5% expense growth on the billboard side, partly due to higher energy costs, the going 
long nature on our lease renewal programs, and just some other various and sundry items. On the logo and transit, the 
reason for those much higher expenses, as I think we discussed on the last call, is due to increased fees to the states and 
the municipalities when we go and renew these contracts when they expire. So, we don't see much of a change in that 
going forward for the rest of this year. Overall, we're thinking that consolidated expenses with corporate overhead 
should be in the plus 6 to 6.5 range for Q3. 

Going forward, you can see the free cash flow, we're running about 50% behind in Q2 and for the year to date, and on 
the last page of the press release, the schedule that shows the pro forma results and then down at the bottom it says 
capital expenditure detail by category, we broke it out very precisely, which is generally not the way that we present it, 
but it shows the CapEx by category: Billboards traditional, which was 24.2 million for the quarter, billboards digital, 
logo, transit, land and buildings, operating equipment, and then the final storm reconstruction tab. So, the items that 


are, of course, causing us to go backwards in free cash flow is the digital, the interest expense, due to the increase in 
rates and total outstanding debt, and some of the reconstruction left over from the storm. 

To kind of give you a sense of where we are going to end up in total CapEx for the year, last – I guess at the beginning 
of the year, we said that we would spend approximately 110 million on all CapEx before digital, and that digital would 
be approximately 50 million. So, we would look – we were looking at spending about 160 million for the year '06. In 
talking to all of our guys in the field yesterday, we revised those numbers. The 110 in traditional CapEx before digital 
now becomes $130 million for '06 and digital now becomes 70 million versus 50 million. So, we're going to be looking 
at an additional 40 million in CapEx, 20 in traditional, and 20 in digital, and we'll end up the year at about 200 million 
in total CapEx versus the 160 that we originally projected. 

That being said, Sean, I guess I will turn it over to you. 

Sean E. Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 

Sure. Thanks, Keith. And what I will do is walk through some of the traditional metrics that I lay out and then get into a 
little more detail on our digital deployment. Let me quote occupancy Q2 '06 over Q2 '05. For posters, 74% as opposed 
to 75% Q2 '05. For bulletins, 81% versus 80% Q2 '05. Our digital deployment has put a little bit of white noise into 
those numbers, not dramatic, but going forward, the way I would categorize that is say let's just call it mid-70s for 
posters, let's call it low-80s for bulletins, and the take home message is that on occupancy, we're roughly flat with last 
year, same time. What that tells you is we're getting it through rate. On posters, Q2 '06, we were up 5.6%, and for 
bulletins on rate, Q2 '06 over Q2 '05, we were up 8.3%. Again, there's probably a little bit of static in those numbers 
because of our digital deployment, not dramatic, so I think you could say on rate, posters were up 5.5, bulletins were up 
a little over 8%. 

On our national versus local, no change there. We're still at 82% local, 18% national. On the acquisition front, we've 
closed 34 transactions year to date at a total purchase price of $107 million, and those were all cash transactions. On 
our categories of business, no dramatic changes. Kevin mentioned we're monitoring a couple of categories, one of 
which is doing very, very well, and we're pleased with it; it's the real estate category. Obviously, we need to watch it 
given what seems to be going on out there in that marketplace, and we're also watching the hotel/motel business, given 
what's going on with fuel prices and their business. Our hotel/motel business on an absolute basis is flat over the last 
three years. On a relative basis, as a percentage of our book, it's ticked down a point as other categories go up, so we 
are monitoring that pretty closely. In general, national seems to be pacing better than it was at the beginning of the year. 
July was up 7% on the national side versus a year-to-date number of up 5%, so we're happy with the trend we're seeing 
on the national sales side. 

Let me give you some digital numbers on absolute number of boards. In billing in July, we had 175 digital units up in 
62 markets. We're very pleased with the way that's going, and as Kevin mentioned, it's beginning to make a significant 
contribution to what our otherwise same store growth would be. To give you a sense of that, looking back to the second 
quarter, the whole second quarter, our pro forma same store growth was 6.8%, 1.4% of that was digital. And going 
forward into this quarter, you'll probably see months that look a lot like that, so we're very pleased with what digital's 
doing for our core business. Our management team is incredibly excited in the field. Our whole organization is really 
jazzed about what we're doing there and they've really embraced it and they're doing a great job. My hat's off to them. 
So, with that, we will now open up the call for questions. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

Melvin, you want to open up the call for Q&A? 

Q&A 


Operator 

Yes sir. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jason 
Helfstein with CIBC World Markets. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thank you very much. I guess, let's just dig in a little bit into, well I guess, like the trends in 
logo. When you do these contracts, you see, I guess, a step up in the renewals and then after that, does the margin go 
back to kind of seeing margin improvements? In other words, are you amortizing the increased costs in these new 
contracts or you pay the step-up and then after that, you go back to seeing margin improvement? The reason I ask that 
is if ultimately those businesses are going to be – going to drag down your margin, your overall growth over time, is 
that a business you want to get away from? And I have got one follow up. Thanks. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Jason, this is Keith. On the logo contracts, when we have renewed these contracts in the past, along 
with the expense increase, we also get a rate increase. We just can't raise rates indiscriminately. Everybody pays the 
same price until the contract comes up for renewal, and at that time, if there's an increase in fees, or if there's not an 
increase in fees, we have the right to ask for an increase in rates. So, those two go hand in hand. In one instance, the 
expense increase did outstrip the rate increase, so there was a slight falloff in margins in one of the states, not 
significant, but it did slightly go down. And remember, those are high margin businesses to begin with. In another state 
that we just renewed, there was a significant increase in the fee to the state, but there was also a significant rate 
increase, and that increase in rate offset the increase in expense, so our cash flow stayed the same. On the transit side, 
it's a low margin business to begin with, 20% EBITDA margins, and it's a hit or miss thing. We've got a lot of these 
things. We've probably got 50 or 60 transit contracts, and I don't think that that would have a significant – it's only 5% 
of our total revenue. So, I don't think it would have a significant impact on the bottom line or on the top line. We are 
just delineating those to give you a sense of where the expense growth is coming from. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Jason, our philosophy on the transit side, it's portfolio management. We have a portfolio of 
arrangements with staggered maturities, and obviously the game is not to fall in love with any one franchise, so that 
you – when it comes time for renewal that you find yourself upside down. So, you try to enter into the business at a 
reasonable price and then you maintain your portfolio. And because there's no CapEx, it's not a bad business to be in 
even though the margins are 20%. The logo business is a little bit different. There is CapEx when you first build out the 
program, but we've been in that business since the '80s, and so it's mature and there are new entrants into the 
marketplace. And so going forward, there will be – as these things are renewed, there will be pressure on our margins. 
Again, it's a small part of what we do, but it is also a very good business. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay, so how should we think about it going forward, does that drag the margins for the next 
12 months until you get past comping against the new contracts? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Let me hit that one, Jason. This is Sean. To again put it in perspective, in terms of being a portfolio, 
if you put the logo businesses together with the transit businesses, it represents about $100 million on the top line for 
us, and about $45 million in EBITDA. It also, as Kevin mentioned, contains about 100 different contracts, so you've 
got a big portfolio. No single contract represents more than 1.5 to 2% of the billing or the cash flow of that pie. So, 
again, looking at it from 30,000 feet, you got a total business that's going to do something north of $1 billion this year 
in net billing, and something north of – or right around 500 million in EBITDA. Less than 10% of that is in that 
category of businesses that rely on franchise renewals. My goal, as I manage that portfolio that is again about 100 
million in revenue on the top and about 45 million in EBITDA, is to in aggregate have it have the same growth 
characteristics as our core business. In my view, if we can't do that, then we haven't achieved our goal. So, I'm 
committing that it will not be a – over time, it will not be a drag on our margins from where we are today. But, we have 
to manage it and we have to do it correctly, and it has different characteristics than our core business. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: The short answer to your question is, if we get lucky next year on the renewals, there will not 
be an expense drag on the company, but this year, it was significant. I mean, outdoor's headed – if all things go right, in 
spite of the energy costs that are costing us a point, we're in the range between 3 and 5%, but those two items plus 
corporate overhead are pushing us outside the range for this year. 


<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay. So, basically, we're thinking more like a three-year model, like the goal would be – the 
only reason why your expenses would go higher with respect to easements and going long on the leases, which is a 
function of just better growth on the digital business? I mean, that's your goal on kind of a two to three year basis, 
would you agree with that? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Yes, on the outdoor side, those would be the things that would drive it, ex energy costs. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Ensley with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the call. You are running ahead of pace, certainly to our 
expectations, on the digital side. And previously, I think at a conference – a media conference, as well as your last call, 
you talked about what run rate revenues were and you gave some numbers for July. But, I was wondering if you could 
provide what digital might have added to both revenues and I'm not sure if you provided EBITDA in those cases, but if 
you could do that for July? 

<A - Keith Istre>: For what period, Chris? 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: You said that at the end of July, you had 175 units, and then you talked about pro forma 
growth might have been 6.4%, 1.4 with digital. But is there a more concrete way of saying what it might have 
contributed to the month in terms of revenues? 

<A - Keith Istre>: In the month of July, the revenue was approximately $2 million, net revenue from digital. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: And then it sounds like excluding year-over-year energy impact, that going forward – let's 
say '07, assuming we're not talking about $100 oil or something, that you're still saying that long term this is a 3 to 5% 
expense growth industry? There's nothing pressuring you that's unique to the outdoor industry that would change that? 

<A - Keith Istre>: No. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from James Dix with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - James Dix>: Good morning, gentlemen. Just a couple of things. Just quickly, I guess, for Keith. For that 6 to 
6.5% expectation you have for the third quarter, that's comparable to the 6.7 that you posted in the second quarter? 
<A - Keith Istre>: Yes. 
<Q - James Dix>: Okay. 
<A - Keith Istre>: Well, no. 
<Q - James Dix>: It's not? 
<A - Keith Istre>: I'm sorry. I said the 6 to 6.5, we were thinking that would be all consolidated, including corporate. 
<Q - James Dix>: Okay. And so what was that in the second quarter? 
<A - Keith Istre>: 6.9. 



<Q - James Dix>: Okay. So, it's coming down a little bit. Okay. And then on the digital side, you mentioned, Kevin, 
some backlogs on the digital just in terms of your suppliers, but what's the pricing you're starting to see on some of 
these orders that you're putting in? And then I guess, just looking at the number of markets you're in versus the number 
of boards you have, I mean, where do you stand in terms of networking your boards in particular markets? How many 
of these boards are standalone versus as part of networks? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Currently, we have more standalones than we have networks, because standalones are less 
risky for management to deploy, so that's become more popular right now. And so, what they do is they build one and 
it's in a high-demand location. They fill it up with customers, and then as they build others in the marketplace, then 
they start to network them. So, that's how we're deploying these things. But, by the end of the year, the 275 units that 
we'll have up, I would say 25% will be part of a network right now, and then the balance – I'm really pulling these 
numbers out of the air, 25 to 30% would be part of a network, and the balance would be one-offs. At the end of the day, 
they will all be networked in some form or fashion. 

The field, they're coming up with interesting ways of doing it. For example, in Las Vegas, they're rotating the 
customers, so you have six spots per unit, seven to eight units, and so that's 48 customers, and they are rotating from 
location to location. So, it's not really a day part, where the customer can blast its message through every location. So, 
every market is sort of different right now and we're very content to let the local markets sort of decide how they're 
going to deploy these things, and how they are going to market them. And then as – we hope in a couple of years we 
have something that's attractive to national customers, and then we'll have to be a little bit more uniform in the way that 
we sell them. But, the take-home message is even though we've allowed experiments across – is it 70 markets? Yes. 
Across 70 markets, we've pretty much exceeded expectations in every market. There have been a couple of markets 
where we're below expectations, but they're just getting geared up, and we think that when back to school starts, they'll 
meet or exceed their expectations as well. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Let me hit the pricing real quick. Pretty much the same story that we told on the last call. The 
largest format, 14-48s, are in the mid-300,000 range, and the smaller poster format, the 10-by-25s, are in the sort of half 
of that, let's call it 175 range. We are deploying better resolution boards, and so the cost curve isn't coming down as 
dramatically as it might otherwise, because as we're ordering more, we're also ordering better. We expect that the 
resolution we're deploying today is the resolution that is the standard. And so we're hopeful that the cost curve will 
begin to look more like it did a year and a half to two years ago, when there were 30, 40% drops in price. Right now, 
we've kind of hit a little bit of a plateau as we get better resolution out into the field. And so that's sort of the story on 
the cost curve. And as Kevin mentioned, we have a variety of different models out there, networked, rotaries, big 
format, small format, and the experience across the board has been a pleasant one. 

<Q - James Dix>: Okay. That's great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Laraine Mancini with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Good morning. The industry's been pretty consolidated for years, and it seems like there have 
been one-off acquisitions that have probably consolidated a bit more. If you were to guess, what percent of the industry 
is held by the three operators, and what does that mean in terms of needing to keep capacity to do more M&A, or do 
you feel like at this point that you can use your free cash flow to de-lever or buyback shares? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: The numbers that I think still hold for the consolidated traditional outdoor in the domestic US is 
about 85%, which means about 15% is unconsolidated. That represents a lot of asset value, so there's still a little bit of 
runway out there. But, your point is well taken. You can see what we've done the last couple of years. We're guiding to 
about 150 million in acquisitions this year, and I can see that being the number for the next couple of years. Maybe 
instead of being between 150 and 200, it's between 100 and 150, for Lamar, I mean. So, the issue of the other uses for 
the capital, I'll defer to Kevin and Keith on that. 


<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Well, Laraine, we're out there with our priorities, and a share buyback program is one of 
those. But, we've been instructed that to say that currently, we have not asked for nor have we approval for such a 
program going forward. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Can you tell me if you think that another approval would be at similar level as the old one or 
do you think you'll get more aggressive or --? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: We have been instructed not to address that until we are ready to make an announcement. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Klim with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Klim>: Hi, good morning. Two quick questions for you. Are there any regions that are out-performing or 
under-performing? And then, secondly, does it matter to you all if the outdoor industry gets a rating system? Outdoors 
is already out-performing its local advertising peers, so do you really feel like you need it? Thanks. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Let me hit the regional question first, because there is a slight regional variance in our book of 
business. It has been – the story is probably familiar to all of you. We have a coastal economy right now. The northwest 
and western regions are doing very well, the northeast and southeast and mid-Atlantic coastal areas are doing well, and 
the upper Midwest and Midwest are struggling a little bit. So – and to put it in perspective, it's not a recession there. It's 
something that looks like 4% as opposed to 7%, so they're in the four, five same store, and the coastals are in the seven, 
eight range. So, there is a little bit of regional disparity and what I would view as the strength of the local economy. 
Kevin, you want to take the second one on the ratings? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: On the ratings, I think ratings are important for us. We're cost sensitive regarding the ratings 
because of our business. 85% of our business is local and they don't buy our space based on ratings. They intuitively 
know who their best potential customers are and how to reach those customers, and which boards are best for them. So, 
it's all about – for us, it's all about cost, but will it turbo-charge national sales? All the pundits say that it will. We just 
want to make sure that – we want to participate and do our fair share for the industry, but we're extremely cost 
conscious. 

<Q - John Klim>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Bishop Cheen with Wachovia. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Thanks for taking the question. I just want to review a couple of quick things, two questions. 
One, on the 20 million incremental increase to CapEx for the boards, the higher guidance, with 175 now with a goal of 
275 units by year end, is that correct? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Yes. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Okay. Can you give us an idea of the mix of big boards and small boards that will be added? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: No. You're getting too forward on us there. It's an iterative process and we have orders in the 
queue and – is it once a week? We have a call once a week where people turn in their orders and so, it's just – it's a 
moving target, so I really can't break it out for you. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Okay. Away from that, just a little housekeeping, on the balance sheet, can you just walk us 
through, it's not real complicated, I know about the converts, and moving up, there is some cap leases in that total debt 
number? 


<A - Keith Istre>: No. That's just all debt. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: So, it's just the -


<A - Keith Istre>: Fix and the floating -


<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Ex bonds and then – and do you happen to have your average cost of capital on your floating 
debt handy? 

<A - Keith Istre>: On the floating it would be about 6.4 on the floating. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: All right. Thanks guys. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Barton Crockett with JP Morgan. 

<Q - Robert Milacci>: Good morning this is actually Robert Milacci for Barton. One, if you could just remind me 
what exactly was the 14 million in the quarter in the operating equipment expense and was that kind of just one-time in 
nature? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yes. We have a corporate aircraft and every three years, when the warranty runs out, we trade it in 
on a new one to keep the warranty intact. We did not trade the old one in on a new one, we sold it outright. So, when 
we took possession of the new one in the quarter, we took a charge for 10 million for the new aircraft in CapEx and we 
sold the old one a couple of weeks ago for 7 million. On the cash flow statement, because we sold it and didn't trade it 
in, you can't net out the 7 million in cash we got for the old one versus the 10 million that we paid for the new one. So, 
we took the 10 million as a straight-up CapEx and the 7 million as gain on sale of assets. So, yes, that was a one-time 
deal, and obviously, that was planned for and it was in the budget, and that won't re-occur for another three or four 
years. 

<Q - Robert Milacci>: Okay. Great, thanks. And if I could just switch just real quick, I was wondering is still your 
policy to grant restricted stock when the stock price, you believe, is cheap? Or are you moving to any type of policy 
where you're going to give out restricted stock on a set date, regardless of where the stock is? Thank you. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yes, this is Sean. We have altered our option versus restricted stock compensation plan. 
Traditionally, since we went public, on the options side, we had sort of two programs. We had a program for when 
someone was promoted to general manager or regional manager, and it was a set plan and the option dates were as of 
the promotion. And then we had, for want of a better description, a sort of periodic option grant every couple of years. 
The dates were not completely arbitrary because they were typically event driven. We did a round of options when we 
went public. We did a round of options when we had our largest transaction ever, the Chancellor transaction; we had a 
lot of new management, so we did an option round then. We did an option round in 2001 and then we did another one, I 
believe it was in 2004. So, we had this pattern of, basically, every few years taking a look at where we are and thinking 
about whether or not options would be helpful. On that pattern, we have discontinued it and we've gone to a restricted 
stock plan for executive management and regional managers. That plan is a set grant in January after all of the year-end 
numbers are complete and we can comp to our goals. The Board and compensation committee of the Board approves 
those goals at the beginning of the year. If those goals are met, then the restricted stock grants are made. So, we've 
essentially discontinued option plans for senior executives and regional managers. 

<Q - Robert Milacci>: Okay. Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thanks. Kevin, you said that you expect to have 274 – 5 boards by the end of the year for 
digital. Does this take into account the Daktronics new facility that is coming on board for you guys in September? And 
then, Sean, where do you think occupancy can get to by the end of this year? Are we essentially in a normalized 
environment? Thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Let me hit the occupancy thing first. I think we're – given the last few quarters and where it's been, 
I'd say we're probably normalized and we're going to be getting it through rate and it probably speaks to where we are 
in the recovery cycle and the ad cycle, and I pretty much think this is where we are. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Yeah. The 275 takes into consideration our understanding of the vendor's capacity throughout 
the rest of the year. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gordon Hodge with Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Good morning. Not much left to ask, but question, just sometimes I think you give a sense of 
what the – what you have on the books relative to goal for the year and if you could comment on that? And then, I think 
the question was asked about digital mix going forward, but I'm just curious what the digital mix posters versus 
bulletins are today, if you have that? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: All right, sure. Let me hit the bookings-to-goal first. We have numbers for posters there? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yes, right there. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Okay, there we go. When we looked at this number and pulled it altogether, we realized that 
digital was creating a little more noise in this number than the rate and occupancy numbers I quoted for you earlier. So, 
I'm kind of reluctant to give it to you down to the decimal point because it's skewing – in my view, it's skewing it so 
that it's no longer apples-to-apples with the historical percentages that I gave you. So, with that as a caveat, in '05, we 
were full-year booked-to-goal 81.5%. This year, we're 85.1% booked-to-goal. When Keith and I tried to dissect the 
digital out of that number, our conclusion was that we're running roughly the same book-to-goal, if you strip out digital, 
as we were last year. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Got it, okay. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: So, again, we just kind of – we're going to have to be careful with those stats now that digital 
is in the numbers. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: In July, of the 175 units that were in billing, 99 were bulletins, and 76 were posters. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our last question comes from Jonathan Jacoby with Banc of America. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. A few questions here. The first is you 
touched on the strength of the real estate category. If I look back to the first quarter, it actually grew about 200 basis 
points as a percentage of total revenues. What's the percentage that it is now versus last year, and why do you think 
you're seeing the strong growth right there? And secondly, Clear Channel Outdoor is starting to use these organic ink 


boards. Have you taken a look at them or any thoughts on implementing them? And then, lastly, what's your optimal 
leverage? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: I'll do the magic ink, and I'll do the optimal leverage, and I'll turn it over. Sean, are you going 
to do the 


<A - Sean Reilly>: No, Keith will do the real estate 


<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Oh, the real estate category. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yes, I can handle that. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Magic ink has a lot of good things, because unlike LED, you're not blasting energy through 
bulbs. It's more opaque. It uses less energy, and there're fewer regulatory issues associated with mag ink. The downside 
right now is it's a chemical process that's very fragile and it has to be protected by a special sheet of glass, okay? And 
that piece of glass is very heavy and it's an attractive nuisance. We've already had a couple of shots taken at some of 
our LED units, and they just keep on ticking. So, eventually, we're hoping that technology continues to be our friend. 
The ability to change messages when you want through the Internet, as many times as you want with no production 
charges, will continue to be the value proposition and what the prevailing technology is, we don't know. All we know is 
that the payoff on these digital units is so attractive that we need to just stay the course and get as much experience as 
we can because this is the future of our business. Hopefully, magic ink will work out this issue of this special protective 
glass that they have to have over the chemical process that actually allows to you change the message. Optimal 
leverage. We've always said that we run our business between four and six, and we're usually on the high side, 
depending on our feelings regarding the growth of the enterprise, and we're on the low side, if we feel like there is no 
top line growth associated with the business. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yes, let me hit real estate real quick. It's been a great run for that category. Let me give you sort of 
a, I guess, a four-year snapshot on the year-to-date side. In 2003, year-to-date through June, real estate was 5% of our 
total bookings and the absolute dollar amount was 18.6 million. Fast forward to 2006, year-to-date, real estate is 8% of 
our total bookings, and the absolute number is 47.4 million in bookings from the real estate category. Another slice at 
it, year-over-year, '06 over '05, in '05, the absolute number for real estate year-to-date was 35.4. Again, this year, 47.4. 
That's an increase of $12 million, so the absolute increase in that category of business has been a very pleasant surprise. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: And the interesting thing to note is the – which – the corridor from Georgia all the way into 
Florida is experiencing a lot of rapid development. The state of Georgia allowed for tree cutting, which freed up a lot of 
our inventory, and the real estate business just sort of jumped up and bought most of that inventory because of the 
development that's taking place in that corridor, and that was new money. The other thing that we found in the digital 
space, which is extremely popular with residential retailers is we put the digital image of the house up there and we 
might even run the price point, and then when it's sold, we put sold across the board, along with the picture of the 
residential real estate agent, and that's been extremely popular. And so, there it looks like we are going to get a lot of – 
on the digital space, a lot of real estate business because, of course, they've gone digital in marketing their space where 
the consumer can go to the Web site and look at the prospect. So, all of that – all of those files are there for the homes 
and things, it's very easy for them to actually go in, insert their own ads and run the copy, and if they want to change it 
several times a day so the asset is sold. We hope that keeps up, but again, we're watching that category because we 
understand that rising interest rates are going to have an impact there. I don't think it's going to have an impact on these 
larger developments in that Georgia/Florida category, because it's long lead times, and they just need to get the word 
out, whether they are selling lots or not. And the same thing applies for California. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: So, in a traditional space, most of the growth is coming from sort of these homebuilders that 
have put up boards at their developments and sort of probably slowed a little bit in terms of growth? 

<A - Keith Istre>: It's interesting. One explanation, and this is the theory from some of our folks that do a lot of 
business with these guys, they actually need to advertise more when things get a little softer, because they've got excess 
inventory they have to move. That may be part of the phenomenon. The other thing, as Kevin mentioned, we had our 
sort of digital roundtable with most of our folks that have a lot of experience now in digital, and the question was put, is 


there a category that you think we're taking from the newspaper? And the first one that was mentioned was this notion 
of real estate in the sort of classified sense. The second one, by the way, that was mentioned was help wanted and job 
opening types of advertising that the newspapers have traditionally had a lock on, and we are seeing some of that 
migrate over to our digital boards. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: The last points on the bulletin's eye on the real estate is that most of these contracts are long 
term bulletin contracts, 12 months, and our regional guys confirmed that yesterday on the call when we asked them the 
nature of their contracts, they're long term and most of it is bulletins. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Thank you so much. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

All right. Melvin, with that, that concludes our call and I want to thank all of our shareholders and friends for listening 
in, and we are looking forward to the Q3 earnings call. Thank you very much. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


