Company Name: Lamar Advertising 
Company Ticker: LAMR US 
Date: 2007-05-10 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Excuse me everyone, we now have Kevin Reilly, Sean Reilly, and Keith Istre in conference. Please be aware that each 
of your lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the company's presentation, we will open the floor for 
questions. [Operator Instructions] 

In the course of this discussion, Lamar may make forward-looking statements regarding the company, including 
statements about its future financial performance, strategic goals and stock repurchase program. Lamar has identified 
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this call in the company's 
reports on forms 10-K and 10-Q and the registration statements that Lamar files with the SEC from time to time. Lamar 
refers you to those documents. Lamar's first quarter earnings release, which contains the information required by 
Regulation G, was furnished to the SEC on a Form 8-K this morning, and is available on Lamar's website, 
www.lamar.com. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Reilly. Mr. Reilly, you may begin. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

I welcome everyone to our first quarter earnings call. All our shareholders and friends as is our custom, we will make a 
few brief remarks and then we will open up the floor for 30 minutes of Q&A. 

The overview is that we are off to a good start this year. Our top line growth looks promising from healthy customer 
demand across all of our products; and in addition, our costs are inline. So that should lead to margin expansion for the 
rest of '07. And on top of that our digital deployment is proceeding as planned. So we are expecting a good '07 for this 
company. 

With that, I would like to call on Keith Istre, our CFO to walk you through some of the particulars and then you'll have 
Sean share some of the operating stats. 

Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 

Okay, thank you. Just briefly some color commentary. As you saw in our press release, our top line growth for the 
quarter was 7.4%, we've guided to approximately 7.5, so we were inline with guidance. As we talked on the last call, 
there was a slight pullback that we noticed in the first quarter, in some of our static ad revenue spend, and that is why 
we did guide to 7.5 which was slightly lighter than the fourth quarter. 

As you probably noticed in our press release; for the second quarter, we are guiding to approximately 9% top line pro 
forma revenue growth again, and Sean will give you more detail on it, but it is primarily due to the pickup in our static 
ad revenue, coming back after the temporary breather that we saw in Q1. 

Kevin mentioned about our margins, which you noticed probably in the press release, we did pickup 1% on our 
consolidated EBITDA margins from 40 to 41% for the quarter. 

Our operating expenses before corporate overhead were at 4.9% on a pro forma basis, and digital accounted once again 
for about 1% of that. As we had mentioned on the last call, as long as we are going to be deploying digital, you can 
expect about 1% growth in expenses due to the digital. And we had asked everybody on last call as well to recalibrate 
your thinking. Historically, our pro forma expense growth on the operating side has typically been 3 to 5%. So, we just 


ask that you retool and think of it in the 4 to 6% range on the operating side before overhead. 

On corporate overhead just one note, Kevin had mentioned this on the last call, we are helping to fund the TAB rating 
study along with CBS and Clear Channel, and we picked up an additional 450,000 in expenses in corporate overhead 
for the quarter, our portion of the fees for that study and we will pick that same 450 up for the next three quarters, 
throughout the end of '07 which is our commitment to help them to fund this project. 

On our debt, as I am sure most of you know, the company paid a special dividend in March and we continued our stock 
buyback, so our debt increased in the first quarter 480 million from the end of '06 Q4. Just to put that in terms of ratios, 
our debt without the converts that we have on the books went from 3.4 at the end of Q4 – 3.4 times EBITDA, to 4.3 
times at the end of Q1, so we picked up about a point in our leverage, and with the converts, our total debt went from 

4.0 to 4.8 times trailing EBITDA. 
Last, in CapEx, if you noticed on our press release, we spent about 50 million for Q1, 34 million not counting digital. 
We had guided on the last call to about 105 million in CapEx for '07 before digital and even though 34 million is 
slightly ahead of that pace, we do feel at this time comfortable with the 105 that we gave out on the last call. 

With that, I'll hand it off to Sean. 

Sean Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 

Thanks Keith. I will hit a couple of the key metrics that we generally talk about. First on our number of digitals we saw 
in the release, as of release date we had 428 digitals up operational and in billing that breaks down 243 bulletins and 
185 posters. We are putting up about 1.25 units per business day. And we are now operating digital in 107 markets 
across the country. So, we are really very pleased at how that rollout is going. 

On the national versus local sales mix, we are running about 80% local and about 20% national. National was 
particularly strong in the first quarter, it was up year-over-year 9.5% and we are seeing that performance accelerate into 
the second. We should be easily up double-digits on the national side going into the second quarter. The categories are 
the usual suspects remaining strong, but with a couple of highlights. We got a tremendous regional buy from Toyota, 
which was a real shot in the arm. Wireless continues to do well, orders hanging in there, but one category that really is 
coming on strong is beverage and we are very pleased to see that. 

On the acquisition front, we closed 42 acquisitions year-to-date. Total purchase price of a little more than $69 million 
and that pace is probably going to be indicative of what you will see going forward through the year. 

With that, why don't we open it up for questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from John Blackledge with JPMorgan. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thanks for taking the question. Couple of things. On the acquisition side, just wondering 
what the private market multiples are or were the past quarter and how that compares to last year? And then on the 
digital boards, just wondering about the cost – on the cost side if the costs are coming down for the boards, I know that 
last year they were flattish given higher technology cost, if you could just give us some color there that would be great? 
Thank you. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: On the acquisition and private market multiple side, for the most part our arithmetic hasn't changed. 
In a couple of instances where we are looking at high spot urban bulletins that are candidates for digital conversion, the 
price discussions get a little different, but certainly not to a level where I'd be uncomfortable with it or should our 
shareholders. On the cost of digital units, we continue to work with our vendors. As we said in the more recent calls, 
the cost curve isn't reacting as dramatically as it was earlier on in the digital revolution. We still have work to do on it. 
We still believe we can make progress on cost. But it hasn't been dramatic in the recent six month time horizon. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Chris Ensley with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Thank you. During the quarter, I was wondering if you could tell us what digital 
contributed, I have it in the 350 basis point range. And then a follow-up on the digital, you were on plan but you didn't 
spend as much and that does imply either the pricing has come down relative to a year ago or the mix is different, that 
you might be buying more posters than bulletins, I was wondering if that might be true? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I would say the most accurate answer is it's a timing difference between cash out the door and 
commitments to vendors. That being said, there has been some marginal help on the cost side. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: But the mix is still the same or is it about 55, 45 bulletin? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I can't do the arithmetic in my head that fast, but of the 428 we've got 185 posters and 243 bulletins, 
somebody else is going to have to do that for me real quick. On the contribution to pro forma growth, which I think was 
the first part of your question, you are pretty much spot on with 3.5%. It depends if you are comparing it to all of our 
product lines or just our billboard. If you compare it to just our billboard, the top-line growth was 4% static and 3.6% 
digital. If you compare it to our – if you roll in our other product categories; transit and logo, then it becomes a 4.1% 
core business growth and 3.3% digital contribution. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Okay, that's really helpful. And one quick follow-up, when you say 69 million of 
acquisition, does that include easements or exclude? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: It includes easements. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Bishop Cheen with Wachovia. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Thanks for taking the question. Going to the acquisition, have you been able to use your stock as 
currency on the 69 million? 
<A - Sean Reilly>: We have but wanted to... 
<A>: We are in cash for assets mode. 
<A - Sean Reilly>: Yes, those were all cash for asset. 
<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Okay. As we planned that run rate, should we think of it that way for the rest of the year unless 


we see a dramatic change in your stock or anything else? 


<A - Sean Reilly>: Yes, I think you can anticipate that pattern cash for assets in that pace being indicative of what we 
expect through the year. 
<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Okay. And then, I don't know when the Q is going to be filed, but I was just trying to plug in the 


additional debt in the multi million balance sheet. So, do you have that incremental term loan that had only had 207 
million drawn, did you load that up and then load up the revolver that I think only had about 100 million drawn before 
the – I guess at year-end '06? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah, we had – we just initiated a new add-on to our bank facility – a total of 575 million we 
cleaned up the revolver that was outstanding that had been used to fund previous buyback – stock buyback and then the 
rest was used to pay the dividend and continue with the stock buyback program. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: So, do you have just one big term loan now? 
<A - Keith Istre>: That's part of our capital structure, yes. 
<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Okay. And what's the total capacity of that term loan? 
<A - Keith Istre>: Well, the capacity is constrained by our leverage ratio. 



<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Right, right, but I mean if there is a – let's say the unfunded commitment or whatever it maybe 
on the term loan? 
<A - Keith Istre>: Well we don't – we have a revolver that's basically unfunded as of today. 
<Q>: Okay, and how big... 
<A - Keith Istre>: Undrawn, I mean, we don't – it's 400 million. 
<Q - Bishop Cheen>: 400 million, so that's what, what it was in year-end? 
<A - Keith Istre>: Yes, nothing has changed. 
<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Okay. So the old-term and then you had the incremental term? 
<A - Keith Istre>: Right. 
<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Okay. Well and then the Q, do you know when you are going to file the Q? 
<A - Keith Istre>: Today, this afternoon. 
<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Oh that's fine. I don't need to drag in that. 
<A - Keith Istre>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from James Dix with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - James Dix>: Good morning, gentlemen. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Good morning. 

<Q - James Dix>: Good afternoon gentlemen. Couple of questions, first, if you could give a little bit more color as to 
whether you are seeing any cannibalization in any of your markets on digital, for example, if your core business is 
growing at 4% in the first quarter, I mean, do you think that it's slowed at all by the digital growth that you saw? And 
then looking forward in the second quarter on your 9% pro forma guidance, is the breakout in terms of the incremental 
impact from digital pacing the same, in that 3.5 percentage point range or does it look to be any different? And then any 
color on operating expense growth guidance for the second quarter? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: It looks to us from where we are sitting now that the second quarter 9% guidance is being driven 
mostly by the core analog business. So, the digital contribution will be roughly in that 3.5% range of that 9% total pro 
forma growth. So, again, I'd view that as extremely good news on the issue of cannibalization. We have – as we 
mentioned, we are pushing in some of our local markets where digital is constituting about 20% of their total book of 
business, not that there is anything magical about that, but we are very closely monitoring how those markets perform 
going forward, as they cross that threshold and to determine whether or not they are cannibalizing or truly growing 
their business. The early returns are pretty good. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Operating expenses? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: They look good. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Yeah. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Operating expenses look where they need to be. 

<Q - James Dix>: So, within that 4 to 6, is it on the higher end of that range that we are thinking about because the 
revenue is a little bit better? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Well, we haven't given any numbers, but I think you can expect that pretty nice margin 
expansion for the rest of '07. Our feeling is, is that our costs are well in line. 

<Q - James Dix>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Laraine Mancini with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Given that your core business grew 4% in the first quarter and your occupancy is pretty high, 
should we assume that, that was mostly all rate and if so, is your rate picking up than in 2Q to get to that 9% growth? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Thanks for reminding me that I forgot to give you the usual rate stats. So why don't I do that now? 
Yes, most of it was rate. As you know, on the occupancy side there is a little white noise in our data because of digital, 
the same thing exists on the rate side, but I've got a stripped out number for you. So, these numbers exclude digital 
units. So, on the poster side our average rate in Q1 '07 was $426 and that's over $406 Q1 '06, that's a 5% increase. On 
the bulletin side, our average rate Q1 '07 was $1,140 and that's over Q1 '06 of $1,064 or a 7% increase in rates, so that's 
where it's coming from. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Okay, thank you. And then one more question if I could. As national, I think you said 
national was up double-digit going into 2Q. So, does that suggest that perhaps you can get occupancy even higher? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I think it's typical, when we do get better than expected national business, it does help us with 
occupancy quite frankly. So, I think your instincts are correct. We will have to wait and see what actually comes 
through in the data, but that would be my expectation. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia Securities. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thanks. Do you have a feel for how many boards you can put up this year for digital? Is the 

1.25 board per business day a good run rate, or do you think you can accelerate from there? And then, secondly, Sean, 
can you just give us the occupancy statistics for both posters and bulletin? 
<A - Sean Reilly>: On the digital run rate in terms of putting them up, I think we went into the year hoping to finish up 
somewhere north of 600 units by the end of this year. We are feeling pretty good about getting there. You know, I am 
much more comfortable saying that we are going to be pacing along at 1 to 1.25 per day and if we can beat that then 
everybody is going to be happy. On the occupancy, I am going to quote you Q1 '07 only, because it is the only one I 
have in front of me and it's going to exclude digital. And it's posters at 60% and bulletins at 76%. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Jason Helfstein with CIBC World Market. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Thanks, two questions. It seems to us based on everything we have been learning that the 
gating factor to more digital is basically how fast you are willing to approve the spending of digital, and a lot of that has 
to do with how long it takes the account executives to ramp the digital revenues once they are up. So, can you talk 
about perhaps, what are you doing on a corporate wide basis to essentially train your AEs to be more aggressive sellers 
of digital to teach them how to use the software to help their advertisers and then I've got one follow up? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Jason, I'll field that one. That's not really the gating issue. There are three qualifications for a 
digital location; one is regulatory approval, the other is dwell time, that's how long it can be seen from the road and 
then the third is the lease arrangement underneath the structure. And all three of those things have to qualify, you just 
can't have one. And so that is really what dictates how fast we can get these up. 

The organization is doing well, responding to selling this space, and but you did touch on something that's really 
important and that is we have to have a very customer friendly website and a website that the AEs can navigate around 
with confidence in front of the customer, because where we are headed with this thing is where the customers will 
acquire time across our platform and then they will insert their ads for the time that they've acquired. And it takes all of 
5 minutes to do an ad insertion. You know, once your thumbnails have been approved and you can have as many as 


100 thumbnails that could reside in your password protected website and that is a little bit of a different interaction with 
the customer than we are used to having with our analog units. You know, we just – we shoot him a piece of artwork 
over the internet, we give him to approve it, we put the board up and then we're gone for three to six months. 

But, I will have to say that across our platform, our sales force and management, they are adapting to this new product 
offering and we are not at a point where we do share lessons learned, but we do not – it's not a top-down exercise. We 
have a lot of confidence in the field, their ability to market this space and we have a lot of confidence in our local 
customer feedback once it acquires this space. And that's how we are going to build this network. But, having said that, 
every Friday we have a webcast and all of the AEs in the model-end are allowed to tune in and we have some very 
accomplished trainers that walk them through what we can currently do for our customers and it's changing. By the end 
of the year, our website is going to be a lot more robust than it is today. So... 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Hope that answers your question. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Yeah, that does. If we go back to the first three things you said, can you rank them as far as 
difficult to least difficult? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Regulatory first, dwell-time second, and third, third. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay. And then other follow-up was, we've been hearing that particularly in the biggest 
markets, the top five or six markets that national is weaker in second quarter, obviously that's not effecting you, given 
your guidance. How much of that would you equate to adjusting regional business or do you really feel like your 
national growth is de-coupled from, let's say the Clear Channels and CBSs because you operate in different markets 
from now, thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: When we quote national, it actually includes regional so, you are making a pretty good distinction 
there and the strength we are seeing does have a pretty strong regional component, I mentioned Toyota, there are 
others. We track it a little differently may be than those guys do, than our competitors do. But, we feel very good about 

– quite frankly both components of the business, the truly national spend and what we are able to capture regionally. 
<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Good afternoon, thanks for taking the questions. Two quick ones. First off, on lease 
costs, if you could quantify what percentage of your expense growth in the quarter was from lease costs and then may 
be as a corollary to that, update us on your easement purchase program? And then two, do you still expect, or do you 
expect to have more or less than 1,000 digital boards by the end of 2008? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: The digital question... 

<A - Sean Reilly>: The digital question, I don't know that we want to touch 2008, let's hit 2007. On the lease costs as a 
percentage of this quarter's... 

<A - Keith Istre>: I think it was about 3.5. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: 3.5% is what Keith had given, but we might have to get back to you on that one. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Meaning 3.5% of the expense growth? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: No, it grew 3.5%. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Yeah, the portfolio grew 3.5%. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: But, what about in terms of the contribution to the total growth, is that too tough to 
figure out? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I think we have to calculate that and get back to... 


<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Okay, understood, thanks. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Great, thank you. Just wondering, couple of questions. Is the mix of the local versus national 
advertising on new digital boards much different than the 80:20 on static, that's first. And then second, what's the 
average rate, if you have it, of the static boards you are converting versus that 1,140 corporate average for bulletins and 
the same for posters? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: The national mix on digital is presently running about 5%. So it's 95% local, 5% national. So, the 
vast majority of the 80:20 is in our core analog business. The second question was about... 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Average rate of the static that you are converting? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: It's going to be all over the map. I mean, quite frankly it's the best number to use is, for posters it's 
pretty easy, it's going to be right around the average rate we quote, 426. For bulletins, it's an individual exercise, board 
by board. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Okay. Does each new digital board that you put up replace one static board or is it the ratio 
different such that the net number of boards will increase or decrease over time? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: It's typically one face for one face. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: And what would change that? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Our ability to develop new locations would change it, but... 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: If you are running through our perspective they are not saying, take down those two for that 
one will give you? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: No, but we are willing to do that and I think that that's where we are headed as an industry. I 
think 10 years from now there will be fewer billboards in America, but they will be more robust, and as long as people 
are driving and looking at them, they will be, I think, even more important because the message is going to be 
changeable. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Jonathan Jacoby with the Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Thank you, few questions here. Keith or Kevin, as you mentioned the regulatory approval 
process is part of the reason, or the hurdle that you have to get through, are you seeing any changes, and I know it's 
market by market. I believe you guys have mentioned that you are going to use the Magink product as a test process to 
see if you could alleviate some of the regulatory issues. Is that a second half of the year project? And then secondly, 
can you break out how your local transit business grew as separately, I know the total was 7.4 and 7.6 on the billboards, 
we could probably back into it, but if you can just walk through that and then I have one follow-up? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: I'll let Sean do the transit and then he can add to what I say regarding the regulatory 
environment. We just passed a law in the State of Tennessee, so for now we have a blanket approval in the entire State 
of Tennessee. Illinois...... 

<A - Keith Istre>: Indiana. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Indiana, we just passed a law in Indiana as well. So, now there is – those were two states 
where there was no enabling legislation that can address this new technology, now the legislation is on the books and 
that's helpful. So, when you look at the tone of the regulatory environment, every time we have a success, we were 
building on that success and I think that these units are going to be – at the end of the day they are going to be viewed 


as useful and informative. 

Having said that, there are still risks out there and one risk is that there are those out there that are claiming that these 
things could be unsafe. And so, the industry and the federal government, we need to look into this and approve that 
they are not unsafe. But, that is a risk and if research comes out that leans in the wrong direction, it will ripple 
throughout all of the regulatory bodies that manage these digital signs. But, having said that where we have 
experienced a resistance in several places across the United States, but we are also getting a lot of support from 
customers and it's helpful to us that that 95% of our customers are local, because when we do go – because most of the 
regulatory friction is at the municipal level. And so when we go to the municipalities and we talk about the benefits of 
these things it's nice to have friends down there with us to help explain that they have a stake in the successful 
deployment of these signs as well. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, let me hit the couple of other questions. On the Magink experiment, we took delivery on a 
current generation of Magink display and from a customer point of view; we are not comfortable with the performance 
in a variety of settings. We are not going to be deploying that generation of Magink and we are awaiting the next 
generation to see if performance improves. On the transit side, it was essentially flat. Pro forma for year-over-year 
contract changes, we manage about 60 contracts in our transit portfolio. Transit did in Q1 '06 12.691 million and in Q1 
of '07 did 12.692 million on the top, so it was about as flat as you get. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: And that's trans and the logo together? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: No, that strictly trans plus wraps and bus shelters. Logo was actually a net contributor to our pro 
forma growth. Logo in Q1 2006 did 10.345 million on the top and Q1 '07 did 11.770 million on the top for a 13.8% 
increase. Essentially they canceled each other out so that our overall pro forma growth was where it came out at 7.4. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Just a follow up, a point of clarification, in Tennessee and Indiana those states, that do you 
have to worry about municipality approval or does the state – the new state regulation cover any municipality? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Virtually everywhere we go, the starts have to align both at the state level and at the municipality 
level. So, it's a multi-jurisdictional battle and we are fighting on all fronts. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentleman, at this time the question and answer session is closed. I will now turn the conference back over 
to Mr. Kevin Reilly for closing remarks. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

We look forward to next quarter's announcement. We've got a lot of momentum in our business. We expect the call to 
go well and we want to thank all our friends and shareholders for listening in. With that, I would like to conclude the 
call. Thank you very much. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


