Q1 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 
• Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 
• Sean Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

We now have Kevin Reilly, Sean Reilly, and Keith Istre in conference. Please be aware that each of your line is in 
listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the company's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator 
Instructions]. 

In the course of this discussion, Lamar may make forward-looking statements about the company, including statements 
about its future financial performance and condition, operational plans, and strategies and market opportunities. Lamar 
has identified important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this call in 
the company's report on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and the registration statement Lamar has filed with the SEC. Lamar 
refers you to those documents. Lamar's first quarter earnings release which contains the information required by 
Regulation G with respect to certain non-GAAP financial measures included therein was furnished to the SEC on a 
Form 8-K this morning and is available on Lamar's website, www.lamar.com. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Kevin Reilly. Mr. Reilly, you may begin. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. I want to welcome all of our shareholders and friends to our Q1 Conference Call. As we – as is our custom, 
we are going to make a few brief comments and then turn over the call for Q&A. As we mentioned at the beginning of 
the year, we expect '06 for the rest of the year demand for our space to be strong – reasonably strong, with perhaps the 
exception in – of Michigan and Ohio which has been slightly affected by the automotive industry. 

On the operating leverage side, we had mentioned in the beginning of the year that we expected to be weak the first 
half of the year and then pick up second half of the year. Keith will give you some of the particulars regarding the 
expenses for the first half of the year. On the digital front, we are very pleased with our progress there, and we have 
decided to go ahead and now that we have had some experience regarding some revenue associated with our 
deployments that we will share some of the revenue figures with you on this call, and Sean will cover that. With that I 
would like to go ahead and turn the call over Keith Istre, the CFO. 

Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Kevin. Just to highlight a few of the high points I guess. In the press release we ended up the quarter, with net 
revenue, total net revenue from all operations at 253 million. We had guided to somewhere in the upper 240s on the last 
call. Consolidated EBITDA was 102 million, and the consolidated EBITDA margins were 40.2 for the quarter, that's 
down about a point over last year's quarter and that is being directly affected by the higher expenses that we reported in 
the press release. 


As Kevin just mentioned, for the first half of the year expenses, well at least for the second quarter, expenses should 
probably, the direct and G&A operating before corporate will probably come in the 6% range, and then in the back half 
we expect our comps to be easier on the expense side due to some programs that we had initiated in the back half of '05 
that we will be coming up and comping against. And in the press release in the body you can see some of the items that 
we listed that did have an impact on the expense growth and of course we had talked about those on the last call. I will 
go into a little more detail. 

On the free cash flow side also in the body of the press release, you can see that our free cash flow was down right at 
50% for the quarter, first quarter '06 over '05. 29 million for Q1, '06 versus approximately 57 million. And again in the 
press release, we noted that we spent about 18 million in CapEx on digital and in reconstructing some of the hurricane 
damage that we had from last fall. Hurricanes, there was about an extra 7 million that went into that effort. That effort 
is pretty much over and done with. In looking at the second quarter there may be a few invoices straggling in, but for 
the most part we're back to where we were prior to Katrina. 

On the digital, Sean will go into more detail about this but since we are talking about the CapEx in the first quarter, as 
of today we have 117 digital units in the ground in 43 markets. On the last call I believe we said we had 73 in 26 
markets. So, that rollout is going pretty well. On the guidance side, for Q2 we are guiding to approximately 6%, and I 
think 284 million in net revenue and that includes Obie and all operating revenue entities. For the past few, we've kept 
Obie out of the mix, but in any case we've had them for 12 full months now and they will be accounted for on a pro 
forma basis as everything else is. 

Our leverage has gone up – our debt leverage has gone up by a couple of hundred million. This is primarily due to the 
stock buyback that we put in place last year with our converts included we're at about 3.7 times to trailing EBITDA and 
without the converts we are at about 3.1 times. We were down in the upper twos on the last call. The converts are in the 
money as we speak. Their strike price is about $51 and a quarter I think. 

On the CapEx side, you saw we spent 46 million in Q1. Let me just kick down the – how that is accounted for along 
our various divisions. We spent 10 million on traditional billboards, on traditional static units. About half of that was 
maintenance and the other half was for new units. We spent 18 million on digital. As I mentioned earlier, we spent 7 
million on repairing the storm damage, again that we had talked about. Real estate, now this is not easements, this is 
either raw land or construction of some new operating offices in some of our markets; we spent 7 million in the quarter. 
Operating equipment was 2 million, and our logos was 1.5 million. So that's how the 46 million is spread out. We told 
you on the last call that we estimated we would spend about 110 million in CapEx for '06, outside of digital, and at that 
time, we did not give a number for digital. We were at an investor conference in March, and we did pass out our 
estimate of about 50 million that we will spend in '06 on digital. 18 million, of course, was in the first quarter, and the 
remainder of that would be spread out over the next three quarters. 

With that, I will turn it over to Sean, and let him give you some color on our business. 

Sean Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 

Sure, thanks, Keith, and before I get into the digital conversation, I wanted to hit some of the familiar operating metrics 
that we give out during the call. Let me start with occupancy. Occupancy is basically running flat quarter-over-quarter, 
year-over-year. So Q1 '05 posters were at 61%. Q1 '06 poster occupancy is running 62%, so we had 1 point 
improvement in posters. Bulletins over the same time horizon have remained flat at 77% for both Q1 '05 and Q1 '06. So 
you can see we are getting the gain in organic growth through rate. On the poster side, rates are up 5% Q1 '06 over Q1 
''05, and on the bulletin side, rates are up 9% Q1 '06 over Q1 '05. 

In terms of national versus local sales, local is more robust than national. I think that conforms with what you've heard 
from some of our colleagues in the outdoor group, Clear Channel and Viacom. First and early parts of the second 
quarter have not been stellar on the national side, but the local side has been extremely strong. Q1 '05, our mix of 
business was 81% local, 16% national, and 3% regional. Q1 '06, it's 81% local, 15% national, and 4% regional, so we 
are down 1% on the national, a little bit reflective of that environment. We do think, given what's working and what we 


are hearing out there on the national side, that it's going to get better in the back half. 

In terms of categories of business, no earth-shattering news there. We have had more relative strength in real estate and 
development companies and hospitals and healthcare in terms of book of business, but other than that it's a familiar 
picture: restaurants at 10% of our book, automotives 9%, retail is 9%, real estate is 9%, hospitals at 7%, and that's your 
top 5 or 6 categories. 

In terms of acquisitions, year to date we have closed 20 transactions for a total purchase price of $70.2 million, and you 
can see that that pace is sort of what we have grown used to over the last couple of years. 

Let me talk digital real quick. We were very excited about how we are progressing on the digital front. For those of you 
that have been following us for a while, you know that we put these things up in a variety of different settings and 
formats, testing the business model in small markets and large markets with bulletins with posters in highly competitive 
markets and the like. And what we have discovered is it's a robust business model wherever we put them up. To kind of 
give you a little color and we don't want to glob on to one month, but we do have April behind us. Keeping in mind that 
these things are going up every month and every month looks different. But just to give you a snapshot of what it 
looked like in April, our net billing from digital units in April was 1,132,000. That compares to 298,000 last April same 
time. If you take what those units billed as static units, they billed 149,000. So you can see that we are 94 units up in a 
variety of different settings. We are still getting that nice digital multiplier of 5, 6, 7, 8x over what a static unit would 
get. 

So with that, as a backdrop I'll open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

At this time we will open the floor for question. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from James Dix with 
Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - James Dix>: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Couple questions. First, just in terms of your categories of business, are 
there any categories which you see just going forward showing particular signs of strength and conversely any which 
seem to be pushing business back or pulling it forward or adjusting their campaigns at all just in terms of demand that 
they are showing you? And then I guess a couple things on digital I guess for Sean. What's the basic local/national mix 
of revenue for the digital displays if you have that number? Is that trending any different from your static displays? I 
would just be curious as to what you are seeing there. And then I guess for the longer term, how would you rank the 
gating factors for your rollout of digital among the various potential things, regulation or the cost of the boards, site 
selection, things like that, just so we could understand a little better what's regulating the pace of the rollout? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Sure, let me hit the categories of business first. No monumental moves in terms of categories, I 
guess of note, real estate and developers are up 2 percentage points in the categories of business. Q1 '05, they were 7% 
of our book and Q1 '06, they are 9%, so I'd see that a mover up. In terms of softer parts of the book, hotel/motel is 
down from 7% last year to 6% this year. Restaurants have ticked down a point from 11% last year to 10% this year. I 
think that is probably skewed by the McDonalds buy of last year, so I wouldn't read too much into that. And as a matter 
of fact, I wouldn't read too much into any of the moves. When we look nationally, as I mentioned, it's not as robust, but 
you might be able to just point at one wireless player who backed off a little in the beginning of the year and is going to 
be coming in in the back half of the year. With the exception of one customer, automotives, give or take where it was; 
wireless, give or take where it was. So I wouldn't read too much into that. 

On the digital front, virtually every customer is local. We sell – because we do not have a national footprint yet, 
national buyers while they're watching it have not yet stepped in and played. I think that day is coming, as Clear 
Channel gets more successful with theirs, as we roll out more and we can offer a national advertiser a nationwide 
footprint, I think you'll see that change around a little bit. But right now, it's virtually a 100% local. James, what was 


the other part of your question? 

<Q - James Dix>: Just longer term on the digital, Sean, what do you see as the gating factors for the rollout? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Let me cover that, Sean. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, go ahead, Kevin. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: I only see two gating issues. One is will the customers continue to pay what they've been 
paying and two is the regulatory environment, can we get these things out. Is this the easy first run and we are going to 
be phenomenally successful for 2 years then we hit the wall? All of the other issues associated with this we feel are not 
significant business risks, i.e. the technology, the efficacy, the ability of the sales force to explain it to the customer. All 
of those things seem to be falling in place. So there are two things that concern us and they are big and they are still 
unknowns, but we are happy with the backbone that we are developing which is scalable. And we are extremely happy 
with the quality of the units that we're – that are being delivered to us by YESCO and Daktronics. 

<Q - James Dix>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia Securities. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thanks. Staying with the digital rollout, just wanted to understand your philosophy a little bit 
better because it seems like you guys are the most aggressive among the outdoor groups in terms of the number of 
boards. Yet we know the costs continue to come down, and in listening to Daktronics conference calls, they are 
working on the value proposition of the boards. So would it be worth waiting for a faster rollout to get a better return as 
the costs of the boards come down? And then my second question on digital is how feasible is it for you to do digital 
networks across your markets like Clear Channel is doing. Is this something that is more profitable for a larger market 
group or would this be profitable for someone of your size? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Well, why wait for the costs to come down when we can invest in our core business and 
generate superior returns right now? So, lower costs in the future although we hope for them and it will make things 
more attractive for us and for our customers, there is no reason to wait. The second thing regarding networks, we do 
think networks are more powerful than one-offs, and we've enjoyed this in the few markets where we've been able to 
put together networks in the DMA. We've found that the sales proposition is a very compelling one, and that is, is you 
can reach pretty much everybody a rep – a good representational sample of the population in the DMA, and you can do 
it with – by changing your message whenever you want and with no production charges. And that's pretty much the 
value proposition. And right now it seems to be a compelling one with our customers. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, if I can just follow on. We run networks, Marci, and I don't know whether you meant 
networking within a DMA, which we are doing, and what we are finding is the incremental increase over what the 
boards got analog as compared to what they get digital is, is more attractive than a one-off. It is a 8, 9x incremental 
improvement as opposed to a 5, 6, 7x incremental improvement. But we're doing that within a DMA; we're not doing it 
across DMAs. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: How many do you have? Are you able to tell us? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, I can tell you that we're just burning in one here in Baton Rouge that looks real good. I'm 
looking at it right it now as a matter of fact. It's across the street from our corporate headquarters, and it's six units that 
are networked and we've pre-sold it. We've got networks in Vegas, Pittsburg, Kansas City, Cincinnati... 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Toledo. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Toledo. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Mobile. 


<A - Sean Reilly>: Mobile. Yes, so we're out there with networks and unquestionably it's a more powerful advertising 
vehicle than a single sign. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Chris Ensley with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Good morning. Couple questions on your business trends. Within the quarter, some of 
your TV and radio brethren saw the business, the quarter start off slower and April pick up a little bit. I am wondering 
if you were seeing similar? And then, Clear Channel Outdoor was talking about some business at the start of the quarter 
which was pushed back into 2Q and 3Q – sorry 3Q and perhaps even 4Q. So I was wondering, if you had seen some of 
the same? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: They were referring to national businesses, which is a little bit greater percentage of their 
book than ours. And so we don't see quite as much volatility, but Sean did mention that broadly he expects business on 
the national front to be better in the back half than the front half. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, we did experience that little bitty hiccup on the national side in April. But again, it appears to 
be a blip not a trend. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: For the most part it's pretty consistent throughout the quarter? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: In terms of national business, it's growing – it's not as consistent. In terms of local business, it's 
very steady. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Just one quick follow-up, last year it was your western region that had the highest sell outs 
and you were getting probably the highest price increases as well. Is – have other regions kind of picked up the slack 
now or is it still being led by your western markets? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Western is still extremely strong, but we feel real good about what's going on actually in the 
northeast as we progress through the year down through the coastal Carolinas into the coastal southeastern areas are 
looking good. As Kevin mentioned in the outset, it just seems to be a little bit sluggish in the midwest, upper midwest. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jason Helfstein with CIBC World Markets. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Sorry about that. Thanks two questions. Sean, if you can just repeat those, because I cut out for 
a sec, repeat those statistics, one million whatever was when it was last year? And then I had a follow-up. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Sure this is – what I'm trying to give you snapshot of is the digital revenue April over April, '05, 
'06. So the total April revenue for digital, and this is net not gross, for April '06 was 1,232,000. Last year same time our 
digital net revenue was 298,000. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay and then the comparison? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Then the comparison that I thought was also relevant was, what did those units do when they were 
analog? And last April, those analog units did 149,000 in billing. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay. That's what I wanted to make sure I heard, I mean that's like 8 say – that's like 8 to 9 
times basically. Not even 5 or 6 but 8 to 9. Okay, so I mean one of the things that I think is interesting and you guys hit 


upon, and maybe Kevin if you could talk about this some more, is I think a lot of us thought when we first heard about 
digital was hey, bigger markets would be able to justify the expenses of digital, but clearly what you guys have proven 
is that, not only can you make this work in medium and small markets, but for national advertisers it's not – until it 
becomes top 25, top 30 markets it's not a viable solution, and so effectively it becomes a terrific local tool. So as result 
of that have you guys figured that we are just going to see based on the orders that you are putting in to perhaps 
Daktronics and YESCO that you are the primary buyers of these things because it's going to take the other companies 
who do the top markets a while to get the top 20 markets out and then they can sell to national? I mean, I guess talk a 
little bit more, you have a very different perspective I think because you are funny how successful selling this as a local 

– to local advertisers versus I think a lot of us saw that this would largely be a nationally driven product. 
<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, just sort of our philosophy of where the business comes from, it is a higher CPM than our 
traditional product. Our traditional product has a 3 to $4 cost per thousand impressions, this one runs depending on the 
market and whether it's network or one-offs, this one runs 5 to 8 to 9 even in some case $11 cost per thousand 
impressions. So you are dealing with an advertiser that has a larger budget. The way we view the strength of this is that, 
if you are delivering a circulation that is comparative to the local newspaper that has a cost per thousand impressions of 
about a third of the local newspaper, then you have got a very compelling value proposition for the larger local 
advertisers and also regional advertisers. And so our view of the world is that this doesn't have to be a national platform 
to be successful. That what you are really creating is a better local advertising vehicle that competes head up with the 
strength of a newspaper. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Here it is. You can change the message whenever you want as many time as you want with no 
production charges. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yes, and that's a hell of a value proposition for a local advertiser. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay and then just last question for Keith. Are there any increased expenses in the first half 
due to the digital initiative that go – that started last year in the back half, trickle into this year in the first half, but then 
the comp goes away in the back half of this year? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah, there is, we have a team of folks that we've hired here at corporate that would be responsible 
for all of the transmission and review of the digital content to the units in the field, network operating center, and we 
plan on staffing that and having it up and running 24/7 as of right now 365 days a year. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: In this regard, we are a tad different from what Clear Channel is doing. We run and control all of 
our units nationwide from a single network operating center here. Clear Channel has a slightly different backbone 
approach. I think they are going to graduate over to something that looks more like ours if they get more units out. And 
building that backbone has cost some money. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: And Keith, can you quantify just what the impact is perhaps over those four quarters on the 
OpEx? 

<A - Keith Istre>: I can't because I am not sure how many folks – last year it was only 17 units. We had 2 people that 
were responsible for that process, and now we've developed a new software component that we can change the message 
instantly on every unit in the country from here and I know that department is in the process of staffing up. They are 
looking for a few more people to add on. I think we will know the answer to that data at the end of the second quarter. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay, thanks and ... 

<A - Keith Istre>: I think the expenses for the first quarter were about 150,000. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay, thanks. And what you guys are doing, this is pretty exciting stuff, thanks. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Thanks. 

Operator 


Next question comes from Laraine Mancini with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: A couple of questions for you. At the end of the year last year or at the end of your fourth 
quarter results, you suggested that you'd like to triple the number of digital boards and it looks like you are on track to 
do even more than that. So do you have target level for this year? Second, your corporate was 10 million first quarter, 
which is higher than last year's run rate of about 9 million. Is there something in these numbers in 4Q and 1Q or is that 
a good run rate? And then third how high do you think it's reasonable to lever Lamar to do both digital implementation 
and stock buybacks? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Let me just answer the question on the corporate. Yeah, I think 10 million is a reasonable run rate 
for the next three quarters. And part of that is the operating folks that we are adding here. On the digital, we have some 
MIS initiatives that we have undertaken that we've had to bring on some additional staff and just – I mean all we are up 
here is people, and basically the only increase that you generally have is once a year everybody gets a cost of living and 
a merit raise – and/or merit raise. And it's just adding bodies to handle the initiatives that we put in place. Sean, you 
want to... 

<A - Sean Reilly>: On the number of units, we are comfortable where we said we would be, somewhere north of 200 
about at year-end. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: And stock buybacks? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: We run our business between 4 and 6 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: 4 and 6. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: And so that should given you an indication of how we feel about our capital structure. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: And we are out there 210, but I think your instincts are right. We are looking forward to 
beating that number. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Barton Crockett with JP Morgan. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of context in terms 
of the revenue that you reported for April. What would be kind of the ongoing operational expense to catch that? In 
another words, we have all been kind of guessing a kind of a 60 to 70 % maybe EBITDA margin, and is that basically 
what you were seeing in April for digital? And then secondly, as we look to the ramp-up in more boards, I hear what 
you said before that you are looking to beat the number that you put out for this year. You talked in the past about 
maybe 1,000 by 2010. Now it sounds like you might feel like you could do better than that at this point, and maybe it's 
early to say. But as we move towards many, many more boards is there anything to suggest to us that the revenue per 
board situation will change meaningfully from what we see now? Are there some breakpoints where maybe it should 
step down or do we not really hit that until sometime after maybe a 1,000-board deployment? So some context there 
would be helpful, thank you. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, we don't know about whether we are going to be able to maintain the CPMs or not. What we 
do know is that there's a lot more volatility associated with the – the revenue volatility is much greater associated with 
these digital units. Now you and everybody else, and even Keith, we've layered in a thousand units and it's a nice 
addition to our core business, but it's – at a thousand units, it doesn't really move the needle that much. So our hope by 
2010, that we would be – we could be able to do significantly better than that so that we can – if it proves out and the 
customers are still excited about it, we'd like to go ahead and push this thing as hard as we possibly can. At what point 


do we start cannibalizing our existing business and creating a lot of excess capacity in the marketplace, we don't know. 


What was your other question? 
<Q - Barton Crockett>: And then in terms of the margins on the revenues in April, could you give us any guidance 
around that? 


<A - Sean Reilly>: I wouldn't look at April. I'd say – you threw out the incremental margins that we are thinking about. 
<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Yeah, you got it right. 
<A - Sean Reilly>: And so, isolating April is not going to do you any good because Keith mentioned that we've hired 


all these fantastic propeller heads that are writing software and we're just doing a lot of great things around the office 
trying to make sure that this thing is scalable and so looking at April wouldn't be that useful. 
<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. That's great, thanks a lot. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Gordon Hodge with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Yeah, good afternoon. Just had a couple of questions, one is, are you on – this is on digital, so 
Sean I just want to make sure I was clear on the numbers, so you've – you did a million two this year on the boards in 
April, you did 298 last year on digital, which I assume is a subset of the boards you now have, and then the 149,000, 


was that – I mean should I be adding the 149 and the 298 to get a comparison or is it – I wasn't quite clear how to 
compare those two numbers. 
<A - Sean Reilly>: I am going to ask Keith and you are going to hear in real time as I hear. Keith, that 149? 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Okay. 
<A - Keith Istre>: The 149 was the static units that we took down that were up last April and replaced them with 


digital units. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Okay, and then but did you... 
<A - Sean Reilly>: On apples-to-apples, this is what would have been. 
<A - Keith Istre>: The million 83 net is what was added in the first quarter, I mean in the month of April. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Got you, so the million 83 is what we should be looking at? 
<A - Keith Istre>: Right, over last April. That's the net taken out of revenue that we have generated from the static. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Okay, so a little over 7x, the revenue? 
<A - Sean Reilly>: Yes. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Perfect. Okay, great. And then are you putting these up on leased land yet or are you still 


rolling these out on your, on owned property primarily? And curious if you are bumping into Clear Channel in any of 
the markets yet? 
<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: No, we are not. We are competing against Clear with digital in Las Vegas. 


<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Oh, okay, Vegas, yeah. 
<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: And we are hoping we're both successful there. On the real estate front, we have got a couple 
of things going on where we are going long in our lease portfolio because we are just bullish about our business in 
general and that's aside from digital. And then because of the cost of the improvements that we are putting on leased 
and owned property, the – if it's a leased property then the lease arrangement has to be more perfected than the 


arrangements you would have with a structure that say only costs $35,000. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: So you're going back and cutting... 
<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: So, the good news is, it's a mixed bag. Some of the digital is new locations. Some of it's 


owned real estate. And some of it is existing leases where we've extended the terms of the lease to make sure that we 
get an opportunity to protect the value of the improvement that we put on the leasehold. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Thanks, and one last question. Keith, the pro formas for Q2, does that now include Obie? 
<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah, we are through. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: We are through the comps? 


<A - Keith Istre>: Cutting the amount of the herd. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: It looked like they had some pretty strong growth in the quarter. Any comment on just sort of 
what was driving that? 


<A - Sean Reilly>: They did well; we are pleased with the way Obie has been integrated. We are pleased with their 
performance, that business, the transit business tends to be a little more volatile than our core business. So, we think at 
the end of the day they are going to come in with about the same profile on the top line as our core billboard business. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: The downside in transit and really the logo business for that matter is that when you renew 
these franchises, you get a pop in your operating expenses because of the increased payments to whoever awards 
franchise. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Yeah, okay. 
<A - Sean Reilly>: One way to look at Lamar's portfolio, if you take our logo businesses and our transit businesses 
together, they do about $100 million in net revenue and they do about 45 million in operating income and they are 


comprised of about 100 different agreements. So it's a very large portfolio of transit and logo agreements so that makes 
us feel more comfortable about that renewal risk. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Sounds good. 
<A - Keith Istre>: That's also part of the increase in expenses we've gotten on both of those divisions. They have seen 


some creep up in their renewal payments to the state or the municipalities as these contracts roll off and are renewed. 
<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Got it, thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Terry O'Connor with Cedar Creek. 

<Q - Terrence O'Connor>: Hi guys. A couple things, apparently you did not mention the real estate procurement, 
extending leases as a gating factor, again, Kevin, and that had been one of the key things you wanted to accomplish. 
Are you getting more traction there or are you feeling more comfortable you can move the boards if you can't get the 
leases you want? Why didn't you mention that again? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Are you referring to --. 

<Q - Terrence O'Connor>: Getting those easements or long-term leases or purchasing property was one of the big 
concerns you had two quarters ago so you weren't putting up $400,000 boards on one-year leases. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Well, we are doing a good job extending the maturities of our portfolio, and we are doing 
okay at acquiring easements. One of the things that makes it difficult on the easement side is just real estate values and 
cap rates. 


<Q - Terrence O'Connor>: Right. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: And of course we are in a changing interest rate environment, so as we go forward things may 
get better for us on that front. 

<Q - Terrence O'Connor>: Okay. The CapEx on digital looks like around $400,000 a board is that all in including 
rolling the truck and put the thing up and everything else? Do you capitalize all that stuff? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, and we are getting much better than that number right now. 

<Q - Terrence O'Connor>: So can you just give us a rough idea what the board cost is on average? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah it is 240, 250 on the CapEx side 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: For the board and the electronics and all that stuff. It probably doesn't include the truck roll or 
does include the truck roll? 

<A - Keith Istre>: The truck cost is minor. 

<Q - Terrence O'Connor>: Finally, looks like you have got just a few months left at the rate you were buying back 
stock in the last quarter. The stock has moved up some, what's your feeling about the repurchase as we move up in 
price and your authorization is down to 100 million bucks or so? 

<A - Keith Istre>: We have a limit that was set by the Board. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: I guess, Terry we are not in the habit of announcing the stock buyback and not seeing it all the 
way through. 

<Q - Terrence O'Connor>: Sure that's what you – it sure looks like you are doing it. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: So, my gut tells me that we still have plenty of time to complete what we've announced and 
that we'll probably get that done, and when we get that done, we will probably still find ourselves significantly under 
levered. So, we'll probably make another announcement to the marketplace regarding our intentions, our stock 
buyback. 

<Q - Terrence O'Connor>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

And our last question is coming from John Klim with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Klim>: Hi, good afternoon. Could you give us an idea as to where or which mediums you think the 
incremental advertising dollars are coming from that outdoor is attracting? And then secondly, could you just highlight 
any differences in demand between bulletins and posters on the digital side? Thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, I will hit the demand question first. We've received really good demand for all the digital 
products, so I think on a relative scale if you put up a network and can deliver a meaningful local audience, it's slightly 
better. I kind of quantified it as it's a 5, 6, 7x incremental proposition with a one-off bulletin, but if you network posters 
or bulletins you are looking at something that looks more like 7, 8, 9x incremental improvement. So if that's helpful, 
that's what we are experiencing so far. What was the first part of the question? 

<Q - John Klim>: Just looking for any idea as to where you all think the incremental advertising dollars that are 
coming to outdoor, which mediums do you think you are taking share from? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I can tell you what we are hoping to do and that is at least as regards digital, given the fact that it's 
again a lower CPM, costless full color product that you can change at will throughout the daytime, we are hoping to go 
straight to the heart of the newspaper ad space. And I don't have anything that I can show you in terms of analytics to 


that effect, but that's where we think we are going to get it. 

<Q - John Klim>: Okay, thanks very much 

Operator 

Now I will turn the conference over back to Kevin Reilly. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

Well, I just want to thank all our shareholders, friends again for listening in, and we look forward to our Q2 call and 
with that we would like to say goodbye. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


