Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 
• Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 
• Sean Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 
Other Participants 

• Christopher Ensley 
• John Blackledge 
• Laraine Mancini 
• James Dix 
• Jason Helfstein 
• Anthony DiClemente 
• Mark Wienkes 
• John Klim 
• Marci Ryvicker 
• Jonathan Jacoby 
• Eileen Furukawa 
• Brent McCoy 
• Gordon Hodge 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Excuse me everyone, we have Mr. Kevin Reilly and Mr. Keith Istre in conference. Please be aware that each of your 
lines is in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the company's presentation, we will open the floor for questions. 
[Operator Instructions] 

In the course of this discussion, Lamar may make forward-looking statements regarding the company, including 
statements about its future financial performance, strategic goals and plans. Lamar has identified important factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this call in the company's reports on forms 10-K 
and 10-Q and the registration statements that Lamar files with the SEC from time to time. Lamar refers you to those 
documents. Lamar's fourth quarter and year-end earnings release, which contains the information required by 
Regulation G, was furnished to the SEC on a Form 8-K this morning and is available on Lamar's website, 
www.lamar.com. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Kevin Reilly. Mr. Reilly, you may begin. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, David. I'd like to welcome our shareholders and friends to our Q4 conference call. As is our custom, we'll 
keep our remarks brief and then open up the call for Q&A for 40 to 45 minutes. 


In an effort to return capital to our shareholders, we've announced for '07 a one-time dividend and an additional $500 
million stock buyback on top of the $100 million that we have left to spend on the prior announcement. The one-time 
dividend is just an opportunity to return capital in a different form. It's one-time because as the company progresses and 
becomes more aggressive on the stock buyback front, the leverage on the company would preclude any dividends like 
this. 

Note that in the guidance there is a decline in the company's rate of growth in our static business of about 1 to 1.5%, 
depending on how you look at it, and Sean will have more color on that later on in the call. We are not overly 
concerned about it. We don't view this decline as a trend at this point. We do hope for greater operating leverage in '07 
as expense growth retreats to the norm. We would like to point out that we are investing about $1.7 million on a 
one-time basis payable to the Traffic Audit Bureau for a more comprehensive audience measurement data, and we 
think that this will be a good investment for our industry and for Lamar. They plan to provide some very solid audience 
measurement that will go 200 markets deep domestic US. 

We feel very optimistic about our prospects for '07. What we are basically looking for is a good rate of growth in our 
core business, turbocharged by our digital effort and a restoration of the company's operating margin as we move 
throughout the year. 

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Keith Istre to briefly walk us through the numbers, and then Keith turn the call 
over to Sean. 

Keith A. Istre, Chief Financial Officer 

Good morning, everyone. As you saw in the press release, we basically came in on target with our guidance for the 
quarter. We had estimated revenues would be up about 286 million, approximately 9%, and that's where we ended up. 
The direct and G&A operating expenses before corporate overhead came in at 5.8, as you may have noticed on the 
press release, and that was probably the best – that was the best quarter that we had this year in terms of our expense 
growth, especially when compared to the third quarter. As you know, we pointed out in the third quarter we had some 
energy-related costs that were plaguing us due to the price of fuel and vegetation control program that we had put in 
place as well as some other expenses with respect to contracts on our Logo and Transit business. So anyway, the fourth 
quarter was the best quarter for the year on that scale. 

I'd like to point out though that going forward, just as we have incurred in the past year, as we continue to roll out the 
digital units, we will continue to incur an expense growth of about 1% as we roll these things out quarter-over-quarter, 
year-over-year. On a net revenue basis, that is all the new added digitals in '06, we did about 18 million in revenue. 
And if you assume roughly a 75% operating margin and a 25% expense base [audio gap] that adds 1% to our expense 
growth. So, in the past, we've normally given out a range of our pro forma expense growth of between 3 and 5. I don't 
know, going forward we may need to take a look at moving those measuring sticks to between 4 and 6, I don't know. 
But in any case, just please keep that in mind. For the year, on the top-line, revenue came in at 7.7% and that pretty 
much wraps up that. 

Just to go to CapEx real quick, we ended up at 223 million. That's basically where we had guided to on the last call. 
Digital of course was 81 million. And in looking at '07, our internal budgets before Digital are calling for about 105 
million in traditional CapEx, that's traditional billboards, transit, logo, operating equipment and real estate. We did have 
some extraordinary items in '06, 10 million in storm damage; we bought a building here in Baton Rouge next to our 
corporate headquarters for 10 million and a new plane. So, those items will not be included in the '07 numbers. And if 
you back that out of '06, you basically come back to the 105 million that I just mentioned. The only other point to note 
is at the end of the year our total debt-to-EBITDA was 3.4 times. 

And I think with that, I will turn it over to Sean. 

Sean Reilly, Chief Operating Officer and President of the Outdoor Division 


Thanks, Keith. Let me start with our up-to-date digital count as of the 22nd of February. We had 360 digital units in the 
air in 93 markets, 199 of those units were bulletins and 161 were posters. On the national versus local mix, our mix for 
'06 was 83% local, 17% national. National was up 6% in '06. There was a slight softening in the automobile category, 
but that was offset by strength in wireless, beverage, gaming, and I think most importantly, the lodging category. For 
those of you that have been following us for a while, really since 9/11, lodging has struggled a little bit and we saw that 
come on strong in '06 and it's looking good in '07. So I view that as good news for our core business. Interestingly, in 
'06, digital was 5% national in its book of business and 95% local. The goal this year is to get that national business as 
part of our digital book up into the double digits and we feel like that's a realistic goal. 

As Kevin mentioned, the core analog, I guess, core business if you want to describe it that way, has trended down 
slightly or blipped down slightly. If you look at the Q4 numbers, we were up 9%. 6% of that would have been core 
analog growth and 3% would have been contributed by digital. If you adjust for the hurricane noise, then it was really 
about 5.5% up in the core business in Q4. It's looking like Q1 is going to be in the 4-plus range of growth in the core 
analog business and digital will contribute something in the 3-plus, and that's how we got to the 7.5%. Again as we 
look out over '07, we don't view this as a trend. It's more like a pause and we feel good about '07 as we progress into the 
quarter. 

Just to quickly hit the top advertisers, this list is familiar to you, and for the year-end '06 our top customers were 
McDonalds, #1; Cracker Barrell, #2; Chevy, #3, and then again Holiday Inn for the first time in a while is in the top 
five at #4, followed by Dodge, State Farm, Verizon, Nextel, Cingular and Motel 6. 

The year-end categories of business as a percentage, again [audio gap] it does appear that our book of business is 
broadening out because the Top 10 categories represent 71% of our book in '06, while in '05 it represents 75% of our 
book. So it's interesting, that might be a little bit of the broadening of the base because of digital. 

So, with that Kevin, I'll turn back to you and we'll open up for questions. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Sean and David. We'd like go ahead and open up the call for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Ensley [Bear Stearns]. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the call. Just a couple more digital data points if you 
could, I was wondering what the year-end number was, because a lot of our models kind of are based on a quarterly 
end, so I was wondering what the year-end number was? And you've provided that in prior years. Two, I think what I 
understood was the calendar year digital revenues were 18 million and I was also wondering if you could provide what 
the latest run rate number was, that would be helpful, thanks. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Chris, as far as the year-end digital, we don't have that. We give out the call -- the digital numbers 
as of the day before the call, so we have the most up-to-date information. But I can always shoot that out to anybody 
that would like to know that. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Yeah, I know that in your 10-K last year you listed your December 31 numbers, so I 
thought you might be able to provide that, but...? 

<A - Keith Istre>: We can, and they will be in the K which will be filed shortly. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Okay, great. 


<A - Keith Istre>: The other question about the 18 million in digital, that was the run rate – that was the actual 
revenues for the year from all of the new digitals that we put in the ground over the last 12 months throughout '06. And 
what was the other... 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: In the past, you've provided sort of a latest month run rate number? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah. I think for December it was about 3.5 million. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Okay. One quick follow-up, because there has been some press talking about probably 
coming from Daktronics' conference call really alluding to regulatory issues being something that could slow the 
rollout, that's kind of not the sense I've gotten, but I was wondering if you look at today versus a year ago, has the 
regulatory environment gotten tougher, easier, or is it still about the same? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: I think it's about the same; it's a little mixed. We've had some setbacks primarily from people 
who don't like these signs; they find them very garish. And the reason why they object to them is for traffic safety 
reasons, and that's very serious. And so, we are in the process of having the industry conduct crash studies around all of 
these units so we can demonstrate that they are not unsafe. Intuitively, we know that they are not unsafe, because our 
federal government is putting up Amber Alert signs on the interstate right of ways, and you have LED displays on 
premise along the interstate right of ways all over the country. So we think that as time goes on, there will be less 
resistance on the traffic safety front, but that is a very serious issue related to the deployment of these units, and as a 
company and as an industry, we need to address this. 

First of all as a company, we don't want to be putting up units that are unsafe for drivers. My feeling is over time 
drivers and regulators are going to find these signs very useful and informative. And as we can open up these things for 
Amber Alert and other public safety messages, will not only be a pure ad medium but will be useful in other ways 
which will help support our efforts around the country. As a side note, Clear Channel ran a missing child notice in 
Minneapolis, and the authorities up there are attributing the notice that they ran on their digital signs, they are 
attributing the notice that they ran as the reason why they caught the perpetrator. So that's good news, but the 
regulatory issues are mixed and it is a business risk associated with the deployment of these units. 

<Q - Christopher Ensley>: Very helpful. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. John Blackledge with JP Morgan. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: I am just wondering what's causing the pause in the core analog business in the fourth quarter 
and in the first quarter, is it pricing or occupancy? Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: There wasn't a pause in the fourth; there is a pause in the first. And I am going to punt to Sean 
on that because I don't know the answer. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, what our guys in the field are saying is that they don't feel like it's going to keep them from 
hitting their goals for the year. And so they are basically saying to me that they feel good about the year, the way it's 
shaping up. And again, they don't see it as any sort of trend or overall softening in the economy or the economy that's 
most important to them. So it's one of these things that their cue to me is, don't read too much into it. 

<Q - John Blackledge>: I hopped on late, I apologize. What was the pricing up in the fourth quarter and what's it 
running up in the first quarter? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, we don't have pricing for this year, I mean for this quarter, we don't typically give that out, 
we give it out in arrears. But if you take rate occupancy for Q4 '06, posters were at 69% and bulletins were at 80%. If 
you strip out digital, posters were at 67% and bulletins were at 78%. You'll recall, we kind of got away from quoting 
occupancy and rate numbers because of the noise that digital puts into the year-over-year comparison. We've tried to 
strip it out, I don't know the extent to which it's going to be helpful. 


<Q - John Blackledge>: Okay. All right, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Laraine Mancini with Lamar (sic) [Merrill Lynch]. 

<Q - Laraine Mancini>: With Merrill Lynch. First of all, going back to the pricing and occupancy question that we 
just had, did you give the pricing, did I miss that? And then, Keith, you suggested that maybe we have to tick up our 
long-term expense growth, do you think that's something we see in '07, or are you talking more long-term than that? 
And also, Daktronics indicated that they were seeing a slow on orders, that their backlog was cleaned up and that there 
were just less orders. Is that a timing issue on CapEx cycles or is it because of this regulatory environment do you think 
that people are stepping back and just waiting to see what happens? 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Laraine, this is Kevin. I will answer the last first. It's colder in the winter and when it gets 
warmer, we do deploy units a little bit faster. So I am not so sure Daktronics – I am not so sure that their issue is our 
issue. Keith, I am sorry. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah, on the expense side, I guess we just have to see how the digital rollout continues, but I guess 
what we are asking is that, we've kind of accustomed everybody to 3 to 5% expense growth year-in, year-out that 
historically we have achieved. And as long as the digitals continue rolling out at the paces that they have been rolling 
out in '06, I think everybody just needs to keep in mind that that is going to add 1% to that 3 to 5% number. So if you – 
whatever number we post at the end of each quarter, as long as the digitals are rolling out, please keep in mind that 1% 
of that is going to be based on the digital expense components. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: But having said that, we are not ready to recalibrate our traditional 3 to 5% expense growth 
rate. 

<A - Keith Istre>: And just to pipe in with the rate which I didn't give. Q4 '06 posters including digital, the poster rate 
averaged $472; the bulletin rate averaged $1,264. If you strip out digital, the poster rate was at 461 for Q4 '06 and the 
bulletin rate was at $1,244. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. James Dix with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - James Dix>: Good morning, gentlemen. Just a couple of questions. Sorry I got cut off, so if I repeat anything, just 
let me know. Keith, did you give any outlook on your full year digital CapEx budgets? And then for the first quarter, is 
all that TAB expense going to hit in the first quarter or is that going to be spread out through the year? And then Sean 
just on those rates, is that a combined rate for junior and full posters and bulletins that got that 472 and 1,264, so like 
that bulletin number, does that include junior as well as full-sized bulletins in that average rate? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yes, for that question. 

<Q - James Dix>: Okay. 

<A - Keith Istre>: James, this is Keith. On the digital, we did not give out guidance as far as CapEx. That's something 
that we do at the end of each quarter in arrears. And as far as the TAB expense, no, that will be amortized quarterly 
over the year, equally in each quarter. 

<Q - James Dix>: Okay. So, I guess your 1Q OpEx expectation is kind of similar to – is in line with the general 
comments you gave? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Correct. 


<Q - James Dix>: Okay. Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Lehman Brothers. Okay. Jason Helfstein with CIBC World 
Markets. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Hi. Two questions, actually three questions. First maybe one to Sean, the numbers you gave, 
the 461 and the 1,244, just what was the pricing increase that each of those would imply year-over-year? And then I 
have two follow-ups. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I'm going to have to get back with you on that one because I don't have the '05 in front of me. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay. And then, so if I do the math, I think when you did your last conference call, you had 
263 digital displays. You are saying now you guys have 360, that's 97 displays in about three months or call it 30 to 33 
a month, so that's kind of like a ray of like 90 in the quarter; that seems like a big number. I am just wondering, am I 
doing the math right? And then I have got one last follow-up. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, you are doing it right. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: The numbers are correct. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay. And then any more color, one of the things you guys have talked about is, posters as you 
guys are putting up the poster network, you are seeing much higher revenue conversion ratios. Is there any more color 
you can provide us this quarter relative to what you said last quarter? I mean are you still seeing kind of a 10 to 15% 
conversion ratio on the poster networks? Actually no, I think you had said it was 15 to 20 times, that's high 15 to 20 on 
the poster networks, so any more color there? And kind of as you look into '07, what you expect to do with that 
network – with those networks? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Sean, I will let you try to wrestle with that, but that number doesn't sound – 15, that sounds 
like a really high multiple. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, that sounds a little high to me. I am much more comfortable quoting something in the sort of 
8 to 12 range for posters. But in general, I mean if you want to sort of make a general statement as to how we are 
performing and viewing the two different digital conversions, because you are starting with a lower base of revenue, 
the multiple of your base revenue for digital conversion on posters is higher, but when you look at the CapEx involved, 
the ROIs are actually lower. So the pay backs are running in the 3 to 3 1/2 year range. If you look at bulletins because 
you are losing more revenue, the conversion number is more in the 6 to 8 multiple, but the ROIs are better because it's 
just the quirk in the square footage of the boards, the square footage cost. So if that's helpful that's kind of way we look 
at them, both products are great and we are very happy and pleased with the way they are performing. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: And any more sense of kind of what's the saturation point with the number of poster networks 
you could run per market, so I know... 

<A - Sean Reilly>: We don't have a market with more than one poster network in it yet. We hope to get there this year. 
We have about a half a dozen markets where the percentage of the overall book of business is between 15 and 18% 
digital. So this year we are also going to have some markets that go over that threshold where their overall book of 
business is over 20% digital. I think we are going to learn a lot when that happens. We will get to see -- as you go from 
20% to 30%, your book of business being digital, whether you are cannibalizing your core business or actually adding 
new customers and growing it without cannibalizing. We are not there yet, but we will hit that threshold in several 
markets this year. 


<A - Keith Istre>: Also we are trying to move the organization away from this idea of posters versus bulletins and 
think in terms of aspect ratio. And what I mean by that is you don't have to network just posters, just get out even 
distribution throughout the marketplace, put the appropriate size unit or the viewshed and make sure the aspect ratio is 
the same so that a 14x48, [inaudible] and half a dozen posters, you can network all of those units to help the customer 
reach their best potential customer. And so there is a little bit of change going on in the organization and everybody is 
beginning to understand that. It's going to be a very fun and exciting year for our sales force. They're going to have an 
opportunity to call on a lot of new different customers and they're going to have a lot to talk about when they get in 
front of those customers. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Just a last follow-up, I'm sorry, I apologize for rambling on, then I'll let somebody else go. 
Sean, just with respect to kind of this first quarter blip, given that you take orders much further out than kind of 30 and 
60 days. Is there any kind of -- I don't know --comparison your book for '07 versus at this point in '06 to give us a 
comparison of, "Okay, maybe first quarter is lower but you are trending better than last year in second quarter" 
something like that? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Well, if you recall, we used to give out that information of comp to budget, book-to-goal. And what 
we found was because we were comping to an internal budget that we don't release that became a meaningless exercise. 
What I can say is that if you take our national book of business, it is pacing better than same time last year. So that 
gives me confidence that we are not -- that the overall aggregate economy isn't heading into the ditch. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Yeah, I'll put in other way. If we thought it was a trend, we would say so. 

<Q - Jason Helfstein>: I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. Anthony DiClemente with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Hi. Sorry about that before. A couple of quick questions, just wanted to ask you what 
percentage of your boards are located at what you would call high traffic or intersection type areas because I imagine 
that the digital rollout is more effective in areas like metro markets where you have traffic lights, where just given the 
dynamic nature of the boards, people are stopped, so they could see a change as opposed to like a highway in a rural 
area where traffic is always moving. If you could comment on that. And then secondly quick housekeeping type 
question. I noticed that your cash flow from operations in the quarters was about 100 million versus 125 million in the 
year ago period. So I didn't see why that was -- can you just let me know -- let us know why that went down because I 
don't think it was as a result of working capital changes? Thank you. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Anthony, our Controller is sitting here, she will answer that question for you. 

<A>: Moving to the second part of your question about the cash flow from operations, it actually was – it was from 
working capital some changes from Q4 2005 relative to the change in Q4 2006. Principally in receivables for about 12 
million, the AP we accrued, less in the latter part of '06 for digital than we had in previous quarters, about 5 million and 
a difference in accrued interest for about 8 million. A negative timing difference is on the balance sheet based on 
circumstances at the end of both of those fourth quarter periods. Does that answer your question? 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Yeah. I guess it's just a split out as a separate -- your changes in working capital is put on 
a separate line to derive free cash flow. So my impression was that it was excluded from that CFFO number, but may 
be I am just looking at it the wrong way? 

<A>: Yeah. I think and really from -- the cash flow statement, cash flow from operations really need to be looked at as 
a cumulative not really a breaking out from quarter-to-quarter, because the change in the working capital just changes 
in the balance sheet during that the quarterly period so... 


<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Yeah, regarding where the units are, most of our units are in commercial and industrial areas. 
We do have highway units that are outside of the urban areas, but it's -- it doesn't -- it don't amount to much. We try to 
put these units in places where you have the longest dwell time possible because the longer the dwell time the lower the 
cost per thousand to the customer. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: All right. I guess the spirit of my question is along the lines of -- in your opinion, what 
percentage of your roughly 140,000 billboard base is digitizable? You know, what...? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: No, I got you. Yeah, let me just hit that one real quick because I didn't explain it probably as 
artfully as I should have earlier. The way we look at this is not the number of boards we have that can be converted, but 
rather the critical mass of customers in a local market that can afford to be new customers to our medium when we do 
convert. And so, that's not a question we can answer right now, other than we do know that as we have middle markets, 
let's call it Baton Rouge, Mobile or Redding, Pennsylvania, middle market USA. As digital creeps up to where it's 
between 15 and 20% of the book of business for that particular outdoor operation, we know we are not cannibalizing. 
Now the question is when you add so much digital in a market where it's 25, 30, 35% of your book of business, do you 
start cannibalizing? And I think that's the appropriate way to look at how much digital we can put in a given market, 
not look at it in terms of how many units we can convert, but how much digital appetite there is in a local market. We 
haven't hit that point yet, we think we are going to learn a lot this year as we push 20, 25% of a given local market 
having their book of business be digital. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Well, I am just curious what was the metric you use to figure out what that break point 
is? Would it be...? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, it's going to have to be experiential. I just don't think we can predict. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Yeah. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: We can only look at what we have done so far and say, you know what, we are not chewing into 
our core business. [audio gap] And also at a certain point you have to because there is only so much local advertising 
available in places like Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and Little Rock, Arkansas and places like that. 

<Q - Anthony DiClemente>: Got you. Thank you very much for taking the question. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mr. Mark Wienkes with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Hey, good morning. Just wondering Keith if you could help us with where you stand on the 
NOL right now in your outlook forecast taxes for '07? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah, we did have some carryover from '06 into '07 slightly more than we had anticipated. I am not 
sure exactly what the K is going to say, but I think it's between 50 and 60 million, so we will still get the benefit of that 
NOL in '07. As far as the exact number, I really can't give that out but I think if you use that NOL number and based on 
your estimates for '07 as far as net income before taxes, you can come up with something in the approximate range. 

<Q - Mark Wienkes>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Klim with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Klim>: Hi, guys. Two quick questions for you. I hopped on late, so sorry if you've answered this. But how 
did you actually come up with the $3.25 per share dividend? And then has your comfort level in terms of leverage 


changed at all or can you just explain or is it still the 4 to 6 times? Thanks. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Well, if all of the $935 million that we've announced went out the door tomorrow, our leverage 
would be at about 5.3 to 1 without the converts. So I don't think that we've changed dramatically. Our feelings 
regarding the company's leverage, but what we'd be willing to tolerate in terms of a max leverage. As far as the $3.25 
per share, our first preference is share buyback. So we wanted to pick a number that was meaningful, but did not have a 
dramatic impact on the company's accretion or dilution of free cash flow per share and so pretty much a 5% dividend 
seemed to be a good number. 

<Q - John Klim>: Okay. Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wachovia. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: Thank you. Have the costs of the digital board come down at all? That's my first question. 
And then, is Daktronics still your primary digital supplier or have you bought boards from some new suppliers such as 
Seiko? And then one more question for Sean, is there any update to your M&A plans for the year? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: I'll hit the M&A question real quick. Probably not as many deals as last year. Did I go through the 
matrix on how many deals we did last year? 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: No. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Why don't I hit that real quick? For the year, we did 78 transactions, spent $178 million, that's 
excluding easements. If you add easements, we spent about 50 million on easements, bringing the total acquisition 
budget up to 227 million. If I had to categorize it, I see fewer targets on the outdoor side, so you are probably not going 
to see as much money or transactions in '07. It's not because we don't want to do them, but it's just -- the runway is 
getting a little shorter, but you'll probably see more money spent on real estate and easement purchases. So that's sort of 
a general categorization of how that will shape up in '07. 

<Q - Marci Ryvicker>: All right, thank you. And for -- yeah, go ahead. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jonathan Jacoby with the Banc of America. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just one question here. Can you give us -you 
usually sometime or sometimes give us the number for real estate in the fourth quarter, the real estate category. I 
am wondering if that is perhaps some of the impact in the first quarter of the year if that category has weakened on sort 
of the year-over-year delta? Thanks. 

<A - Keith Istre>: No. Jonathan, this is Keith. I check those numbers monthly and there has been absolutely no fall 
off, it's very strong this January over last January and it is tracking the same way that it has throughout '06, no fall off 
whatsoever. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: What was the percentage of total revs in that category for the fourth quarter? 

<A - Keith Istre>: I don't have the fourth quarter, but for the year it was 9%. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: And that's up over 7% in '05? 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah. 

<Q - Jonathan Jacoby>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Eileen Furukawa with Citigroup. 

<Q - Eileen Furukawa>: Hi, thanks for taking my question, I have a couple of questions. First, a follow-up on the 
pace of digital deployment, it seems like you are running around 28 boards of color per month. I was wondering if there 
is room to accelerate this or just regulation or number of personnel or capacity stand as the limiting factor. In other 
words, I mean, is your current run rate really near a maximum for you or is the pace more limited from your side, if you 
could pickup the pace if you wanted to? And also on the buybacks, should we expect buybacks at the same pace as you 
had last year and would you consider taking on more debt to fund buybacks? And finally, can you tell us what kind of 
cost savings you have on the Magink boards versus the LED board? Thanks. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: On the pace of the rollout, it's a 100% regulatory, and we would be spending every nickel. We 
wouldn't be doing a dividend or a share buyback if we could deploy these units faster. 

<Q - Eileen Furukawa>: So you are at a maximum pace for now? 

<A - Sean Reilly>: Yeah, but 100% of the reason for that is regulatory. 

<Q - Eileen Furukawa>: Okay. 

<A - Sean Reilly>: It doesn't have to do with industry capacity or our ability to get these units up. The difference in 
cost between Magink and LED digital displays, I am going to let Brent answer that question, but before he gives you 
the details – cost is not our – wouldn't be our concern regarding Magink, it's how well they work out there in the 
marketplace. But Brent you want to kind of just...? 

<A - Brent McCoy>: What we are finding is that Magink is the point of second generation and the square footage cost 
is actually higher than for a comparable LED although you do get better resolution. But because they have to put a 
piece of glass in front of them, they weigh about the same and there is a maximum size constraint. We are hoping with 
their third generation that that cost will come down. We would like to see them competitive for the same size or the 
same square footage cost with LED. But right now, they are little bit higher, but they do have -- since they are not 
light-emitting, there are some advantages to us. So hopefully that answers the question. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: I think we missed your third question. 

<Q - Eileen Furukawa>: The pace of buyback, should we just consider a similar pace as you had last year or do you 
think it could accelerate and would you consider taking on debt to fund buybacks? 

<A - Keith Istre>: I don't -- we are probably not going to comment on that. I think you can conclude that we would 
take on debt to accomplish the buyback given just the sheer size of what we've announced. 

<Q - Eileen Furukawa>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Gordon Hodge with Thomas Wiesel Partners. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions. One, I'm just wondering what percentage of the digital 
boards you have up are on leased land or are you still finding opportunities to put them up on own land? And if you 
have leased situations, what you are seeing in terms of lease rate negotiations as you go into that process? And then 
second, if you could just comment on the corporate expense growth in the fourth quarter to give a little color there? 
And then lastly on the TAB measurement payment, is this in lieu of or are you still proceeding with the other 
measurement programs at sort of the same pace you were before and maybe just update us on where Arbitron and 
Nielsen et cetera are? Thanks. 


<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: Okay, I will do -- Gordon this is Kevin. I will do audience measurement and leased versus 
owned. From the leased versus owned real estate, I think the best way to answer that is that as we go forward, there will 
be margin compression because we've gone after the low hanging fruit first. And so, more and more locations will be 
on leased property versus owned property. And, we will have to share some of the economics with the landlord like we 
have on our most recent deployments. So I think it's -- the margin compression is a kind of compression you would 
expect in the lifecycle of any sort of new product launch. We're out of the box real quick with very attractive margins. 
And as time goes on, you will see some compression there and most of the compression will be along the lines of the 
question that you asked. It will just be revenue sharing economics. On the TAB versus others, we are 100% TAB and 
not interested in others. The primary reason for that is others were interested in a proprietary system that would result 
in a significant recurring cost to us. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Okay. 

<A - Kevin Reilly, Jr.>: And the problem we had sorting this out over the last couple of years is we didn't want to 
jump on TAB's bandwagon and have them not be credible in the marketplace. So spend all this money for your 
audience measurement and not have the advertising agencies and the customers accept the work. What we have done is 
we've reorganized the TAB. It's a tripartite organization now, billboard companies, ad agencies and customers and we 
have a very respected man at the helm who has good currency in the ad agency marketplace. And so I've got a lot of 
confidence that the money we spend with TAB for audience measurement is going to be -- we picked the right horse 
and it's going to be a good investment for us. I think your last question was for Keith. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah, on the expense, in Q4, Gordon, was that it? 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Yeah, exactly. Thanks. 

<A - Keith Istre>: Yeah. I assume you mean as far as the retraction in the expenses over the prior quarters and as I 
mentioned earlier, we've got some help from the price of energy coming down in the fourth quarter over the third 
quarter. Our largest expense, our lease expense was down 1.1% in Q4 over what it had been tracking throughout the 
rest of the year. Our lease expense had been running on the high side at roughly 5% and for Q4 it came in at 4%. So we 
did get a break there. And our transit expenses which were running in the mid-teens came down to approximately 7 for 
Q4 as well. I think they are beginning to lap some contracts that we were priced last year at new rates. And so, that 
along with the combination of a couple of other items allowed us to come in at a lower rate than what we had been 
producing throughout the year. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: What about corporate, it was up about 20%. I'm just curious, is there anything -- is that 
something that we should look to continue in '07 or is that...? 

<A - Keith Istre>: I don't think so. I don't think so, Gordon. A lot of the corporate expense was in IT... 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Okay. 

<A - Keith Istre>: ...developing a user friendly website for our customers that could -- they can go in and insert their 
own ads for the time that they acquire on these digital displays. We are going to be spending a significant amount of 
money there, but gearing up the network operating center which is 100%, that's done, so the network operating center is 
in place. The artist, additional artists that we hired, we charged that to ourselves rather than back out to the profit 
centers, because we didn't want the profit centers charging the customers for additional art. One of the propositions -sale 
propositions to the customer is that you can change your message as many times as you want, no production 
charge. All those artists are in place. So I'm not -- I'm thinking that we are going to get a break on the corporate 
expense growth scorecard in '07. 

<Q - Gordon Hodge>: Terrific. Thank you. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 


David, I want to thank all of our shareholders and friends for listening in and we look forward to the next call. Is there 
anything else you need to note of conclude this thing? 

Operator 

No sir. 

Kevin P. Reilly, Jr., Chief Executive Officer 

All right. The call is officially over. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, the call has now ended. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


