Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Tore Svanberg 
• Lothar Maier 
• John Pitzer 
• Ross Seymore 
• Doug Freedman 
• Joanne Feeney 
• Christopher Danely 
• Robert Swanson, Jr. 
• Uche Orji 
• Craig Hettenbach 
• Romit Shah 
• Blayne Curtis 
• Craig Berger 
• Steven Smigie 
• David Wu 
• Sumit Dhanda 
• Paul McWilliams 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Linear Technology Corporation Fiscal 2009 Second Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Coghlan, Chief 
Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Hello, good morning. Welcome to the Linear Technology conference call. I'll be joined this morning by Bob Swanson, 
who is our Chairman – our Executive Chairman; and Lothar Maier, who is our Chief Executive Officer. 

I will give you a brief overview of our recently completed second quarter and fiscal 2009, and then address the current 
business climate. We will then open up the conference call to questions to be directed at Bob, Lothar or myself. 

I trust you've all seen copies of our press release, which was published last night. First, however, I would like to remind 
you that except for historical information, the matters that we will be describing this morning will be forward-looking 
statements that are dependent on certain risks and uncertainties, including such factors among others, as new orders 
received and shipped during the quarter, the timely introduction of new processes and products, and general conditions 


in the world economies and financial markets. 

In addition to these risks, which we described in our press release issued yesterday, we refer you to the risk factors 
listed in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2008, particularly management discussion and 
analysis of financial condition and results of operations. 

Secondly, SEC Regulation FD, regarding selective disclosure, influences our interaction with investors. We've opened 
up this conference call to enable all interested investors to listen in. The press release, and this conference call, will be 
our forum to respond to questions, regarding our estimated financial performance going forward. Consequently, should 
you have any questions regarding our estimates of sales and profits or other financial matters for the upcoming quarter, 
as well as how they might impact our income statement model and our balance sheet, this is the time we're free to 
respond to these questions. 

As you can tell from our press release, this was a unique quarter in difficult times. First of all, the quarter was 
significantly impacted operationally by a 20% downturn in sales. Going into the quarter, we cautioned you that the 
global credit crisis was likely to have its severe effect on our customers and we predicted that sales will be down 
sequentially in the 10% to 20% range. As the quarter progressed, the economic environment worsened and our sales 
came in the low-end of our range. 

Secondly, the downturn in the financial markets depressed the trading price of our convertible debt. We employed 
roughly 178 million of our cash to retire 200 million face value of our 3 1/8 Convertible Senior Notes callable in 
November 2010. This resulted in a gain of approximately $21 million net of deferred issuance cost. 

Thirdly, the company offset some of the gain from the early retirement of debt by accelerating the vesting of all 
out-of-the-money stock options previously awarded to its non-officer and non-director employees. This eliminated an 
ongoing non-cash charge drain on future quarterly income statements pertaining to stock option grants that held little 
present motivation for current employees. The additional charge to the income statement as a result of the acceleration 
of approximately 1.4 million shares totaled $15 million, thereby increasing cost of sales by 2.3 million, R&D by 7.5 
million and SG&A by 5.2 million. 

Fourthly, the company incurred approximately 1.6 million in restructuring expenses for employee severance costs 
related to a reduction in workforce of approximately 100 employees. 

Fifth, the company reduced quarterly operating costs by approximately 9.5 million through selected weekly plant 
closures and otherwise limiting operating expenditures where possible. 

Lastly, the company's quarterly tax rate of 22% was positively impacted as a result of the R&D tax credit, which was 
restored by Congress' legislation retroactive to the beginning of calendar 2008. The company's pre-tax profits as a 
percent of sales were 43.3% and would have been roughly 41.5% of sales had not the retirement of debt, the restructure 
charge nor the acceleration of stock options taken place. 

In summary, the effect of the items I just listed on the published quarterly results was as follows. Revenue of 249 
million for the second quarter of fiscal year 2009 decreased 20% compared to the previous quarter's revenue of $310.4 
million and decreased 14% or $39.5 million from 288.7 million reported in the second quarter of fiscal 2008. 

Diluted earnings per share of $0.38 decreased $0.10 per share or 21% from the first quarter of fiscal 2009 and 
decreased $0.03 per share or 7% from the second quarter of fiscal 2008. 

Net income of $84.2 million decreased 23.4 million or 21.8% from the first quarter of fiscal 2009 and decreased 9.6 
million or 10.2% from the second quarter of fiscal 2008. During the December quarter, the company's cash and 
short-term investments balance decreased by 121 million to $900.2 million, net of spending approximately $179 
million to purchase $200 million of face value of its 3 1/8 Convertible Senior Notes. 

The company also announced increasing its dividend from $0.21 per share to $0.22 per share. The company has raised 
its dividend every year since it began paying dividends in 1992. The company believes that raising its dividend is an 
important way to return value to its shareholders. This cash dividend will be paid on February 25, 2009 to stockholders 


of record on February 13, 2009. 

Looking ahead to the March quarter, we believe we have not yet seen the bottom from the economic fallout of the 
global credit crisis, as our bookings continue to be weak in the early part of this quarter. At this time it is difficult to 
forecast when we will see some stabilization and subsequent recovery. Our current estimates anticipate that our third 
quarter fiscal revenues will be down in the 15 to 20% range from the second quarter. 

In order to meet these expectations, our turnable bookings in February and March will need to exceed the depressed 
December and January run rate. Nevertheless, we will continue to control costs where possible and make adjustments 
to our operations as necessary to mitigate the effect of declining revenues. However, pre-tax profits are likely to fall 
into the low to mid 30s range as a percent of net sales and around 40% of net sales on a non-GAAP basis, excluding the 
impact of stock-based compensation. We anticipate having industry leading profitability as we successfully navigate 
through this difficult period. 

As managers we can control spending and deploy our talent to best position Linear for growth and profitability when 
the markets return. As a reminder, in 2001 Linear managed its business well through the dot-com bust. We remained 
highly profitable as a percentage of sales and continued to be cash flow positive. 

This quarter, in addition we have shown good attention to asset management, as our receivables have been reduced in 
concert with sales, thereby having our days sales in receivables at 47 days versus 48 days for the last two quarters. 
Also, inventory on our balance sheet was slightly reduced and our return on assets was 21%. 

In April 2007, the company entered into an accelerated share repurchase which enabled it to buy back 27% of its shares 
outstanding at that time. This ASR and the associated debt has improved our returns on equity and invested capital. Our 
current ratio was 6.4:1. Our ending on hand inventory at distribution was similar to last quarter and lead times have 
remained unchanged at four to six weeks. 

Strategically, we believe industrial, communications infrastructure and automotive will be attractive markets driven by 
the advances in communications capabilities, industrial innovation and the need for energy and fuel efficiencies. 

Now I would like to address the quarter's results on a line by line basis starting with bookings. Bookings were down 
significantly from the prior quarter and for the first time in several years, we had substantial cancellations. As a result 
our book to bill ratio was significantly less than one. Bookings decreased in all geographies and all end markets, 
although cell phone and high-end consumer were the most pronounced. 

At this time every quarter, we give you a breakdown of our bookings percentages by end markets to give you insight 
into those markets that drive our business. We continue to strive to improve the accuracy of this market data and have 
made some improvements going into fiscal 2009 which are reflected in both the Q1 and Q2 numbers. 

Industrial and communications continue to be our largest areas. Industrial was 41% of our bookings, up from 35% last 
quarter, although it decreased in absolute dollars across a broad base of distributors and customers. Communications at 
25% decreased from 29% last quarter. Cell phone bookings were actually slightly negative for the quarter, whereas the 
rest of communications, which is infrastructure and networking, although decreasing in absolute dollars, increased a 
lower percentage than other areas except industrial and the military. 

Computer at 11% decreased from 12% last quarter. Automotive at 8% remained the same, although it decreased in 
absolute dollars. This is an area that's suffering in the economy now. However, given the move to more fuel-efficient 
vehicles, it's an area of emphasis for Linear. We recently introduced a part for battery monitoring in hybrid and electric 
vehicles that has received early acclaim. In addition, we continue to distinguish Linear as a high quality supplier in 
important international automotive manufacturers. 

Consumer at 6% dropped from 10% as bookings tapered off significantly toward the end of the quarter into the end of 
the holiday season. 

Finally, the military, space, and harsh environment products increased from 6% to 8%, although dropping somewhat in 
absolute dollars. 


In summary, we have been transitioning over the last several years into more traditional analog businesses and less into 
consumer related end markets. Whereas 20% of our business was in cell phone and high-end consumer related markets 
in 2005, and 16% in fiscal 2008, in the past quarter, this percentage was 5%. Note that 59% of our bookings were 
created internationally, up from 54% last quarter. 

Moving from bookings to sales, net sales decreased 19.7% from the prior quarter and 13.7% from the similar quarter in 
the prior year. Sales were down both domestically and internationally. Asia was our weakest area, as most of our 
shipments for consumer and cell phone customers are to subcontractors in Asia. Asia decreased from 42% of sales to 
38% of sales in the quarter. Conversely, on a lower sales number, USA increased from 27 to 31% of sales. Japan 
remained at 13% and Europe remained at 18% of sales. 

Gross margin: gross margin was 74.9% versus 77% in the last quarter. However, without the one-time acceleration of 
out-of-the-money stock options, gross margin would have been 75.8%, not 74.9%. The 75.8% was 1.2% worse than 
last quarter. 

There were lower factory efficiencies due to absorbing fixed costs over a lower sales base and due to absorption 
resulting from – and due to lost absorption, pardon me, resulting from weekly factory shutdowns. These decreases were 
partially offset by a higher ASP, by lower purchase price variances and by lower profit sharing. Our ASP for the 
quarter was $1.56 versus $1.47 in the prior quarter, primarily due to a reduction in cell phone and consumer related 
shipments. 

R&D: R&D at 53.3 million increased by 2.4 million and also increased as a percent of sales from 16.4% to 21.4%. 
However, the acceleration of employee stock options resulted in a one-time charge of $7.5 million to R&D. Without 
this charge, R&D would have been 45.8 million, a decrease of 5.1 million from last quarter. Due to this significant 
decrease in sales, the lower quarterly R&D expenditures still would have resulted in an increase in R&D as a percent of 
sales from 16.4% last quarter to 18.4% this quarter. Decreases in labor due to plant shutdowns and lower profit-sharing 
accounted for most of the 5.1 million decrease. Decrease in other costs such as legal also contributed. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 700,000 and also increased as a percent of sales from 11.9% 
to 15.2%. However, just as in R&D, acceleration of employee stock options resulted in a one-time charge which was 

5.2 million to the SG&A line. Without this charge SG&A would have been 32.6 million, a decrease of 4.5 million from 
last quarter. SG&A then would have been 13.1% of sales versus 11.9% last quarter. Decreases in labor due to plant 
shutdowns and lower profit-sharing accounted for most of the decrease with lower legal, communications and human 
resource expenditures also contributing to this reduction. 
The restructuring charge: the company incurred approximately 1.6 million in restructuring expenses for employee 
severance costs related to a reduction in workforce of approximately 100 employees. 

Resulting operating income: as a result of all the above, operating income decreased by 56.9 million, of which the 
acceleration of employee stock options and the restructuring charge constituted approximately 16 million. Therefore 
operating income as a percent of sales decreased from 48.6% last quarter to 37.7% as reported and 44.4% of sales 
without the impact of one-time charges. This is strong profitability in this recessionary period. 

Interest expense at 13.2 million was down 1.2 million from last quarter due to the elimination of interest expense 
relative to the retired 200 million face value of convertible debt. 

Interest income of 6.1 million decreased 861,000 due to both lower average cash, since 178 million was used to retire 
debt and also due to a lower effective interest rate of 2.79 this quarter compared – pardon me: of 2.6% this quarter 
compared with 2.79 last quarter. Since the government has responded to the economic crisis by lowering interest rates, 
interest income will probably be reduced by a similar amount next quarter. 

Gain on retirement of debt: the company reported a $21 million gain net of deferred issuance costs on purchasing and 
retiring 200 million in face value of its 3.125% Convertible Senior Notes callable in 2010. 


As a result of all the transactions discussed above, the company's pre-tax profits as a percent of sales declined from 
46.2% last quarter to 43.3% this quarter. Had there been no special one-time items this quarter, our pre-tax profits 
would have been 41.5% of sales. 

Our tax rate was 22% this quarter versus 25% last quarter. The ongoing effective tax rate was 28% this quarter versus 
29.5% last quarter. During the quarter, the Congress re-enacted the R&D credit and made it retroactive to the beginning 
of calendar 2008. This resulted in a discrete tax item of roughly 6% this quarter and caused the ongoing effective tax 
rate to fall to 28%. 

The major tax savings items that will support our effective tax rate are the benefits from our tax holidays overseas, our 
tax-exempt interest, our domestic manufacturing tax benefits and the R&D credit. The resulting net income of 84.2 
million is a decrease of 23.5 million from the previous quarter due largely to the decrease in sales partially offset by the 
unique items discussed above. The resulting return on sales was 33.8% versus 34.7% reported last quarter. 

The average shares outstanding used in the calculation of earnings per share decreased by 2,437,000 shares during the 
quarter due to the significant reduction in the company's stock price during the quarter, which reduced the number of 
diluted shares outstanding. The company now has no non-qualified stock options that are in the money so that both 
basic and diluted shares used in the calculation of earnings per share are similar. The resulting earnings per share was 
$0.38, a decrease of $0.10 or 21% from the prior quarter and 7% from $0.41 in the second quarter last year. 

Had there been no one-time charges, earnings per share would have been $0.34. On a pro forma basis, without the 
impact of stock based compensation, earnings per share would have been $0.48 versus $0.53 last quarter. 

Moving to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments decreased by 121.7 million. During the quarter, the 
company spent 179 million to purchase and retire 200 million in face value of its convertible debt, 102.6 million was 
provided by operations, 47.5 million was paid in cash dividends and 7.5 million was used to purchase fixed assets. 

For the 91st consecutive quarter, the company had positive cash flow from operations. Our cash and short-term 
investment balance is now $900 million and represents 60% of total assets. Accounts receivable of 127.8 million 
decreased by 35.4 million or 22% from last quarter. Our days sales and accounts receivable were 47 days, down from 
48 days last quarter. 

Inventory at 54.9 million decreased 526,000 from last quarter. Raw materials and finished goods were down 
marginally, whereas WIP [Work in Progress], mostly in die bank, was up marginally. Our inventory turns was 4.5 
times, down from 5.1 times last quarter due to the decrease in sales, not an increase in inventory. 

Deferred taxes and other current assets decreased by 7.9 million from the September quarter, primarily due to a 
decrease in pre-paid taxes on our intercompany transactions and a decrease in our interest income receivable due to the 
reduction in investments to retire a portion of our debt. 

Property, plant and equipments decreased by 3 million. We had additions of 7,492,000 and depreciation of 10,527,000. 
Most of the additions were for fab equipment and for building improvements for clean room expansion in our Milpitas 
fabrication plant and for our new R&D building in Milpitas and for assembly equipments in our Penang, Malaysia 
plant. 

We had planned to spend roughly 65 million for capital additions in fiscal 2009 and now believe that will be reduced to 
roughly 43 million. And we will probably have depreciation of roughly 42 million for the fiscal year. Other non-current 
assets totaled 78.7 million, changing modestly by 1.5 million. 

Moving to the liability side of the balance sheet: accounts payable decreased 6.4 million, primarily due to decreased 
capital equipment purchases and lower production supply spending. Accrued income taxes, payroll and other accrued 
liabilities decreased by 37.2 million. The largest items here are our profit-sharing accrual, income taxes payable and 
accrued interest payable on our convertible debt. The largest impact this quarter was in the accrued income taxes area. 
Two tax payments were required in the second quarter whereas none were required in the first quarter of the fiscal year. 


Deferred income on shipments to distribution decreased this quarter as our shipments to U.S. distributors were roughly 
6 million less than they shipped out to their end customers. Our accounting on shipments to U.S. distribution is 
conservative. We do not record a sale nor income in our results of operations until the distributor ships the product out 
to its end customer. We continue to closely control our inventory at distribution to properly position the inventory 
without any unneeded build up. 

Convertible Senior Notes were reduced as the company paid 179 million to retire 200 million in face value of the notes. 
Deferred tax and other long-term liabilities increased by 9.1 million due to several tax related items. Changes in 
stockholder equity accounts were primarily the result of the usual quarterly transactions for net income, dividends paid 
and employee stock activity. 

The company announced that it will increase its quarterly dividend from $0.21 per share to $0.22 per share. The 
company believes that raising its dividend is an important way to return value to its shareholders. The company began 
paying a dividend in 1992, and has increased it every year since and currently now pays a 4% yield. 

Looking forward, I would like to close out our introductory comments by revisiting our guidance. Our guidance of 15% 
to 20% down in net sales is based on inputs from our worldwide sales force and inputs from our production control 
personnel who monitor bookings, cancellations, push outs, pull ins and customer lead time requests. In addition to these 
inputs, we talk with distribution personnel and we analyze individual customer feedback. 

Forecasting is presently more complicated because customers have to consider not only the demand on them, but also 
their ability to finance this forecasted demand. The worldwide credit crisis has had a big impact on this. This is one of 
the challenges of the new administration in the USA and other countries worldwide to unblock the credit channels. 

We expect forthcoming economic data to report diminishing factory utilization rates and rising unemployment claims, 
however, despite weak economic reports, inventories are low, backlogs are low and cancellations have probably 
already peaked and are diminishing. 

As I stated earlier, the lion's share of our business is now in traditional analog markets such as industrial, 
communications infrastructure, automotive, military and space end markets. Historically these markets are strongest in 
the early part of the calendar year. Although these markets may weaken further, we do not expect the rate of decline to 
be dramatic as consumer related markets such as cell phone and high-end consumer products had been. However, all of 
these factors contribute to a lack of visibility, which makes quarterly forecasting subject to wide ranges and potential 
errors. 

In these uncertain times there are measures we can take to control costs since many of our costs, particularly in the 
labor area, are variable. In the March quarter we expect to have manufacturing, R&D and SG&A personnel participate 
in plant shutdowns of roughly 3 weeks. In addition profit sharing, which has historically been high at Linear, can be 
reduced in concert with reductions in sales. 

Discretionary spending in communications, legal and other areas will be closely controlled. As a result, we currently 
forecast that we can achieve pre-tax profitability in the low to mid 30% range of sales which is in the 40% range on a 
pro forma basis excluding the effects of non-cash charges for stock based compensation. 

We wanted to emphasize that in another difficult economic period in 2001, during the dot-com bust, we remained very 
profitable and cash flow positive unlike many of our competitors. We are therefore in a position to continue to invest in 
the future, specifically in developing unique analog circuits to meet the new needs in the communications, industrial, 
automotive and other end markets. In technology, the key is to be innovative and well positioned when growth 
resumes. After the dot-com bust our sales for the next three fiscal years then grew 18%, 33% and 30%. These are 
difficult times but we hope to emerge again well positioned to outperform the competition. 

I would now like to open up the conference call to questions to be addressed to either Bob, Lothar or myself. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Good morning, Paul, you said cancellations have peaked and are diminishing. Can you just 
elaborate a little bit more on that and you know what does that mean for potential future orders? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Maybe I'll take a stab at that. Well, there is really two answers to that. One is the belief that 
cancellations are probably peaked and behind us somewhat is that what we are seeing from our customers is many, not 
the majority, of the business we are seeing, are orders that that are very short-term, meaning shippable in the next 3, 4, 
5, 6 weeks. So customers are not putting a lot of long-term backlog on us and as such, the chance for a customer to 
cancel is pretty low. So, that's one reason. And the other reason is just that, as Paul had mentioned, our backlog is just 
less than it was last quarter and so there is just less backlog to cancel. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: And the third reason, Tore, is last quarter we told you we had significant reductions in business 
in cell phone and consumer related markets. In the quarter in those markets some of our primary customers had 
cancellations that we don't think will repeat in the next quarter. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Great. And my second question is, you are expecting some bookings later on in the quarter so 
you must be looking at some improvement. Can you just talk a little bit about where you get that conviction from? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, I think there is really several reasons for that. One is the fact that historically the March 
quarter is a good quarter for us. So there is a hope that some of that trend will continue into this quarter. The other is 
the fact that – what we just mentioned, we think cancellations have peaked and don't expect to see as many cancellation 
this quarter as we did last quarter. And the other thing is that last quarter it's our sense that a lot of our customers very 
aggressively reduced their inventory. And so, we don't think we've lost that business, it's just the customers have 
reduced their inventory and at some point they're going to have to reorder again. And so all of those things together 
makes us hopeful that February and March will pick up. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Pitzer [Credit Suisse]. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, guys, thanks for taking my question. Just as a follow on, Paul, if turns weren't to pick up, 
what would that 15 to 20% guidance number look like then? And I guess help me understand, you talked about book to 
bill significantly below one in the December quarter. Can you help us bracket some numbers behind that? And then I 
have a follow-up. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, I mean we are dependent on turns as we historically are as well. If you look at the 
historical numbers for us, we're normally in the very high 50s percent for turns, or in most recent quarters we've been. 
This quarter we're in the very low 60% for turns, so it's not far off what it has been. On the other hand – so that means 
we need 60% of our business to turn. The orders are – will be what they are, I can't tell you – I can't give you a different 
number at different levels. If I got no turns business, you know what my business would be, but I don't expect that. So 
as Lothar said, most of our businesses, our markets are strongest in the first quarter. He also said these are unusual 
times. However, we think we'll get some turns and that's why we said 15 to 20%. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And, Paul, turns in the December quarter were what? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: The turns I will need going into this quarter are roughly 60%. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: But how does that compare with the quarter you just exited, December? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: December was high 50s. 


<Q - John Pitzer>: Okay. And then, Paul... 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: And the quarter before was at 58 as well. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Relative to sort of your pre-tax margin guidance of 30 to 35%, can you help me understand what 
else you can do on the OpEx line versus sort of the gross margin line and how that might break out (34.08) relative to 
that new pre-tax margin guidance? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, in my opening comments I talked about all employees will be taking a three month 
shutdown at various times – a three week shutdown at various times during the quarter. I said that profit sharing at 
Linear is always variable with sales, so that will cause profit sharing to drop pretty dramatically. Then areas where 
discretionary spending can be controlled such as communications, legal, other expenditures such as that will be further 
controlled. So we think given the high variable rate of our labor compared to most of our competitors, we probably 
have more levers to push, but you should know that last quarter pre-tax profits exceeded 40% as a percent of sale and 
we're saying this quarter, if we're down in the 15 to 20% range, that number will drop into the low to mid 30 percents. 
But that's still, if you consider sales dropping from 300 million in two quarters to somewhere in the 200, 200 plus 
million range, I think that's good performance in managing expenses. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Paul, does that imply gross margins 72% plus or minus? Is that a good bogey for the March 
quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, no, gross margin this quarter I think was 75%, is that what I told you? And you're kind of 
getting me to put your model together for you here, so, let me look at my notes. Gross margin was 75.8%. I haven't 
really calculated exactly what that would be. What did you say, 72%? 

<Q - John Pitzer>: 72 plus or minus. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: I don't know, probably in around that range. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And, Paul, my last question. You guys have always been pretty comfortable walking away from 
situations where price becomes more aggressive. I'm just kind of wondering, when you look at the March quarter 
guidance, is that all market driven or is there some business that you just don't like the pricing on that you're taking a 
pass on? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: No, I would say it's all market driven. And, I mean, from time to time there's business that from a 
margin perspective doesn't look attractive to us. But the changes we're seeing right now are all market driven. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great, thanks, Lothar. I appreciate it. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: We told you only 5% of our business now is really in – in the bookings anyway – was in cell 
phone and high end consumer. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, Paul, you just mentioned the 5% number for cell phone and consumer. Could you give us 
that breakdown by end market really quickly again of the bookings? And the communications, that's 25%, does that 
still include the three sub-segments you used to give? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, as I said in the call, I mean, in my opening comments, industrial was 42%, 
communications was 25%. In the past we used to break that out into three segments: infrastructure, cell phone and 
networking. But several of the customers in the infrastructure and networking area kind of – their products have 
morphed so that it was harder to distinguish what's a networking customer from what's an infrastructure customer. So 


we've combined those two for 2009 so that communications in total was 25%, computer was 11, automotive was 8, 
consumer was 6, and the military was 8. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Got you. And handsets you said was five? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: No, handsets was actually negative for the quarter. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Okay, got you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: But that's in the communications number. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Gotcha. And then a question about the customers burning inventory. If we never really had a ton 
of inventory, especially of Linear chips with your lead times staying short, how are you confident that an inventory 
burn – and is it chips or end device inventory burn and why isn't it just demand destruction overall? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, I think what – Lothar didn't say there wasn't demand destruction. What he said was in 
response to a question of why do you think the booking rate might pick up from the depressed levels at the end of 
December and the first week of January. What he said in that vein was he said a lot of the cancellations and the lack of 
bookings at the end of last quarter was customers adjusting to their inventory level. And he thought most of that was 
behind us so we're now just in a demand response mode rather than a demand and reduce inventory mode. So that's 
what he meant, I think, in what he said in response to that question. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Okay, then the final question on my side is on the inventory side. What do you expect utilization 
to be in the March quarter versus December, and absolute dollars of inventory at the end of March, how do you think 
those will compare to end of December? Thank you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: On the inventory side, the company is working really hard and our goal is to not have inventory 
grow in the March quarter and with the actions that we've got planned for the quarter and if we achieve the sales 
guidance, it's our anticipation that inventory will stay pretty constant. 

As far as our factory utilization, it's a little bit hard to the read; I tell you that with all the shutdowns we're doing, but on 
one hand the factories were tooled up just 90 days ago for over $300 million in sales and we're proposing to do around 
200 and maybe a little bit more this quarter so they're probably 33% underutilized. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Doug Freedman [American Technology Research]. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions. If we could talk a little bit about what you're seeing 
out there in terms of ASP pricing aggressiveness and what you think that's going to look like going forward? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, ASPs I told you were $1.56 versus $1.47. I think this quarter that will probably strengthen 
a little more, again, because this is normally a quarter which has a higher concentration in industrial and 
communications infrastructure type business. 

Relative to pricing, the areas pricing is most aggressive, Doug, would be in the consumer related products area and 
potentially in the cell phone area. Those have become a pretty small part of our business and I think for most people the 
March quarter those are businesses that don't see a lot of volume. So I don't know as we're going to see a lot of price 
pressure driven by competition. 

Now, one thing we get every day is every customer talks to you and tells you – those customers that do talk to you are 
telling you their business is tough, their sales are down, their expenses are trying to be controlled, they'd like you to 
lower your prices. We remind them we're in the same situation. We have the same expense bases we have to deal with 
and we also have the same dilemma. 


So I don't think I would characterize this as a period where the thing that's worrying us the most is attrition in pricing. 
What is worrying us the most is what – is how does demand get increased or fostered out in the customer base, how 
does this global economic crisis kind of either come to an end or have people have confidence that it will end and 
therefore people return to more normal buying patterns. That's worrying us more than any price situation I would think. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. If I look at your deferred income from distribution, really nice decline there. Do you 
think that that was in line with sort of the demand that went down or do you think your distributors actually burned 
days of inventory or do you think that that number is looking sort of – can you give us some color there? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: They might have burned a few days of inventory in that particular area. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: And then the market got shaken up a little bit I think this morning on Nortel's news. You 
guys, pretty big supplier into the communications end market. Any exposure there and do you think there's any ripple 
impact from that? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: I haven't heard the Nortel news but I don't expect that is going to have a big impact on our 
business. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: And my last question, Paul, you mentioned the three weeks of shutdown. That's for the March 
quarter. How many weeks of shutdown did you have for the December quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: We had a little more than two, probably two and a half. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay. So not much different. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: But we will have – not all factories in the December quarter were shut down for that level 
worldwide, whereas all of them will be shut down at least three weeks in the March quarter. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: And actually I'm going to lie about being the last question. My last one, honest this time. The 
workforce reduction, 100 people, what's the cost reduction that that brings through in a permanent basis, on an ongoing 
basis? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, it is – some of it was in the factory level. So you have to be careful because you have the 
reduction in cost but the reduction in absorption that goes with it. So those tend to offset one another. I don't have that 
exact number. I think it's in the – like a couple of million dollar range. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right, great, and thank you, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Joanne Feeney from FTN Midwest. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Hi, good morning, folks. Just a couple of follow-ups really. First of all on the inventory side, 
you seem to be confident that inventories at your customers are now at more comfortable levels. Can you describe 
whether that's a feeling you have common to all of your end markets or do you see some end markets where inventories 
remain more of a problem than in others, first of all? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: You know, Joanne, when you said we're confident inventories, that's probably overstating our 
position. We think the inventories have been adjusted to demand, where we don't really know where demand is going. 
We told you why there's some reasons why demand in industrial and other markets should pick up from the end of 
December, but whether it gets back – we don't think it will get back to where it was in the summer quarters. 

So, what I think we're trying to tell you more is that relative to the expectations going into the beginning of last quarter, 
inventory at our customers is down based on the results of last quarter. They're still an apprehensive lot, the customers, 
they're still looking very much at hand to mouth what are their orders, what does their inventory need to be. So, 
inventory could change based on their interpretation of what the current demand will be this quarter. But I do think 


they've corrected it from going into the December quarter to more where they think they belong coming out of it. But if 
you were to ask them how confident they were that that's the right number, I don't think they'd tell you they're very 
confident. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Okay. And then this sort of underlies your outlook that turns business could improve for the 
next couple of months. Is that correct? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yeah, it's correct. But, again, all of these questions that – I have to make sure, there can be a lot 
of nuances to them. Having turns improve for the next couple of months over what they were at the end of December 
and early January is no reason to hire a hall and rent a band. I mean, it was pretty depressed the end of December and 
early January. So, us saying we think it would improve isn't saying there's going to be any seismic shifts in the market. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Right, understood. And then, if things work out the way you're currently envisioning, it sounds 
like your book to bill would rise back to the 1:1 level. Is that the right way to think about this? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yeah, I mean, you could look at it that way. I think as we look at the quarter now and you ask us 
how do we think we'd come out of it, I think that's probably fair to say we think we might come out of it with a 1:1 
book to bill ratio. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Okay. And then just finally, on the cost side is there any plan perhaps to consider trying to 
reduce profit-sharing as a – so more than linearly with sales? Have you tried to think about reconstructing the 
compensation packages or is that something where you would risk loss of employees and you don't want to go there? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, certainly any employee listening to this call has now put you on his hate list, Joanne. So if 
I were you, I'd be careful going to your car tonight. We've always – the actual essence of your question is correct. We 
generally do, particularly the bonus side of our profit-sharing and especially for the more senior people, those numbers 
tend to change more dramatically than shifts in sales. So, we have historically looked at that and we will probably also 
continue to look at that. But I should caution you that the company has done very well over the years because it's had a 
very talented workforce and a talented workforce that has many years of experience at Linear. We value those two 
things very highly. 

So in looking at meeting our financial obligations to the investing public and also making sure we have a good, healthy, 
strong company with talented, motivated people, that's always a mix we work hard at managing to optimize. Now, we 
all have to make sacrifices, so that doesn't mean just the employee continues to make money and the investors hurt, but 
on the other hand, if we get too draconian in some of these areas, it would be probably a short-term benefit and a 
long-term loss. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: It seems like at this point in time there might actually be an opportunity to add to your talent 
list. There are a lot of people on the street. Is that something you'd consider to do selectively? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, if there's extraordinary talent that comes by, we'd look at it. But just as – you're right, you 
would think it would be time to do that. While you're asking people to take three weeks off without pay during the 
quarter, while you're doing a lot of other measures, they're also watching if you're adding people, what they think is 
inappropriately at the same time. You're probably giving them mixed signals. So we might add some people, but they 
would be extraordinarily talented people if we did it. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Okay. Thanks. That's it for me. 

Operator 

Out next question comes from Chris Danely with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Hey, guys, couple of questions. I think you said that your disti inventories were flat during 
the quarter, is that in dollars or days? 


<A - Paul Coghlan>: Dollars. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: And so why do you think that constitutes low inventory given the demand destruction 
we've seen? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: I never said it was low inventory – what do you mean when we say constituted as low inventory. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: I thought you said you think inventory is low out there? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, what we said is inventory at distribution generally didn't change much in the quarter. So 
your point's well taken that if sales have gone down, that means your turns have probably gotten worse, but your 
dollars haven't. I talked about that in my opening comments about our own inventory. I said our turns – our own 
inventory went down modestly, but our turns actually dropped from 5.1 to 4.5 because sales were down. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Disti is just one channel. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yeah. I mean, you're right mathematically, but I'm not – what's your point? 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: I guess it leads me to the question of why wouldn't you guys be a little bit more aggressive 
on lowering your utilization rates and lowering your inventory given the demand destruction we've seen out there? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, we're an analog guy. We sell many, many, many parts. So as you know we have – or you 
may not know – we have over 5,000 parts, 15,000 customers. So we sell a lot of small – what is generally perceived 
when you compare it to other technology companies, a lot of small quantities to many, many customers. So we want to 
manage our inventory well. We want to be positioned well when we come out of this. And I guess more importantly, if 
you look at the total amount of inventory and the total costs it contains relative to all our other costs, it's not that big an 
item. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Well, it's as Lothar said, it's a huge task to see sales drop 40, 50%, and not have inventory 
go up. And that's what Linear accomplished last quarter, and it's going to take some careful navigation without totally 
destroying the machine to see sales drop again and not have our inventory go up. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Got it. So I guess if I compare now versus '01, '02, and, if anything, '01, '02 is going to 
look like a day at the beach compared to now – I mean, across the board when semi sales fell in '01, we didn't get back 
to the 2000 level for three years. So, why wouldn't you guys think we're going through the same type of demand 
destruction now and sort of plan for, okay, maybe a couple years from now demand gets back to normal, so we should 
take our inventory down a little more aggressively? Or are you guys thinking we're going to be back to normal demand 
in the second half of the year? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: No. Frankly, we don't have an idea, Chris. Secondly, we don't – the marginal benefit of taking 
your approach to estimating inventory levels two years from now and adjusting them to that level next quarter, we're 
not really sure what benefit that gives us. What benefit do you see it giving us? 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Well, I think if your demand is going to fall, let's call it 10, 20% and sales are going to fall 
40 or 50% and stay at roughly that level for at least the rest of this year, maybe move up a little bit, if we're looking at 
80 days of inventory right now, where you're normally call it 60 to 70 day range, I guess I just – it seems to me like it 
would be a little bit risky to maintain the same level of inventory days, if we're going to be in this bad demand 
environment for a while. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: All right, we see your point. We're telling you it takes a while to adjust to where the levels need 
to be and we're telling you what we think we're going to do this quarter. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Yeah, you have to be careful not to over-correct because who knows, maybe this thing 
will get corrected sooner than a lot of us think. So, it's sort taking it step-by-step. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Well, also analog inventory, the risk of obsolescence is relatively small, because most of our 
products have many, many year lifetime. So, having inventory and the risk of it becoming obsolete is pretty low. The 


other thing in this particular environment that having a little bit more inventory is helpful as well is that customers are 
coming to us with very, very short lead times. And so, a big chunk of our business is turns, and having the product 
available right away for our customers is a bit of a benefit as well. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Okay, thanks. That's very helpful guys. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Yes, thank you very much. First question is for Paul. Let me just clarify, did you say tax rate would 
be 28% going forward? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: With the new accounting regulations, it's difficult to predict as well as we had been able to 
predict prior to FIN 48. There is two pieces to the tax rate. Now, there is the, what we call the ongoing effective tax 
rate, which is if you have no unusual items, given your current rate of sales and given your permanent differences, what 
is your tax rate likely to be? And that number I told you was 28%. So, that's what we call our effective tax rate. 

However, each quarter since FIN 48 has come in there have been discrete quarterly items. Sometimes they relate to 
settlements made with the IRS over the past audits. In the past period, it related to the Congress reenacting the R&D 
credit. So, what we've had is, we have these unique items. I'm telling you that, next quarter our effective tax rate, the 
ongoing effective tax rate will be 28%. We may have some discrete items depending on settlements and such that may 
take place between us and the IRS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. Okay, that's clear. Just a different question for Lothar. Every recession, the industry kind 
of always tries to change be it by way of consolidation or change its practice. From your perspective, how much do you 
think the industry will respond in a way – that will probably change through this recession – but my point for you, you 
have never done much by way of consolidation in the industry. Is that something that given your relative cash – ability 
to generate cash, you'd be considering through this market? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Yeah, for us, we've never done a significant acquisition. We've done some small 
technology-related acquisitions. I think for us, when we look at acquisitions, bigger ones, we've never found one that 
we didn't like, or that we did like rather. And so, we're not highly motivated to do acquisitions. I think in this type of 
market conditions, I think the best thing we can do is get our people focused on getting more new products out and 
driving them to make products into markets that we believe are the right markets for Linear in the future. And that's I 
think, the best use of this time as an opportunity for us, not – we're not looking for any acquisitions. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Right. And then just, finally in terms of operating expenses back to Paul, I know you gave a 
guidance for what operating margins would look like: low 30s, mid 30s. Given the way you are, the layoffs you're 
going to have, and the shutdowns, are you able to tell us what the distribution will be between R&D and SG&A just to 
understand exactly how the details of the operating expense will work? And more importantly for me, going forward, 
how much – how sustainable will these OpEx reductions be? Is it something that if the industry comes back, you don't 
necessarily need, and therefore will have a much higher operating margin basis going forward? Or would you look to 
snap back as much as a recovery? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: It's several questions, let me try and do them if I remember them all. What we told you is we 
thought next quarter within the guidance we gave you that we thought the profit before tax would be in the low-to-mid 
30 range. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Got you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: We really don't want to fine-tune that by each of the line items. Someone earlier asked me about 
gross margin and I was reluctant to also pick that number. It's hard enough getting you the profit before tax number 
looking forward. With some degree of confidence you can do it without parsing that if you'll give me that indulgence. 


<Q - Uche Orji>: Fair enough. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: The second thing is when you say – like we saved $9.5 million in operating expenses last quarter 
and we'll save some more this quarter. Your question is good in that I want to strongly remind you, these things result 
from things like having shutdowns where people aren't paid for three weeks out of the quarter, certainly when things 
pick up, we expect to pay everyone for a full 13 weeks of work. And the other thing is profit-sharing is down in this 
timeframe. Certainly when things pick up and the company's profits pick up, we intend to continue then to share those 
profits with the employees. So a lot of the correction we're making now is a correction to resize our variable costs. So 
what we haven't changed is our fixed-costs. We haven't, like you alluded to more layoffs, we haven't said anything 
about any more layoffs. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: So what we've done is, we have a fixed cost-base. We're fortunate at Linear, although maybe it's 
because of how we've run it over the years, that we do have a relatively high variable cost base, which means in tough 
times, we can correct that maybe better than our competitors, but in good times those costs come back and come back 
for a good reason. 

For the fixed-costs, we haven't talked about – we had a minor reduction in workforce last period of 100 people. But we 
haven't – we've shutdown a shift in one of our plants, which reduced some fixed costs, if you will, that shift won't 
start-up again. But we really haven't closed plants or done any of the things that would be permanent savings. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Craig Hettenbach>: Yes, thank you. Paul, the workforce reduction of around 2% is smaller than a number of the 
peers. On top of just the variable structure in OpEx, anything else to read into that in terms of how the company is 
looking at this downturn in terms of ways to capitalize or invest in certain areas? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, if wanted to be a wise guy I'd tell you we had better people than our peers, and therefore 
couldn't reduce many of them. But that's just being smart here. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Probably accurate. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: But, no, I mean, I think these are tough times, Craig. So you take them a quarter at a time. And 
we looked at what – at last quarter. We did the things we thought we needed to do. We have to see how this quarter 
plays out. We have to be responsible in our costs in the long-term. But we can't make every one of those decisions now, 
because we have to see how it plays out. So, I think we, as I said in response to the earlier caller, we're fortunate that a 
lot of our costs, particularly in the labor area are more variable than most companies. And therefore we can adjust those 
a little quicker in times like this. 

<Q - Craig Hettenbach>: Okay. Thank you. And if I could follow-up, Lothar, any update on design activity for power 
modules, and just how you're thinking about that opportunity over the long-term? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: And for us, you're specifically ask about our module business. And for us, modules are now not 
just power. So we introduce new module products every quarter, and the module product line has expanded into signal 
chain modules as well. So, we remain optimistic on that market. We've got, I don't know, probably 20 module products 
out there presently. They are all selling. And quite frankly the sales of those products have been growing pretty steadily 
every quarter. 

<Q - Craig Hettenbach>: Okay. Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Romit Shah from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to a point that Chris had brought 
up. If you look at 2001, Linear took a larger than normal inventory write-down. And I don't think during that period 
inventories got above 70 days. Today, it looks like they are going to be approaching 85 to 90 days. So, and it seems like 
you're still comfortable with the inventory levels. But I guess my question is, at what point would you consider taking 
more aggressive actions with the inventory? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Well, remember that in 2001, a lot of the problem was concentrated in one particular subset of 
technology, which was the infrastructure build out. So, just so everyone remembers what the times were like at Linear 
then. So, what we had going into that was we had four or five very large customers, each of whom told us they had 
50% market share and they ordered accordingly which required us to build a lot of inventory. At that time, we required 
those customers to give us a guarantee of so many days that they wouldn't cancel within. And that's why, we didn't 
have adverse results for a quarter later than other folks. 

So, what you had back then was a real concentration in a certain number of customers, an inventory buildup that we 
had been worried about that we had to deal with and it was easier to deal with immediately once the downturn took 
place. What you have now is you have a worldwide global credit crisis so that this problem isn't concentrated in any 
few subsets of customers, any few subsets of end markets or any few geographic areas. It's all over the place. And our 
inventory is distributed widely because of the 5,000 customers. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: It's not an out of control number. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Yeah, you're sort of implying that it's – I don't know, you guys run through your models and just 
see, if we do what you want us to do, what's the big difference in the P&L to you? I mean what is the big resulting 
change? 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Well, I guess it's the change in staff... 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Our inventory turns are still very competitive and to jump the gun in basically cutting 
some muscle before there is a reason to really do that, it seems like that would be kind of reckless. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Well, I guess the biggest thing is, it's a changing stance from how you guys have managed 
inventories over the last 5 to 10 years. And I guess, relative to like a Maxim or ADI, no, it's not that high, but relative to 
where it's been from 2000 onwards, it's a pretty big jump, and we're just trying to figure out why the change in 
mindset? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, if you go back to 2001, we had one fab, if you go now, we have two fabs, if you go back 
then, we did a lot more of our work was done at subcontractors. Now, almost 85% of our work is done in house. I mean 
the company has grown and changed. It's different. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: But, again I think it was – it took a real good management action in order to see our sales 
drop 60 million, not destroy the machine, but turn it down enough so inventory didn't grow. And now, there is going to 
be a need for another correction, keep the machine intact, keep the team intact, and still not let inventory grow. That 
required some pretty good management. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. 


<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Thanks. Paul, I understand your comments that December, January are highly depressed levels, 
but what data points can you point to to suggest that business is going to come back in February and March beyond 
typical seasonality? And maybe, I can ask it a different way. Do you have a forecast, and just no orders or are you still 
waiting for the forecast? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, I mean – you mean from my customers? 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Do you have forecasts from your customers and just no orders? Or are you still waiting for the 
forecast? Or orders? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, the customer – I depend more on his orders than I do his forecast. The forecast from – the 
sales folks give me forecasts, and I roll those up. No, we're still, we told you we're waiting for these orders to come. We 
told you that this is normally the time of year when those markets are strongest. They don't need to be strong by any 
means for us to have a little better turns in February and March we told you compared to the very beginning of January 
and the end of December. So, we don't have the orders in house, because if we did, the turns number that I gave you 
would be lower. So, but we've been like that every quarter that we've been doing this job. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: I guess what I am asking is, we know the orders aren't on the books, I was just curious if you 
have forecasts and they just haven't been placing to those forecast? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: No. I mean we have the same kind of level of communication with customers. It's not like we 
have any big forecasts. Remember now – I guess I'm stumbling with your question, because the areas that that's most 
prominent are in industrial, particularly industrial has got thousands of customers. And so I don't – it's all relatively 
small customers with many, many customers. So, I don't have forecasts, but I didn't have forecasts this time a year ago 
on that same customer base either for what they booked in the quarter. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay, fair point. And then on OpEx, I'm just trying to reconcile, you saw the big decrease in Q4, 
largely plant shutdowns, it seems like you're doing the same thing in Q1. How does the restructuring fit in? How much 
did you see of benefit in Q4 and then and when did you see the rest of it in Q1? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yeah, I didn't have that number right in front of me. A prior questioner asked that. I thought the 
total of the benefit, it was only roughly 100 people. And some other things might be 1 million or 2 million bucks in the 
quarter. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. And did you see any of that in Q4 hit? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: A little bit, because it took place at the very beginning of December, the end of November. So 
there was some of it. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Thanks, Paul. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hi, guys, thanks for taking the question. I'm sorry if this has already been asked. I'm going to try 
to ask it a different way. If you ignore the shutdowns of the fabs and you account for the employees that you laid-off, 
what's kind of the ongoing normal op – quarterly operating expense level we should be thinking about for when 
business does recover a little bit later in the year? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yeah, that's a question I hadn't thought of. If you go back to Q1, where we had roughly add that 

9.5 million bucks that we told we reduced operating expenses. Add that back in, you'd get roughly 88 million in 
operating expenses. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: So, the 9.5 is the result of the temporary fab shutdowns? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: If you limit it to Fab, the 9 – fab actually is a cost of goods sold item. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Right. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Not an R&D or SG&A item. So, there's no fab in the operating expenses that you just asked me 
about. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: So, it's related to the head count – the non-paid time off for employees? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Non-paid time off, lower profit sharing, little less communications expenditures, little less legal 
expenditures, just tightening the belt on supplies and lots of other things. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: And how much unpaid time off was there in Q4? And how much will there be in Q1 again? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Probably around two-and-a-half weeks in the December quarter, and maybe moving up to three 
weeks, and it will be three weeks in the March quarter. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: And so, the 100 people that were laid off, that savings starts to roll in in March? Did it happen at 
the end of the December quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: The person just before you asked that question. One month of it was in the December quarter. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Great, thanks. Just a little bit on – with the lower CapEx. What sort of stuff are you keeping in 
terms of your investments, and what stuff are you backing off of a little bit? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, for capital equipment purchases, right now, we're purchasing really no capital equipment 
for manufacturing, because we're tooled up for bigger sales numbers. The majority of the capital spending that we're 
going to incur this year really relate to two big capital projects. One of them – and are not related to capacity. One is for 
clean room space and some new tools to implement a new process technology in one of our wafer fabs. That's a big 
chunk of it. And the other chunk is, we have a building under construction here in Milpitas for a new design center, and 
we're going to not completely finish the building, but we have to at least complete it to the point where the outside shell 
is completed, and then we're going to put that on hold. So really that's the majority of our capital spending. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay. And just one other question. You mentioned obviously you've seen things weaker, 
probably because of the financial environment or the demand destruction, can you give some sense of how you think, 
how significant your customers' inability to get loans is relative to overall demand or are they so closely tied it's kind of 
difficult to tell those apart? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, we have from time-to-time had some examples where our customers told us point blank 
when we met with the customer that one of the real problems he's having is he's having a finance problem, that he's – 
financing that he was able to get in the past, he can't get now. He's a strong company and he's doing as well as – he's 
doing well. So that's certainly real. There is no doubt that that's a real issue. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Is it more on the disti side OEM or both? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Actually, I haven't seen it as much on the disti side as I expected I would. That's a good question, 
because a quarter ago, I thought what would happen is a lot of distis work on thin margins and they carry a lot of 
inventory and high receivables, and if their banks tighten on them, they'd be in big trouble. I really haven't seen that in 
the distribution market so far. And I hope I continue to be wrong. 


But we have seen in the OEM area where customers have said look, for me to grow my business or plan my business, 
I'm somewhat cyclical in the course of the year and need to be in and out of a bank from time to time and now I'm 
worried that when I want to go into the bank even though it's for good reason and I would have gotten it in a blink a 
year ago, I might not get it now. So, therefore I'm cutting back my business. I'm laying off a few people and I'm just 
going to try to batten down the hatches they say during this storm and try to weather it out. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: But that response where they're saying – those guys that are saying that, is that like 10% of your 
customers are the guys that are telling you that or something like that? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: We didn't ask 100% of our customers this question. We're just giving you anecdotal data to try to 
support the question you asked. So, we did not conduct a survey of 100% of our customers on the credit issue. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay, cool. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Wu with Global Crown Capital. 

<Q - David Wu>: Well, good morning guys. Start off with congratulations. You guys ought to apply for a Nobel Prize 
on accurate forecasting for the December quarter. I think of all the companies that have reported either in the chip 
business you probably were the best in not missing your numbers at least. 

Maybe I'll start off asking you what – the last quarter when you gave the guidance you gave fairly wide range of minus 
10 to 20. This quarter you narrow it down to only minus 15 to 20. What accounts for the narrower range? Should we 
have more confidence in your ability to forecast this quarter relative to the last quarter? And if your comments about 
your customers' inventory are correct, the bulk of that is behind you, should we be seeing a less bad June relative to 
March in terms of the decline or the rate of decline or maybe even better than that? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, first I'll thank you for the kind comment you made at the start. We'd rather win that Nobel 
Prize for more accurately predicting business picking up than going down, but thank you for your kind comment. 

But, it relates sort of, David, to the second part of your question. Last quarter when we gave the guidance of 10 to 20 
down, we were facing an investment community that by and large thought the numbers were only going to change 3% 
so that we were – things have changed what we thought relatively quickly. We thought this credit crisis was going to 
have a much bigger impact than your community at least externally was publishing. 

So, in giving the guidance from 10 to 20, we told you our sales force was at the 10 range, although telling us they 
weren't all that confident in that number. But that's what their customers were telling them. So I think last time, things 
had – things were in a sense of change. I think now, most of your community, most everybody realizes things are going 
to be pretty bad. So, I think that the narrowing of the range has got more to do with that than us telling you we're that 
much more confident of the number within the range we gave you. 

<Q - David Wu>: If the logic holds that your customers' inventory – or the cancellation has peaked and your 
customers' inventory at least is in decent shape going to this quarter, should we be seeing a – the rate of change this or 
the rate of decline decelerating as we go into after this quarter is over? And I want just one clarification, when you say, 
you're shutting down for three weeks, I assume that includes everybody from engineering to SG&A to manufacturing, 
this quarter versus 2.5 weeks last quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yes, you're correct in that assumption. Everybody, when we talk shutdowns, they encompass 
everybody, internationally as well as domestically. 

<Q - David Wu>: Oh I see. Okay. But is there any logic to the idea that if inventory is going down among your 
customers, that the rate of decline moving beyond the March quarter should be slowing? 


<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Your conclusion would be right, except one thing that we don't know. Is demand going to 
fall even further? If demand is stable, then your conclusion could be right, there could be upside. But, I don't think 
anybody knows for sure if we've seen the bottom of real demand. 

<Q - David Wu>: I see. In terms of the – just one last question on gross margin line. If we have, let's say in the June 
quarter, we still have shutdowns, and revenue decline of some magnitude, would the gross – would the utilization rate 
still be under pressure and therefore lower gross margin sequentially from the March quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yes. If you look at this particular quarter, we lost, we thought on an ongoing basis about 1.5 
percentage points of the gross margin line. 

<Q - David Wu>: Um-hm. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: So, I think one of the earlier callers predicted we'd drop that another three, I don't know if that's 
right or not. But, that might be too aggressive, but certainly each quarter that you cut back your sales number, you are 
absorbing your fixed cost off over a smaller base and your gross margin would deteriorate, but I think you've seen for 
us over the years that number doesn't change very dramatically, because our fixed-costs, we don't have the plant costs a 
guy like Intel has or a memory guy has. So that even though we have fabs and they're very complicated facilities, 
they're not as expensive. So, that you look at our depreciation is a little more than 10 million, 10.5 million. So that's – 
on a sales base that's not a big number, now if the sales number keeps getting smaller, it becomes a bigger number, a 
bigger percentage. 

<Q - David Wu>: All right. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: I think you're right. I think your point is right. If things keep getting worse, gross margin will 
continue to deteriorate, but it doesn't deteriorate as pronounced here as it does in companies with more infrastructure. 

<Q - David Wu>: Well, there is one company near you guys where Bob Swanson came from, when they drop the 
utilization rate, the – beyond a certain level, it apparently – you get a very big drop through in the gross margin. Is there 
something different between their way of operating their factory back East and the way you run your two factories 
here? 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Well, it's been a long time since I've been there. But remember they for long time were 
more than an analog company. So they probably have an infrastructure, plant and equipment that is a higher percentage 
of sales than our number is. 

<Q - David Wu>: Oh I see. Okay, thank you. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: I don't know for sure, I'm just guessing. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yeah, because when their utilization rate drops to a certain level, all of a sudden the gross margin 
really took a dive. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Yeah. Well, I mean, we do have a unique model where as Paul has been saying all 
morning, and we've been saying for years, we have a bigger percentage of our costs that are variable, things that we can 
adjust. But, they don't go to zero. We do have fixed-costs. They're just a lower percentage of our sales than most of our 
competitors. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Welcome. Thanks for your nice comments at the beginning. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America and Merrill Lynch. 


<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Yes, hi guys. Just a quick question on the cost savings associated with the 100 person head 


count reduction, Paul. I don't know if I missed it, but did you explicitly quantify...? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: I didn't have that number Sumit at my fingertips. I guessed that here it was in 1 million to 2 
million range. So... 


<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. So that's sort of a cost saving <
A - Paul Coghlan>: I don't really have that number here with me. 
<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: But that's the rough permanent savings we should expect from that action? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: On a quarterly basis, that's my estimate, but I may have to amend that next time we're on a call. I 


don't have... 
<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: And is it split equally across R&D, SG&A and COGS, or is there one particular bucket...? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, it's not a big number in and of itself. So... 
<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: You know, if I told with accuracy how it's split, you'd say, well why don't you know the numbers 


then. 
<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: So, I don't know the number and I don't know the split. 
<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. Fair enough. Okay, that's all I have. Thank you very much. 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: Okay. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Davies with Waterstone Capital. 

<Q>: Thanks. Just a couple of questions on the balance sheet. Curious what the minimum cash balance you're 
comfortable operating with? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well, I mean, we haven't calculated that number to be honest with you, because we're not 

nowhere near that at the moment. We have 900 million. We feel comfortable enough to spend 200 million to buy back 
some of the debt. But, I don't know as we want to go very much lower than where are to be quite honest with you. 
We're pretty comfortable in this range. 

<Q>: How much of the cash is here in the U.S. versus perhaps to trapped somewhere else, foreign? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: Most of it's in the United States. I don't have the exact background. 
<Q>: And I apologize, did you give CapEx guidance for the full year? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yes, 43 million. 
<Q>: 43? Okay. And so, I guess, based on your previous response there, your appetite to continue buying back the 


converts diminished here based on the cash level? And I guess in that question too, curious if you can maybe talk about 


your thought process of buying the 3 1/8 versus the 3%, which are trading at a larger discount? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: Well the reason we concentrated on the 3 1/8 is that was the shorter term of the two obligations. 
So the 3 1/8 is due within two years. 


<Q>: Okay. 



<A - Paul Coghlan>: So, given that these times where you have a worldwide recession, people generally believe – and 
I would subscribe to this, that cash is king. When you have debt that's due within two years using some of your cash to 
pay down or retire that debt, if you can get a discount, we thought was a good move. 

Relative to the longer-term bond, that's not due for five years. So, we'd probably be a little bit more cautious in 
employing our cash in these present times to buy that. But, we would consider it, and we could consider buying a little 
more of the short-term, but I don't think we'll do a lot in either of the next quarters. 

<Q>: Right, I guess, if I take revenue down 20% from this past quarter and use your pre-tax margin guidance, I'm 
backing into cash for working capital changes and back out kind of the quarterly CapEx and dividend number, you're 
still going to have somewhere around 15 million free cash flow per quarter. So I mean, would you continue to buy back 
your bonds or what other use would you...? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: My guess is – we might buy a little bit of the bond and we might not. We don't want to commit 
to that. But, other than that, I don't think we'd use the cash for anything else. 

<Q>: Okay. I appreciate it. 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: Okay. You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Paul McWilliams with Indie Research. 

<Q - Paul McWilliams>: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Do you have a sense of the inventory levels in the 
forward supply channel today versus the peak in 2001? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: No. 2001 was just different, it was – the downturn was concentrated in infrastructure companies 
which had bough more and planned much more build out than actually took place. And it was concentrated in those 
areas. Now, you've got a broad base across end markets, end geographies, credit crisis driven recession. I don't see 
them as very comparable. 

<Q - Paul McWilliams>: Okay. What I was looking for was, any sense of days of inventory in that forward channel 
that you might have on a comparison? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: No, all we know is everyone is pretty tight with their inventory. We don't do calculations like 
that. We don't have them. 

<Q - Paul McWilliams>: Okay. I ran some numbers, and I'll share them just very quickly as I was listening to your 
conference call. In the EMS sector, inventory peaked in '01 at 73 days. I show it as under 50 days today. Disti 78 days 
in '01, I show it as under 45 days at the end of Q3 and OEM 83 days versus 50 days at the end of Q3. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Yeah, I mean that's believable. Inventory, we think today without knowing for sure, it 
seems like it's much better under control today than it was in the 2001 timeframe. 

<Q - Paul McWilliams>: My data supports that contention. One more question, I didn't catch the number, but I think 
you mentioned that your shipments into distributors were less than their shipments out in your prepared comments? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: That's right. 

<Q - Paul McWilliams>: What was the number there? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: On U.S. distribution, I shipped 6 million less to U.S. distribution, than it shipped to its end 
customers. 


<Q - Paul McWilliams>: Okay. So, in total your inventory at distributors is less today than it was at the end of the last 
quarter? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yes. 
<Q - Paul McWilliams>: Okay. Thank you very much for your time. 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: You're welcome. Thank you for your question. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Wayne Jervis with Jamco 
<Q>: Hi, I wanted to ask you two questions. Did you cover the linearity in the quarter? I had a little trouble getting on 
the call earlier. In the December, January timeframe it seems that you're indicating that was less than October, 


November and that your guidance suggests that the February and March should be linearity should become more 
back-ended as orders start to pick up, is that the correct interpretation of what you've said? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: Yes. 
<Q>: And then secondly, it seems that you were implying that there is a limit to the amount of shutdowns that you can 


do without damaging equipment? Is that correct that there is a limit of around three weeks of shutdowns you can do 


safely without causing damage to your equipment? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: No, no, no. There is no concern about the equipment itself. I think the – really the answer was 
just the efficiency of running the organization. It has nothing to do with that there is any deterioration in the equipment. 


<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Yeah, I was talking about the organization as the proverbial machine. 
<Q>: Oh, the organization, not actual physical equipment? 
<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Not actual equipment, yes. 
<Q>: Okay. So you could go and shutdown for four weeks if you decided or more, but you just find that three weeks is 


the correct number based on your assumptions of how the recovery might play out? 
<A - Paul Coghlan>: That's our best guess. We can do more or less depending on how business evolves. 
<Q>: And in other words, I don't want to flog a dead horse here, but on the inventory issues and it seems like a lot of 


analysts are concerned about the inventory being about 15 or 20 days higher than normal. That is – I guess you're not 
lowering your utilization rate for any equipment or factory – you're not – there is no limit there. You could bring it 
down more. So the inventory could be reduced if you felt that your – the market wasn't recovering as you desire, or as 
you anticipated? 

<A - Paul Coghlan>: That's correct. 
<Q>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

With no further questions, I'll turn the conference back over to today's presenters. 

Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Okay, thank you very much for your attention. Thank you for your questions. We wish you all a good day. Bye-bye. 


Operator 

This concludes today's Linear Technology Corporation conference call. Thank you for joining us and have a wonderful 
day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


