Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
• Peter Coghlan 
• Lothar Maier 
• Lother Maier 
Other Participants 

• James Covello 
• John Pitzer 
• Tore Svanberg 
• Doug Freedman 
• Romit Shah 
• Steven Smigie 
• Venkatesh Nathamuni 
• Blayne Curtis 
• David Wu 
• Ross Seymore 
• Uche Orji 
• Joanne Feeney 
• Craig Ellis 
• Terence Whalen 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Linear Technology Corporation Fiscal 2010 First Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Coghlan, Chief 
Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Hello. Good morning. Welcome to the Linear Technology conference call. I will be assisted today by Bob Swanson, 
our Executive Chairman, and Lothar Maier, our CEO. This conference call today we are conducting from Munich, 
Germany, where we had our annual outside of California Board of Directors meeting here in Munich to visit our 
European sales headquarters and our German design center. So it's the evening here and the morning where you folks 
are, so good morning from good evening. 

I will give you a brief overview of our recently completed first quarter and fiscal 2010, and then address the current 
business climate. We will then open up the conference call to questions to be directed at Bob, Lothar, or myself. I trust 
you all have seen copies of our press release, which was published last night. 


First, however, I would like to remind you that except for historical information, the matters that we will be describing 
this morning will be forward-looking statements that are dependent on certain risks and uncertainties, including such 
factors among other as new orders received and shipped during the quarter, timely introduction of new processes and 
products, and general conditions in the world economy and financial markets. 

In addition to these risks, which we described in our press release issued yesterday, we refer you to the risk factors 
listed in the Company's Form 10-Q for the year ended June 28, 2009, particularly management discussion and analysis 
of financial condition and results of operations. 

Secondly, SEC Regulation FD regarding selective disclosure influences our interaction with investors. We have opened 
up this conference call to enable all interested investors to listen in. The press release and this conference call will be 
our form to respond to questions regarding our estimated financial performance going forward. Consequently, should 
you have any questions regarding our estimates of sales and profits or other financial matters for the upcoming quarter, 
as well as how they might impact our income statement model and our balance sheet, this is the time we are free to 
respond to these questions. 

As you can tell from our press release, this was a strong quarter for Linear. Sales increased 14% sequentially from the 
previous quarter, therefore beating the top end of our guidance of two to 5% growth. Business strengthened as the 
quarter progressed as bookings improved each month from the previous month. This strength was broad-based as 
business in each of our end markets, except cell phone, improved, in particular in the automotive and industrial end 
markets. 

Geographically sales also grew in each major area, USA, Europe, Japan, and the rest of Asia. Bookings, similar to 
sales, were also strong and we had a positive book-to-bill ratio for the quarter. This improvement in sales positively 
impacted profitability as operating margin improved by 26%. Operating income is now 42% of sales, up from 38% last 
quarter. 

The Company's income statement was impacted by two recent accounting pronouncements. One related to the 
Company's convertible senior notes and required that issuers of debt instruments such as the Company's convertible 
senior notes must separately account for the liability and equity components in a manner that reflects the entity's 
non-convertible debt borrowing rate. Accordingly, the Company recorded a charge of 7.2 million for the amortization 
of debt discount. This reduced diluted earnings per share by $0.02 per share. This charge is a non-cash interest expense 
that will never be paid by the Company. 

The other recent accounting pronouncement required the Company to increase diluted shares used in the diluted 
earnings per share calculation by approximately 4.4 million shares to include non-vested restricted stock grants that 
receive a dividend. This reduced diluted earnings per share by $0.005. Both of these accounting adjustments were made 
retrospectively and therefore all prior quarters have been adjusted accordingly. 

Pre-tax income grew 29% and net income grew 18% after being impacted by an increase in the tax rate from 21% last 
quarter to 28% this quarter, as the current quarter, unlike the previous quarter, had no discrete tax items. 

The Company is continuing to control its variable costs where appropriate during this recession. However, although 
there were generally the same amounts of factory shutdowns, there was one less week of shutdown in the R&D and 
SG&A area. We continue to appreciate the sacrifices our employees make as we grow out of this global recession. 

Below the operating line, the Company purchased and retired a nominal amount of its 3.125% convertible senior notes 
callable in November 2010, which resulted in no significant gain or loss net of deferred issuance cost. 

In summary, the effect of the items I just listed on the published quarterly results was that revenue of $236.1 million for 
the first quarter of fiscal year 2010 increased 14% compared to the previous quarter's revenue of $208 million and 
decreased 24% or $74.2 million from the 310.4 million reported in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. 

Diluted earnings per share of $0.27 improved $0.04 from the adjusted earnings per share of the previous quarter. 
Earnings per share decreased $0.18 per share from the adjusted first quarter of fiscal 2009. 


Net income of 60.7 million increased 9.3 million or 18% from the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009 and decreased 41.6 
million or 41% from the first quarter of fiscal 2009, which in addition to the higher revenue had a lower tax rate. 

During the September quarter, the company's cash and short-term investments balance increased by 40.8 million to 
$909.5 million. The company announced continuing payment of its quarterly dividend of $0.22 per share. This 
dividend will be paid on November 25 to stockholders of record on November 13. 

Looking ahead to the December quarter, notwithstanding the high rate of growth we achieved during the first quarter, 
we still remain somewhat cautious looking ahead to the December quarter. The financial effects of the global recession 
are certainly not over and continue to impact many of our customers. 

Customer orders continue to call for short lead times and turns business or bookings that are recorded and shipped 
during the quarter remains at a high level. While there are some concerns that recent improvements in the overall 
marketplace are at least partially attributable to a replenishment of inventory stock, we continue to experience bookings 
improvement. Therefore based on the strength of our positive book-to-bill ratio and the recovery we appear to be 
witnessing in our automotive and industrial end markets, we are forecasting revenue growth for our second fiscal 
quarter in the range of 2% to 5% over our first quarter. 

The company will continue to maintain some controls over variable spending and we expect to maintain operating 
margins of over 40% as a percentage of sales. As managers, we can control spending and deploy our talent to best 
position Linear for growth and profitability as the markets return. 

Our receivables have grown by 17.8 million in concert with the increase in sales and are a respectable 44 days of sales, 
up from 42 days of sales last quarter and down from 48 days a year ago. 

Inventory on our balance sheet was reduced this quarter by $3.2 million to accommodate the increase in ales. Our 
return on assets was 17%, up from 15% last quarter. Our current ratio was 7.7 to 1, down from 8.7 to 1 last quarter and 
up from 6.4 to 1 in the prior year's quarter. 

Our ending on hand inventory and distribution was down from last quarter. Lead times remain short in the two to four 
week range and we were able to respond quickly to the significant increase in demand this quarter. 

We are aware that some of our competitors lead times are extending, but during this downturn, we have maintained all 
of our manufacturing capacity and do not anticipate any increase in lead times. 

From a strategic standpoint, we believe industrial, communications infrastructure, and automotive will be attractive 
markets driven by the advances in communications capabilities, industrial innovation, and the need for energy and fuel 
efficiencies. 

Now I would like to address the quarter's results on a line-by-line basis. Beginning with bookings, bookings improved 
significantly this quarter over last quarter. Cancellations, similar to last quarter were relatively minor. 

Bookings increased in each end market except cell phones. Bookings were particularly strong in automotive and 
industrial. Geographically, bookings increased in each major area, the USA, both OEM and disty [ph], and in Europe, 
Japan, and Asia. 

At this time every quarter, we give you a breakdown of our bookings percentages by end markets to give you insight 
into those markets that drive our business. Industrial and communications continue to be our largest areas. 

Industrial was 33% of our bookings, up from 32% last quarter. Our industrial business is very broad-based and showed 
strength in USA distribution and in Europe. The communications area has been moving around for us. As for the five 
most recent quarters, it has gone from 29% to 25% to 34% to 29%, and this quarter to the current percent of 24%. 

The decrease in this first quarter was due to a decrease in cell phone business, which decreased from 7% last quarter to 
2% this quarter as we saw reductions in most of our major customers in this area. 


Infrastructure in networking, on the other hand, remained at 22% of our business, while increasing in absolute dollars 
from quarter-to-quarter. Computer at 12% was similar to last quarter while increasing in absolute dollars. 

Automotive increased significantly, growing from 9% to 13% of our business. Japan and Europe, where we have the 
most opportunities, were particularly strong. Government stimulus programs, Cash for Clunkers helped, as did both the 
expansion of Linear parts into new car models and also new programs for new parts especially in the hybrid and 
electronic vehicle area. Automotive is an area that we've been focusing on given the increasing electronic content in 
automobiles. We've introduced a part for battery monitoring in hybrid and electric vehicles that has received early 
acclaim. Also we continue to distinguish Linear as a high quality supplier in important national automotive 
manufacturers. The consumer end market at 10% was similar to last quarter while increasing in absolute dollars. 
Finally, the military, space and harsh environment products at 8% also was similar to last quarter, while also increasing 
in absolute dollars. 

In summary, we have been transitioning over the last several years into more traditional analog businesses and less into 
consumer related markets. Whereas 20% of our business was in cell phone and high end consumer related markets in 
2005, 16% in 2008. This percentage was 14% in 2009 and 12% for the recently completed quarter of fiscal 2010. Note 
that 54% of our bookings were created internationally, similar to last quarter. 

Moving from bookings to sales, net sales increased 14% from the prior quarter and decreased 24% from the similar 
quarter in the prior year. Sales grew in each major geographic area, US OEM and distribution, Europe, Japan, and the 
rest of Asia Pacific. In summary, the USA was 29% of sales versus 30% last quarter, but up in absolute dollars. Europe 
at 16% was similar to last quarter, also up in absolute dollars. Japan was 15% versus 13% last quarter and Asia Pacific 
was 40% versus 41% last quarter, again up in absolute dollars. 

Gross margin, gross margin at 74.8% increased 0.5 percentage point from last quarter's 74.3%. This increase was due 
largely to better factory efficiencies due to absorbing fixed costs over a higher sales base and also due to a slightly 
improving average selling price from $1.44 to $1.49. These increases were partially offset by a slight change in product 
mix and by higher profit sharing. Part of the change in mix was due to increased module business, which although 
having a lower gross margin contributes to higher operating margins due to its lower R&D content. 

Moving to the R&D side of the income statement, R&D at $45.3 million increased $874,000 from the 44.5 million 
reported last quarter, but decreased as a percentage of sales to 19.2% from 21.4% due to the higher sales volume. 
Increase in profit sharing were partly offset by decreases in masks and other R&D related costs. Also within labor, we 
had fewer shut down days but this increase in labor costs was largely offset by reductions in base pays in effect for the 
whole quarter. 

SG&A, selling, general, and administrative expense increased by $3 million but again decreased as a percent of sales to 
13.4% from 13.8%. Labor costs for profit sharing, sales commissions, and fewer shut downs largely accounted for the 
dollar increase. Operating income, as a result of all of the above, operating income increased by $20.5 million. 
Therefore, operating income as a percent of sales increased from 38% last quarter to 42.2% this quarter. This is strong 
profitability in this recessionary period and clearly puts us ahead of our peers in this financial performance 
measurement. Interest expense at 12 million was down 200,000 from last quarter due to the elimination of interest 
expense relative to the retired portion of convertible debt. 

As I mentioned earlier, due to the adaptation of new accounting regulations, the company incurred additional interest 
expense in the form of amortization of debt discount of $7.2 million, and disclosed this in a separate line in its income 
statement. 

Moving to interest income, interest income of 3.9 million decreased by 614,000 due primarily to a lower effective 
interest rate of 1.71% this quarter compared to 1.95% last quarter. Since the government has responded to the economic 
crisis by maintaining lower interest rates, net interest income will probably be reduced by another $500,000 next 
quarter. The company's pre-tax profits as a percent of sales improved from 31.4% as adjusted for last quarter to 35.7% 
this quarter. Our tax rate was 28% this quarter versus the adjusted 21% last quarter as we had no discrete tax items this 
quarter whereas last quarter's rate was positively impacted by discrete tax items related to state tax issues and the 


annual fourth-quarter true up to our final effective tax rate. 

The major tax savings item that will support our effective tax rate going forward are the benefits from our tax holidays 
overseas, our tax-exempt interest, our domestic manufacturing tax benefits , and temporarily the R&D credit. 

The resulting net income of 60.7 million is an increase of 9.3 million from the adjusted previous quarter. And 
significantly increased sales were only partially offset by modestly higher operating expenses and by a higher tax rate. 
The resulting return on sales was 25.7% versus 24.7% for the last quarter. 

The beginning average shares outstanding used in the calculation of earnings per share increased by 4.405 million 
shares due to the new accounting pronouncement that requires that non-vested restricted stock that receives a dividend 
must be included in the diluted earnings per share calculation. In addition, shares outstanding increased during the 
quarter by 1.016 million shares, primary resulting from stock option exercises and also unexercised vested shares which 
came into the money during the quarter. 

The resulting earnings per share was $0.27, an increase of $0.04 from the adjusted earnings per share of $0.23 reported 
in the prior quarter and down $0.18 from the adjusted $0.45 reported in the first quarter last year when sales were $74 
million higher. On a pro forma basis without the impact of both stock-based compensation and non-cash interest 
expense, earnings per share would have been $0.34 per share, an increase of $0.03 from the prior quarter. 

Moving to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments increased by 40.8 million. During the quarter, the 
Company spent 9.8 million to retire a portion of its convertible debt, 108 million was provided by operations, 50 
million was paid in cash dividends, and 3.4 million was used to purchase fixed assets. 

For the 94th consecutive quarter, the Company had positive cash flow from operations. Our cash and short-term 
investment balance is now 909.5 million and represents 62% of total assets, accounts receivable of 113.2 million 
increased by 17.8 million from last quarter as sales increased by 28.1 million in this quarter. 

Our day sales and accounts receivable were 44 days, up from 42 days last quarter. Inventory at 49.3 million decreased 

3.2 million from last quarter. As we told you last quarter, most of our inventory is concentrated at the die bank stage in 
WIP. From here, it can relatively quickly be packaged and tested to meet individual customer requests as we did this 
quarter to meet increasing customer demand. 
Our inventory turns was 4.7 times, compared to 4.0 times last quarter. Lead times are short and we have many different 
products, so having adequate inventory is important in this environment to maximize customer response time. 

Deferred taxes and other current assets decreased by 2.1 million from the June quarter, primarily due to lower interest 
income receivable and due to a decrease in our current deferred taxes. Our property, plant and equipment decreased by 

6.8 million. We had additions of 3.358 million and we had depreciation of 10.161 million. 
Most of the additions were for the initial construction costs for our new R&D building in Milpitas and for assembly 
equipment in our Penang Malaysia factory. For fiscal 2010, we continue to expect to have capital additions of 10 to 15 
million and depreciation of 40 million. Other non-current assets totaling 72.3 million decreased modestly by 1.6 
million. 

Moving to the liabilities side of the balance sheet, accounts payable decreased modestly by 1.311 million. Accrued 
income taxes, payroll, and other accrued liabilities increased significantly by 26.3 million. The largest items here were 
our profit-sharing accrual, income taxes payable, and accrued interest payable on our convertible debt. 

Our interest payable accrual increased as we had no required payout this quarter. The profit-sharing accrual on the 
other hand decreased as we had a semiannual payment in July. The largest change was an increase in our income tax 
accrual as we had no required federal tax payments this quarter. 

Deferred income on shipments to distribution was down 1.2 million this quarter as our shipments to U.S. distributors 
were less than what they shipped out to their end customers. Our accounting on shipments to U.S. distribution is 
conservative. We do not record a sale nor income in our results of operations until the distributor ships the product out 


to its end customer. We continue to closely control our inventory distribution to properly position the inventory without 
any unneeded buildup. 

Convertible senior notes were reduced by 2.3 million as the Company purchased and retired a nominal amount of the 

3.125 note this quarter. As discussed earlier, the beginning balance in this account was adjusted to reflect the new 
accounting pronouncement. 
Deferred taxes and other long-term liabilities decreased by $897,000 due to several tax-related items. Changes in the 
stockholder equity accounts were primarily the result of the usual quarterly transactions for net income, dividends paid, 
and employee stock activity. 

The Company announced that it will again pay a quarterly dividend of $0.22 per share. The Company believes that 
paying a dividend is an important way to return value to its stockholders. The Company began paying a dividend in 
1992 and has increased it every year since, and currently now pays approximately a 3% dividend – a 3% yield. 

Looking forward, I would like to close out our introductory comments by revisiting our guidance. Our guidance is 
based on inputs from our worldwide sales force and inputs from our production control personnel who monitor 
bookings, cancellations, push-outs, pull-ins, and customer lead time requests. In addition to these inputs, we talk with 
distribution personnel and we analyze individual customer feedback. 

Forecasting is presently more complicated because there are conflicting opinions on the global economy. Clearly 
demand for semiconductors has picked up and the September quarter was generally strong across the board. However, 
there are concerns that this strength could have been more inventory replenishment than true end demand. 

Economic factors that would support this position are that credit is still challenging especially for small to 
medium-sized companies; unemployment continues to be high and this tends to dampen consumer enthusiasm; and 
some companies have had capacity problems and have stretched out their lead times, thereby causing early ordering. 
Arguments against this theory claim in demand is stronger than thought, somewhat aided by government stimulus 
programs and that for several quarters actual end demand exceeded shipments, thereby causing inventory to continue to 
be tight. 

From a Linear specific point of view, although growing shipments by 14%, we continued to lower both domestic and 
international distribution inventories. We had a positive book-to-bill ratio for the quarter. Our lead times have remained 
short at two to four weeks, therefore giving us a competitive advantage. New products in the automotive and 
micro-module area have been gaining traction. And finally, business has continued strong through early October; 
however, business historically slows down in the December holiday season. 

Combining all of these inputs, both macro and Linear-specific, leads us to our guidance for the December quarter of 
revenues being in the range of up 2% to 5%. We believe we will continue to have strong profitability and maintain 
operating margins over 40% as a percentage of sales. 

We want to emphasize that in another difficult economic period in 2001 during the dot.com bust, we remained very 
profitable and cash flow-positive, unlike many of our competitors. We are therefore in a position to continue to invest 
in the future, specifically in developing unique analog circuits to meet the new needs in communications, industrial, 
automotive and other end markets. In technology, the key is to be innovative and well-positioned when growth 
resumes. 

Similar to the dot-com era, we are seeing a pickup in design-in activity. Customers often with fewer engineers, as a 
result of layoffs are striving to get next-generation and new innovative products to market. In these circumstances, our 
quality and timeliness of design support are often more highly regarded than price breaks and this plays to our 
strengths. After the dot-com bust, our sales for the next three fiscal years grew 18%, 33% and 30%. 

These are difficult times we are in, but we hope to emerge again, well positioned to outperform our competition. 

I would now like to open up the conference call to questions to be addressed either Bob, Lothar or myself. 


Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great, guys. Good morning, thanks so much for taking the question. I guess maybe if I could 
start on the handset bookings, I just want to understand is that kind of Linear-lead product portfolio pruning? Is it 
customers had excess inventory? Is it your customer share shift? Is it Linear share loss, which I doubt, but I will ask, if 
you could help us with a little bit of perspective there? 

<A - Peter Coghlan>: I think you had it pretty much right that this is part of an ongoing strategy that we have had now 
for the last several years. We have been working to direct our design and sales efforts away from consumer-oriented 
type of products that we consider handsets to be – fall into that category. And I think this is just the outcome of that 
strategy and we are executing on it presently. 

<Q - James Covello>: Terrific. And then maybe, if I could just ask one follow-up, I understand that your disty 
shipments were less than the disty revenues. So distributor inventories went down then in the quarter. Other than 
conservatism and seasonality, how do you – and I heard everything you talked about with relative to guidance at the 
end of the quarter, but it just seems like 2 to 5% given the momentum that you exited the quarter with plus the fact that 
distributor inventories were down in the fourth quarter is a little bit conservative. But how much of that really is 
seasonality? 

<A - Peter Coghlan>: Well, the guidance we gave you on top of the number that had the Street was expecting from us 
is actually more like 13% improvement. 

<Q - James Covello>: Right. 

<A - Peter Coghlan>: But comparing it over that number we did have, because had such a good number for the quarter 
was 2 to 5. There are a lot of things going right for the company as I said at the end of my introductory comments, but 
we are seasonally as you alluded to in the December quarter. The month of December classically is pretty slow and in 
this particular recessionary time, it's kind of hard to read how that will be. Is it this year, because things have been 
down so far, it will be better, or is it this year it will be like other years and the month of December will be a little bit 
slow. 

So I think, we factored those things in, plus there's been a lot of things written, Jim, in the public about has this been 
replenishment of inventory? How much of it is real, sustainable throughput to end products and end markets? We felt 
pretty good about the throughput, as I talked to you. We no our distributor inventory is down, but on the other hand, we 
are reading that some of this could have been built up in some end channels. 

<Q - James Covello>: Terrific, thanks so much. Congratulations on the good results. 

<Q - James Covello>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah. Good evening, guys. I appreciate it. Congratulations on the good quarter. Paul, I always feel 
a little silly asking this question about gross margins given where they are absolutely. But just given that the revenue 
sequential growth, the mix shift, the higher ASPs, I know you talked about profit sharing and the mix shift to modules. 
But can you help me understand, if not for profit sharing and the mix shift to modules, where gross margins could have 
been or help me understand and quantify the puts and takes there ? And as we look out into the December quarter, what 
kind of expectations there? And then I have a quick follow-up. 


<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: We gave you all the factors that led to 
the increase in gross margin. We still have some shutdowns in the factories, as we mentioned. So the factories are not 
running at full capacity so that there are some inefficiencies still within the gross margin number because of that. As we 
continue to grow sales, we feel confident that gross margin could improve. And we have to see how it plays out with 
mix and issues like that, but our general impression is ASP will pick up. The mix to micro modules is something we are 
quite excited about. We've been talking to you for many quarters about that product line and telling you that we held it 
in high promise and now we're starting to see some of the results. I've explained why its a little detrimental at the gross 
margin line but positive from the operating margin line. 

So again, maybe I'll go back to your opening – very opening comment that asked me as why 75% gross margin isn't 
good enough. It's a little tough to take, but I think we did reasonably well in the quarter. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then Paul, just on the auto strength, help me understand what kind of sustainability behind 
that. How much of that is U.S. versus international? And as you look forward, how concerned are you about pull 
forward in the U.S. for Cash for Clunkers? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, for us, the majority, almost all of 
our automotive business is actually outside of the U.S. We sell mostly in Japan and Europe. We sell a lot and have had 
historically sold a lot in high-end models, although as we move to the electric cars and the more electric content in 
hybrids, maybe we will actually get some benefits of either moving down to some not just high-end models, but some 
more medium end model cars. 

So, but how much of that was attributable within this quarter, the Cash for Clunkers? We know those programs had an 
impact in places like Japan, where there was a lot of Prius activity, for example, which is the model we are in. We 
know that had some impact in Europe, although that probably impacted more lower end cars than the ones we are in. 

The United States, Cash for Clunkers was probably a better deal for the Korean and Japanese automakers than it was 
for the U.S. automakers, but – and we are not very high, don't have a lot of content in the U.S. cars at the moment. 

So automotive, that's one of the tough things to say how much of that is maybe not so much an inventory buildup, but a 
short-term volume pick up in cars, and how much of it is sustainable going forward long-term. We mentioned that we 
know for sure there are some of our products that have gone into new model cars, so that should probably be somewhat 
sustainable. 

We know that some of our growth was new products we have in new programs, particularly electronic electric cars. 
That should be sustainable, but we also know some of it was in the stimulated growth for turning in your old car and 
getting a new car. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Paul, just as an add-on sneak question, is there any way to quantify the content increase as you 
start moving into hybrid cars from standard cars? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you have to help me with the 
question. You mean content per car or content per... 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yes, content per car, so if you look at your content per car today as you start to do more and more 
with hybrid, what kind of increase in electronic components that you guys sell could we see relative to the hybrid? 

<A>: Let me take a cut at that. One of the things that we have is a large portion of our automotive presently is 
concentrated in the infotainment part of the cars as our automotive sales go beyond that, particularly as it goes into 
hybrids and electric, typically we will have one or two part types in an infotainment system. 

In an electric and a hybrid, there may be many, many parts. It could be eight, 10, maybe 20 different products with bill 
of materials, many multiples of what we have in a standard car. So this is one of the reasons that we are pretty 
enthusiastic about the all-electric and hybrid market. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yes, thank you. Great quarter. Two questions. First of all, Paul, you mentioned your short lead 
times, your competitors lead times are stretched. I mean, I know most of your products are proprietary, but just given 
your short lead times, would you expect to maybe gain some share here the next couple of quarters? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we could certainly. The fact that 
some of our competitors lead times are stretched out particularly among small or medium-sized customers makes us a 
much more attractive alternative I think long-term as they design in new products. Lothar, would you want to add? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: I would just like to add we are, as Paul said in a call here that we are actually in Munich, 
Germany, and one of the things we've been doing part of the time we spent here is visiting customers. And it's clear 
from our customers that there are some lead time expansions and some of our competitors parts are being allocated. 
And so we are getting a fair amount of 911 calls from our customers looking for opportunities for us to maybe replace 
some of our competitors parts because of our short lead times. So I think there is a possibility, and that's clearly one of 
the wildcards in the forecast for this quarter. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Great. I appreciate that. My second question is if you look at your mix of bookings, obviously 
now handsets down to 2%. Though computing is still up there about 10%. Should we expect that to come down over 
time or is that computing now basically just high-end servers and that shouldn't really change much? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we don't think it will change 
much. It's not all high-end servers. We are in some notebooks and desktops and some of the smaller handheld 
computers. But at the moment, that should stay. But we have some promising opportunities in that area. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Sounds good, thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll now go to Doug Freedman from Broadpoint. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great, guys, thanks for taking my question. Can you talk a little bit about sort of the product 
mix that you are seeing and how much of the demand is coming from, say, some of your newer products and whether 
you are seeing the baseline, the run rate business come back? Is this recovery really being fueled by an innovation cycle 
at your customers that you can get a sense of at this point? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I think the current strength we are seeing 
is probably not necessarily tied to – yet to an innovation cycle, because I think this is happening too quickly. But I can 
tell you that our experience presently with our customers is that we know they are working very hard to bring products 
out that allow them to differentiate themselves from their competitors. And so my expectation is and what we are 
seeing is our customers are pushing us very hard for new product and new product support, and I think that's something 
that maybe we are seeing a little bit now, but that's probably in the next quarter or two we'll see more of that. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right, great. And if I could revisit a question that I touched on probably about a year or 
two ago asking about your go-to-market strategy and if you were taking any different tacts toward how you interface 
with some of the larger customers, the Tier 1 accounts, have you seen any change in mix amongst your customer base? 
And are you doing anything different in regards to trying to penetrate larger tier 1s? Any update you can give us on that 
front would be helpful. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: The only comment I guess I would have 
is that we talked about for the last several years about us refocusing our sales effort to be less consumer, less cell 


phone, and more industrial, more automotive, more communications. So if there is kind of a refocusing in terms of big 
customers, we are probably less concentrated in big customers who are concentrated at the consumer and cell phone 
market and more concentrated in big customers that are in the markets I said we're targeting. 

And a bit – amplify that bit without sounding like a motherhood statement. We value all customers. We value 
medium-sized as well as big customers. We try to treat them all really well and not so much concentrate on special 
programs with just a few limited number of big customers. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Terrific. And if I could sneak a last one in there. You mentioned allocation out of some of 
your competitors out there. Can you give us a commentary on what you were seeing as far as ASPs presently as far as 
how aggressive do you need to be to win new designs? And what do you think ASP trends look like not just for 
yourselves but maybe even for the industry? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well I think this is actually quite 
refreshing for us, because in a market where products are having extended lead times and there's availability issues the 
pressure on ASPs is – there really isn't much pressure. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks so much and congrats on a strong quarter. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Romit Shah, Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Hey guys. Just going back to lead times, you talked about the potential to potentially gain some 
share, but the other scenario – and I think talked about this last night, is that if you get enough companies extending 
lead times, what customers are doing is – or what they will do is they will extend backlog coverage for everyone. I'm 
just wondering if you have seen a similar trend and if that at all is driving down your trends requirement this quarter. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: I can understand that being a concern, but I think we've got good relationships with our 
customers and they know that when we quote two to four week lead times, we are able to do that in really pretty much 
any market conditions. And we watch this very closely to make sure that our customers aren't placing long lead time 
backlog on us. So we have not seen any of that. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay, and then the other question I had was on the industrial business. I know you guys had a 
good quarter. But, Paul, based on the numbers that you shared with us, it looks like orders are still down close to 30% 
from the peak last year. And so my question is, do you think Linear is in the early stages of seeing the industrial 
business recover or is it still too hard to provide any visibility beyond this quarter? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: I think we are a little bit more confident this quarter than the past few quarters we've talked to 
you that we've seen some upturn in the industrial business overall. This is the first quarter in several quarters that our 
distribution business has grown so that that's a positive sign for industrial. 

Also Europe, which typically is very seasonally for us is low in the summer, we've seen some improvements in the late 
summer in Europe, so that I think our sense is that industrial is starting to pick up and some of that was reflected in the 
number we gave you. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll now go to Steve Smigie from Raymond James. 


<Q - Steven Smigie>: Great, thank you. I was hoping you could comment on what cash flow use looks like going 
forward. I'm trying to look out a little bit so you had already talked about CapEx plans for this year. If you were to 
assume a modest recovery over the next couple of years, would you take the CapEx spending up and also, how much 
do you plan to continue to pay down the debt? Thanks. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Well, maybe we will split answering that. First of all we do have some senior debt on senior 
convertible notes, as you know, on our balance sheet. We have retired some of that. We had 1.7 billion. We're now 
down to 1.4 billion. 

We have 400 million due in about 13 months, so some of our cash will go towards that, both the cash we have and the 
cash we generate in the next year and that will leave us with about a 1 billion in debt and we will be looking to our cash 
to retire some of that. 

So that from a cash expenditures we continue to be committed to the dividend program, we look at retiring some of our 
senior debt. With regard to fixed asset and fixed asset additions, we would hope we are in a position and we plan to be 
in a position to tell you that we're going to grow those expenditures in the years out as our business picks up. 

We are in a competitive business. Having -- we are one of the more unusual companies in that we are totally vertically 
integrated through the factories, so we do 98% or 96% of our own fabrication, 100% of our own tests, and by far the 
lion's share of our own assembly. So we would be adding some things to those factories as the capacity encourages us 
to do so. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay, great. And my other question was just on -- I don't think I missed it, but I was wondering 
if you could give us utilization in the quarter and where you see a peak utilization number if obviously you have a lot of 
full sourced parts and probably don't want to run fully utilized all the time given the potential for upside orders from 
customers. So where are you now and where would you want to have a peak utilization number at? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Let's see, just as a reminder, it was 
exactly a year ago that we were at quite a bit larger sales number, $310 million a quarter sales number. And so from 
that point to now, we really haven't eliminated any of our manufacturing infrastructure. So all of that's still in place, and 
we've made some minor head count adjustments. So we are down 20 plus percent, so I would say our utilization is 75 
to 80% of our factories. But to get very quickly back up to 100% really would only take a modest amount of effort. So 
I'd say 75 to 80%. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Venk Nathamuni from JPMorgan has our next question. 

<Q - Venkatesh Nathamuni>: Yes, good morning. This is Venk in for Chris Danely. I had a couple of questions. One, 
first on the inventory level, even though your inventory dropped some for this quarter, what do you think is the desired 
level of inventory, especially given that it's still high relative to your five-year average? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: We feel our inventory is – we're pretty 
comfortable where it's at right now. I think it's one of the strengths that we had that allowed us to respond pretty easily 
to the pickup in business that we had. So inventory is down a little bit. I expect it might be down a little bit next quarter 
as well, but we are not feeling uncomfortable at the current level of inventory. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: And when you ask us about the five-year averages and where the ideal inventory level is and 
how you should respond to reducing inventory in recessionary times or downtimes, you should also view that question 
in light of we've been telling you we've maintained lead times at two to four weeks, and that's given us a competitive 
advantage now as that there are other competitors whose lead times have stretched out significantly. They are probably 
much closer to their five-year inventory average than we might be, but we are doing a lot better in lead time. 


<Q - Venkatesh Nathamuni>: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just one quick follow-up. I know in terms of your 
gross margins, I know it's been talked about already, but at what level of revenue do you expect to be back at your peak 
gross margins? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we were towards the high end of 
the 70s when we were at $310 million, which was a year ago. I don't know at what particular quarter, but we don't see a 
structural reason why from a gross margin standpoint, as we grow revenue, we couldn't get back to that level. 

<Q - Venkatesh Nathamuni>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Jefferies and Company. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Good morning, guys. Paul, you saw significant snap back in your industrial business. Just the 
inventories seemed to have declined again. You mentioned some restocking. I was wondering if you could parse out 
how much you think is in restocking at the end customer, and then as far as do you feel that you are now shipping to 
consumption, Lothar? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Blayne, that's a difficult question to 
be frank with you for us to answer particularly in the industrial environment. Because industrial, we sell a lot through 
our distributors, so – and there's many, many, many end customers. So, again, we don't have five or six bellwether 
customers that account for a large portion of it so that we can kind of check individually with that. 

So what we do is we look at things like the distributor inventory. We look at the distributor book-to-bill ratio. Do they 
have more bookings on them than they have shipped out? That's positive for us. Could there have been some buildup in 
inventory all the way down the channel at the ultimate last company before it goes to the consumer? There probably 
could have been, but we don't really have data on that. We don't have that kind of granularity through the distributor to 
their end customers. 

Our gut feel is that, you know, I think it's going to be hard. One of the things I think that's still not fully appreciated 
maybe is that these medium sized companies are still struggling with the credit crisis. 

When you can read about it that there's still – it's more difficult for them to get credit from their banks than it was a 
year, a year and a half ago. So that for a small or medium-sized company to decide it ought to now increase its 
inventory, it's got a funding issue around that that if it can't with its own cash balance do that, it needs to get assistance 
from a bank it's got to deal with. 

So I don't really know that there is a big incentive for the medium sized guy to grow his inventory. The one thing there 
is an incentive for the medium sized guy to make sure he's dealing with suppliers that have consistent lead times and 
that he can plan accordingly without investing money in so-called insurance policies. 

So it's hard to give you an exact answer. The feeling we have is we don't really think especially in the industrial area 
there's much inventory built up in the ultimate last company before it goes to the consumer. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Got you. I know you've highlighted – we've touched on this twice, but as far as the – it seems 
like from your comments you've baked in some conservatism for the December quarter, and I know you're not going to 
dial in completely, but I was hoping you could maybe give me some – your view into how you looked at the risks that 
you outlined, and in terms of what extent – whether you dialed back your turns ratio; just some color there would be 
helpful? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I mean, we try to be frank with 
you. We went through all of the things we considered. And the hardcore numbers we know are we have positive 
book-to-bill ratio. We know the level at, which we're booking at. And then we talk to our sales folks and we get some 
inputs from them. 


We also consider what might be going on in the marketplace. We consider that the end of the month – at the end of the 
quarter is typically a slow month. So, obviously, those factors we can't measure as well. We might tend to be a little 
broader in our range or more conservative. And we thought we gave you, given the times, a number that we felt 
comfortable with. Is it possible we could do better than that? Yes, it's possible we could do better than that. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: We certainly didn't see booking at the beginning of this quarter. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, right. We didn't estimate that at 
the beginning of this quarter. Is that helpful? Yes, go right ahead. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: I know that it's not an issue for you as far as lead-times, but you did reference several times the 
lead-times for other customers. I was wondering, if you could just quantify, what are you seeing for some of these 
commodity guys in terms of lead-times? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: We see everything from eight to 20 to 
30 weeks to allocation right now. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Got you. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Wu from GC Research. 

<Q - David Wu>: Good evening. Thanks for letting me ask question. I was wondering what are you planning on your 
workweeks coming into the December quarter, and at what pace do you think you'll go back to sort of full-time/no-time 
off kind of situation? Is it a revenue level or is it a function of time? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we have already started to reduce 
the amount of shutdowns we've done. Last quarter our back-end factories took no shutdowns. We did have some 
shutdowns in our fabs. We're probably going to decrease the number of shutdowns we have there as well. Our 
non-manufacturing people had no shutdowns last quarter. So, you're seeing some of that activity happening right now 
already, and our expectation is as the business continues to improve, we will continue to slowly unwind those things. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: And relative to the quarter we're in, David. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yeah. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: The end of the quarter is the holiday period. So for the Christmas week or that holiday week, 
we'll probably shut down our fabs and our – we'll probably have probably a broad shutdown across the whole company 
for that week. But that's more seasonal holiday related than it's necessarily related to a response to the recession. 

<Q - David Wu>: Well, if we have your usual first calendar quarter kind of thing, you usually grow a small amount in 
Q1 and Q2 of the year. If we have modest growth in the first half of calendar 2010, I was wondering at what stage 
would we actually see the real full cost numbers in your P&L. In other words, no shutdowns and everybody -everything 
back to "normal conditions"? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, let me give you two answers to 
that. One answer is that my guess then is when you would say that there would be given what we see now when we 
think there would be no shutdowns whatsoever, there could be holiday-related shutdown in Q1 because the January, the 
week between Christmas and January, falls into the holidays -- falls into our Q3. Now, we haven't made that decision 
yet, but that's a possibility. 

But I think maybe more importantly when you look at Linear is in the past, we had shutdowns and we had corrections 
and we've always said to you folks that we have a high amount of variable costs and we've always said as we bring 
those costs back on as we grow our revenue, we don't think you'll see it. So, that as we look out this period, we feel 


we'll have the same situation. In other words, when – we've never come to you and said, well, this particular quarter we 
didn't meet our goals because we eliminated some of the constraints we had on variable costs. 

We just I think I've always done a job whereby -- that's what makes them variable. I mean we bring them in and put 
them out as we need them. So I wouldn't worry too much that you're going to see some sudden impact as we increase 
variable costs that we hadn't forewarned you about. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay, well I guess the last question I have is in terms of geography, this past quarter was pretty 
much across the board. But you keep reading about Japan and Western Europe being not the growth engine of 
Asia-Pacific. Do you see any signs that there's going to be diversity between your different geography or particularly 
end markets as you finish off this seasonal period and into Q1 of next year? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I'll take the first stab at answering 
that. Relative to Japan, we actually saw a pickup in Japan last quarter. They went from 13% to 15%. So there's a high 
automotive content. They've had some success in the automotive area. They're probably further along in the electronic 
and hybrid vehicle, particularly hybrid vehicle, than other carriers. So that Japan for us was not a weak -- in geography. 
Europe we mentioned that towards the end of the summer, we saw some pickup in Europe in what's normally a 
seasonally slow period. I mean Europe still has some work to do, but we are here in Munich actually now and what we 
have been hearing from our European people is a sense that things are starting to pick up a bit. Now they are going to 
run into a little bit of a slowdown in the holiday period, December, which they do every year, but I would think they 
would pick up. 

Asia-Pacific has been relative to all the geographies the strongest. China has been stronger than either the U.S., Europe, 
or Japan from an economic re-growth from a recession standpoint. So we are so diversified, David, we don't need them 
all clicking on full cylinders. All we need is a couple of them doing well and we will grow them. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: I think the international markets actually might help us offset some weakness in the North 
American market in the next quarter or two on a relative basis. 

<Q - David Wu>: I was wondering actually with the nature of the Company changing more to industrial com 
infrastructure and automotive, what is the prospect of you actually outgrowing a semiconductor industry or the analog 
component of that overall in the next 12 months? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I will take a first stab at that. If 
you look at WSDS's forecast for the next 12 months, now again it's a forecast but they've been doing it for many years. 
The areas that they predict will have the strongest growth, not dramatically more than the others, but nonetheless the 
strongest growth is what they call standard linear, which is what we are very strong in and automotive linear, and 
industrial linear so that those folks are telling you that what they think you are going to see is more of the end markets 
we are in doing pretty well next year. 

Now they are not saying it is dramatically better than the others, but they are certainly saying they think it will grow 
more than the others. So we have always prided ourselves on having unique parts, being differentiated from the 
competition, being able to especially help our customers when they need to innovate, and when you come out of a 
recession, we found in the past one of the key things all the customers want to do is be at the front-end of the 
innovation curve. So we probably think it's more our innovation capabilities that will help us outgrow our competition, 
but a little bit we might be helped by we are in the right markets. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Yes, I think our positioning in product in end market segment is probably as healthy as it has 
been in a while. 

<Q - David Wu>: Great, thank you very much. Have a good evening. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, guys. Versus your original guidance for the September quarter, what would you say would 
be the biggest surprise that led to the revenues up siding so much? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, it was across the board, Ross. I 
told you we grew in every market except cell phone and we grew in every geographic area. Maybe Japan surprised us a 
little in the automotive side, but they came back quickly there. But we were surprised a little bit in each area. We didn't 
anticipate 14% growth when we went into it. 

We found August, which is usually a pretty slow month, actually did better than July, so once that started to happen, 
then we wanted to see was it sustainable through the rest of the quarter? And it continued to be sustainable through 
September. So if you pin me to the wall and said I had to pick one, maybe Lothar will have a different one. I might've 
picked Japan, but I would stumble in answering, saying we actually grew in a lot of areas. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: On that front, whatever implied conservatism you had in the September quarter guidance, turns 
etcetera, how would you describe that level of conservatism changing as you are guiding into the fourth quarter, 
December quarter if it changed at all? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: You know, I think we try to come up 
with our estimates pretty much the same way every quarter. Going into the December quarter, we know at the end of it, 
it should slow down a bit just seasonally. Going into September quarter, normally the September month picks up a lot. 
But you were coming out of kind of a recessionary period, it was a little harder to stick your neck out in that situation. 
But I mean, our range of guesses going into the September quarter, none of us had a 14 on his pad, 14%, so that came 
out to be stronger than we thought. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: I guess a little more granular question then. Just going forward, what should we think about for 
the tax rate and for that roughly $7 million non-cash charge? Does that continue pretty much forever or was that kind of 
a one-time true up? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Starting with that, that doesn't continue 
forever but it does continue as long as we have the notes. Now it is the non-cash item, so we would hope that most of 
you view it as an accounting charge, not a business charge. I'll probably get in trouble here, and that you would not – 
you would pro forma it out. But as long as we have the notes, that will continue. Once we pay down the short note, it 
will get to be a smaller number, but it will continue through 2014 when we pay out at – be it smaller than $7 million. 
But it's a non-cash item, so I mean, we don't – it's not anything we're going to pay. So we don't put a lot of energy into 
worrying about that number and we hope you would not pro forma it out. 

Relative to the tax rate, our tax rate – our effective tax rate we think will continue at 28%. There is a good potential that 
we could have some discrete items that would lower that, but those discrete items are very difficult to project what 
quarter they will come in. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great. Then one last question. There's been a lot of concern or at least discussion within the 
analog sector in general about what it means to individual companies that Texas Instruments is going to move to 300 
millimeter wafers. What do you think that means for Linear Tech from a competitive positioning point of view? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Yeah, I think that's just no news and it really has no impact. And if anything, we've always 
prided ourselves on having very efficient factories that we can build and maintain at relatively low costs and the care 
and feeding of the $300 million or 300 millimeter wafer fab is pretty high, even if it was purchased relatively 
inexpensively, to operate it and maintain it is pretty expensive. So our value that we bring is not having bigger wafer 
diameters. It's really the processes we do in our factories and the design capabilities of our designers. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: And Ross, that mean – what they did 
makes it well into their strategy. That may be a good thing to do if you're going to be strong in the very largest 


customers and the consumer and cell phone areas. That may give you a competitive advantage in costs in those end 
markets. You've heard us say those are end markets that we're focusing on and that where we focus, we don't really 
have customers that need us to be selling product as frequently that we would need those diameter wafers. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. Thank you very much. Just a couple of quick ones. Did you tell us what your average 
utilization rates was for the quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: We mentioned earlier that our factory 
utilizations was running somewhere between 75 and 80%, but we also mentioned that as part of this downturn, Linear 
still has all of its manufacturing capabilities in place and to basically get down to the 75 to 80% utilization, we just 
removed a little bit of direct labor and labor support and we could get very quickly back to full utilization. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. Just one question. When you mentioned that you were getting 911 calls from clients who were 
seeing some of their suppliers stretch out lead times, what specific segments of product areas do you think that that 
would imply that you're gaining market share? 

And also how sustainable will that be going forward when things kind of return to normal for your suppliers? I just 
want to understand how sticky some of these market share moves that are happening now, it may be small, but just for 
me to understand how quickly this can happen and how sticky that can be? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. That's a good question. Yeah. 
We've heard it now from several customers and we've also heard it from our distribution partners, and so if it comes 
from the distribution partners, they really service hundreds or thousands of different customers. 

So it could be quite broad over all sorts of geographies and all sorts of end markets. So I can't say it's in one particular 
end market. I think if will hit – availability issues come up, it's going to be pretty broad. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. And then, in terms of the comments you made on China infrastructure, there are all kinds of 
different people with different views as to how the Chinese infrastructure roll out is trending. Can you just please 
explain to me again what you're seeing, because we understand there's been a little bit of a pause and that as the rates 
pick up again, so can you just please explain that again, if you don't mind? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we actually didn't mention China 
infrastructure at all yet and we had mentioned a few quarters ago that in the March quarter one of the reasons our 
infrastructure networking business picked up was there was some strength coming from China and several other 
companies. Some of our competitors also expressed that that was a strong headwind in that quarter. 

And then, people said they expected it as we had that we'd cut back in the June and September quarters. I mean, not 
September from June, but June from March, and stay at the June level. And that's pretty much what happened to us in 
that area. 

So there's promise in the China infrastructure that they'll be the next leg of that. We really haven't spent time projecting 
in which quarter that would take place. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. And then just finally from me, in terms of how much churn you will need in terms of 
meeting the midpoint of your current guidance, what would that be? And if you can just help me put that in a context of 
historical level of trends, what is some of the...? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: It's very similar to what we've needed in 
past quarters and since our lead times are so low, we can react very quickly, so that for us having turns in the high 50s 


is with the two to four week lead time, the math would actually tell you the turn should be higher than the high 50s. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Like it. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: So we've been operating in that level for 
years, so we don't see any issue around it. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much, guys. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Joanne Feeney from FTN Equity Capital. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Hi, thanks. Good evening, folks. Just another way of thinking about how you are viewing the 
world at the moment, so can you perhaps describe for us whether you feel or have the same level of uncertainty at this 
point in the quarter as you did last quarter at this time when you gave similar guidance. Because it sounds like that 
there is a sort of the seasonal issue in the December quarter maybe masking somewhat more optimistic views at this 
point in time. Perhaps you could tie in the pattern of month-to-month orders that you saw in the last quarter versus what 
you saw in the previous quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Let me take a cut at that. I think every 
quarter kind of has its own characteristics. This quarter is a little bit different than the prior quarter, the prior quarter 
which we just completed. We had a little bit of growth in the quarter before it. We started at the beginning of the 
quarter I said – we said at the last call that we saw business look pretty strong going into the quarter and at the time, we 
had no clue that it would end up at growing up 14% or almost 14%. 

We're kind of in a similar position here this quarter. The beginning of the quarter from a booking standpoint has looked 
pretty good and – but we are faced with all of the uncertainties that Paul mentioned. 

So there is some pluses and some minuses that we see. The inventory issue. So, there's just other factors in play this 
quarter than last quarter. And we think that taking those into consideration, our guidance of 2 to 5% this quarter is an 
appropriate balance to what we are getting from – what we're hearing from our own salespeople and what our 
perception of the market is. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Okay. So if I could just get in on a follow-up, did you see bookings improve month-to-month 
this past quarter like you did in the previous quarter? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: In Q1, we did see bookings improve month after month. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Okay. Well, that's it for me. Thanks and congrats on a nice quarter. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Thank you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks for taking the question and good evening. The question is on the handset business. Can you 
talk a little bit about what you do with the resources when you move away from an application like that? And so the 
question would be does it ultimately manifest in some operating expense savings in R&D or field sales, or do we 


eventually see a reacceleration in another business where you've redeployed resources? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: I don't think you are going to see any big shifts. What we did is we just redirected our design 
engineering teams and our sales teams to instead of concentrating or focusing on the consumer and the cell phone 
markets they are now into other markets, so there's really not a shift of cost. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: And there's no particular end market where those resources would have gone to, Lothar? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Absolutely. The markets that we are very interested in is the industrial markets. We have said for 
a long time that we think automotive is a great market for Linear Technology, so it we – probably if I had to say if 
there's any market where we have kind of stepped up the focus, I would say it's the automotive market, because it has 
some characteristics that really is a good mix of what we do and it's a good mix of what our customers value. And so I 
think we have some fundamental competitive advantages in that market. So if I had to pick one, I would say automotive 
and we've seen it in the results. If you go back a few years, automotive is kind of the low single-digit business for us. 
Its last quarter, maybe somewhat benefiting from some of these incentives, but it was 13% of our sales or of our 
bookings and I don't see any reason why that can't grow going in the future. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay, that's helpful. I don't think the company has talked about the networking business, although 
there was a nice bookings increase in the quarter there. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing? And I know 
power over Ethernet used to be a strong area for the company. Is that still a key socket for you? And what do you see 
unfolding in networking? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Networking has and continues to be a 
good market for us. We have been, I think a leader in that area for quite a while, particularly as it relates to power over 
Ethernet. We've probably had leading products now out for several years. We've got really a family of high-powered 
POE products that are just gaining customer traction that we see is going to be successful going forward. And so we've 
got sort of a second generation of products and we've got some third generation of products in design that we are going 
to be shipping here in the not-too-distant future as well. So that's a market – a good market for us. It has been. It's been 
an important market for us and we continue to put design resources and sales resources in that market. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Can you comment a little bit about the breadth of the booking strength you saw in networking? 
Lothar, is it across all end markets or are there particular geographies where you are seeing the rebound? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: I don't think I've got that granularity. I don't know, Paul, if you know. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think this quarter was across all of 
the end markets for us within networking. There was no one particular geographic area that outshone the others. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay. And then the last question for me, you mentioned the micro module business a couple of 
times. Can you talk about the end markets that you are seeing traction in and from the traction you're seeing now, how 
would that broaden out over the next two to four quarters? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: It's actually a little bit harder to talk 
about end markets for the micro modules, because we now have been selling micro modules for about three years. And 
so we've seen virtually every quarter the quarters – the quarter-over-quarter sales increasing and what is an interesting 
characteristic of the micro module sales is it's dominated by sales through distribution, which is really one of the things 
we're looking for. The micro modules were designed to be easy to use by our customers. They didn't require our sales 
engineers to hand hold our customers to design them in. And so we sell 1000 here, 10,000 there, and they are largely 
unassisted design wins for Linear. 

So we are pretty – we have over the years said that that business could be a 50 million to $100 million a year business. 
And as time has gone by, we are even more convinced than we were in the past that we can achieve and maybe even 
beat those goals. An interesting side benefit of the micro modules, particularly since we do sell them to a lot of small 
and medium-sized customers that we really normally don't have to touch, it turns out they are actually a pretty good 
sales lead instrument for us, that we get to know some customers that we may have never had experience with through 
the micro module program. 


<Q - Craig Ellis>: Can you... 

<A>: Yeah. The modules are just aimed at all markets, not any one market. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay, that – and can you say how big that business is right now relative to that 50 to 100 million 
goal that you have? 

<A - Lother Maier>: You know, I don't want to give the exact number, but I don't think it's going to be too long before 
we reach that range. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] And we'll now go to Terence Whalen from Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks, two quick ones. The first one is – and I may have missed this, do you expect gross 
margin and also operating margin to increase sequentially? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, if we grow our sales the way we 
do, we would expect as we continue to grow sales and what we forecast that we would, there could be some 
improvement in both of those areas. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay, great. Then the second question I think has been attempted, but I was hoping that 
maybe I could approach it a different way. What areas within industrial outside of automotive are you seeing pickup in 
end demand? Would it be areas like test and measurement? I would assume that factory automation would actually still 
be a laggard within some of the subcomponents of industrial? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, first of all, a lot of that business 
for us goes through our distribution channel, so we depend on information that they send to us. So that again, and I 
know this sometimes seems like we're avoiding your question, but it's very broad-based, so the growth we had there 
was broad-based. 

Certainly in test and measurement, we're starting to see something pick up there. We talked to you about automotive 
which we don't include in industrial but you did. We saw a lot of strength in automotive. Just across a broad plain, we 
think we've seen some pickup, but again, we've just had good numbers in a recessionary period, but we've got a lot of 
progress yet to make and I really can't give you one individual end industrial market that was the most prominent driver 
in our number. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: So sorry, I can't help you with that. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: The last one, Paul, is on automotive. Just to be clear, have you seen any reduction in the 
strength of orders post this Cash for Clunkers? I think that's a prescient question for investors? Thanks. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I mean we are just three weeks 
into the quarter, so no, I think it's too early for us to project that. We think sales for the first three weeks have been 
pretty – our bookings have been fairly well distributed. But we gave you guidance at 2 to 5 and we did 14. So they 
would probably slowdown a little bit in one of those end markets but still be growing. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks. That does it, thanks. 

<A>: Okay. 


Operator 

It appears there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to you, Mr. Coghlan, for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

All right, well thank you very much for your attention. I always close these remarks by telling you have a nice day at 
work. We are actually going off for a beer now, now that the night is over, so be envious of us. But seriously, thanks 
for your questions. They were good questions and we feel good about a very strong quarter and we feel our business is 
going in the right direction. So have a nice evening. Goodbye. 

Operator 

This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


