Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
• Lothar Maier 
• Robert Swanson, Jr. 
Other Participants 

• Auguste Richard 
• Kate Kotlarsky 
• Uche Orji 
• Romit Shah 
• John Pitzer 
• Tore Svanberg 
• Doug Freedman 
• Chris Danely 
• J. Steven Smigie 
• Sumit Dhanda 
• Mark Lipacis 
• Manish Goyal 
• David Wu 
• Craig Berger 
• Shawn Webster 
• Terence Whalen 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• Craig Ellis 
• Blayne Curtis 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Linear Technology Corporation Fiscal 2010 Third Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Coghlan, Chief 
Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 

Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Hello. Good morning. Welcome to the Linear Technology conference call. I will give you a brief overview of our 
recently completed third quarter and fiscal 2010 and then address the current business climate. I am being joined in this 
call by Bob Swanson, our Executive Chairman, and by Lothar Maier, our Chief Executive Officer. 


I trust you've all seen copies of our press release which was published last night. First, however, I would like to remind 
you, that except for historical information, the matters that we will be describing this morning will be forward-looking 
statements that are dependent on certain risks and uncertainties, including such factors, among others, as new orders 
received and shipped during the quarter, the timing and introduction of new processes and products, and general 
conditions in the world economy and financial markets. 

In addition to these risks which we described in our press release issued yesterday, we refer you to the risk factors listed 
in the company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 27, 2009, particularly Management Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

Secondly, SEC Regulation FD regarding selective disclosure influences our interaction with investors. We've opened 
up this conference call to enable all interested investors to listen in. The press release and this conference call will be 
our forum to respond to questions regarding our estimated financial performance going forward. 

Consequently, should you have any questions regarding our estimates of sales and profits or other financial matters for 
the upcoming quarter, as well as how they might impact our income statement model and our balance sheet, this is the 
time we're free to respond to these questions. 

As you can tell from our press release, this was a great quarter for us. Sales increased by 21% sequentially from the 
previous quarter, growing in each major area, USA, Europe, Japan and rest of Asia, therefore soundly beating the top 
end of our guidance of 7 to 10% growth. 

Business was very strong throughout the quarter and market concerns about a post-Chinese New Year slowdown did 
not materialize. This strength was evident in all end markets, as each grew substantially in absolute dollars with the 
largest percentage growth being in the computer sector. 

We ended the quarter with another positive strong book-to-bill ratio. This improvement in sales positively impacted 
profitability, as operating margin improved by 33%. Operating income is now 49.4% of sales, up from 45.1% last 
quarter. Our pre-tax income grew 38%, and net income grew 33% although the tax rate increased from 24.5% last 
quarter to 27% this quarter. 

This sequential growth was even more pronounced on a quarterly year-over-year basis as sales grew 55%, operating 
income 111%, and net income 104%. The company is executing very efficiently in this period of rapid growth, and we 
have unwound all of the restrictions that we had on labor costs. 

Particularly, there are no more shutdowns, reductions in base pay have been eliminated, and profit sharing has 
increased. Our employees made sacrifices during this recession, and we are now back to normal mode. Headcount 
increased in the quarter, largely in the factory areas. However, our overall head count is still down from its peak. 

In summary, the effect of the items I just listed on the published quarterly results was that revenue was 311.3 million 
for the third quarter of fiscal year 2010, compared to the previous quarter's revenue of 256.4 million and 200.9 million 
reported in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. 

Diluted earnings per share of $0.44 improved $0.11 from the EPS of the previous quarter, and they doubled from $0.22 
per share reported in the third quarter of fiscal 2009. Net income of $100 million increased 25.1 million from the 
second quarter of this fiscal year, and this also doubled from 49.3 million in the third quarter of last fiscal year. 

Earnings per share would be $0.52 on a pro forma basis without the impact of two significant non-cash items: stock 
option accounting and, more recently, the amortization of debt discount, which is the theoretical difference between the 
company's convertible debt actual interest and the interest it would have potentially had to pay if it had used straight 
bank debt. 

During the March quarter, the company's cash and short-term investments balance increased by 79.6 million to $1.022 
billion. The company announced that it would again pay a quarterly dividend of $0.23 per share. This cash dividend 
will be paid on May 26 to shareholders of record on May 14. 


Looking ahead to the June quarter, we expect continued improvements in sales and profitability. Our factories continue 
to execute well, thereby enabling us to maintain low lead times, which allows our customers to place orders on us close 
to their demand requirements. 

Strong third-quarter bookings and a continuing strong positive book-to-bill ratio leads us again to be optimistic as we 
enter our fourth quarter. As a result, we are forecasting revenue growth for the fourth fiscal quarter in the range of 7% 
to 10% over our third fiscal quarter. Profitability for the company continues to be industry-leading and as we grow 
sales, we anticipate continuing improvement in operating margins as a percentage of sales. 

From a balance-sheet perspective, cash and short-term investments increased 80 million, as I mentioned before. 
Receivables grew by 22 million, in concert with the increase in sales, and have improved to 43 days of sales from 44 
days last quarter and 47 days a year ago. 

Inventory increased this quarter by 1.5 million to accommodate our increasing sales. Our return on assets was 26%, up 
from 20% last quarter. Our current ratio was a strong 7.9-to-1, down from 8.9-to-1 last quarter and up from 7.3-to-1 in 
the prior year's quarter. 

Our overall ending on hand inventory at distribution was generally unchanged from last quarter. Our lead times remain 
short, in the four to six-week range, and we are able to respond quickly to the increases in demand that we are 
experiencing. We are aware that some of our competitors' lead times have extended, but during this downtime, we have 
maintained all of our manufacturing capacity, which has enabled us to maintain very responsive lead times. 

Now, I would like to address the quarter's results on a line-by-line basis. Starting with bookings, for the third quarter in 
a row, our bookings improved significantly this quarter over the prior quarter. Cancellations, similar to last quarter, 
were relatively minor. Geographically, bookings increased in each major area, USA, both OEM and distribution, and in 
Europe, Japan and Asia. 

Bookings increased significantly in absolute dollars in all end markets. As a percentage of bookings, they increased 
strongly in the computer end market while decreasing slightly as a percentage in the communications and industrial end 
markets. At this time every quarter, we give you a breakdown of our bookings percentages by end markets to give you 
insight into those markets that drive our business. 

Industrial and communications continue to be our largest areas. Industrial was 35% of our bookings, down from 36% 
last quarter but up strongly in absolute dollars. Our industrial business is very broad-based and showed good strength in 
every geographical area, USA, Europe, Japan and Asia. The communications area decreased from 26% to 24% of our 
business while also being up nicely in absolute dollars. Within the infrastructure area, several of our customers 
involved in the global base station build out did well. 

Cell phones, at 2% of our business, were similar to last quarter, but up in absolute dollars. Computer was our strongest 
area, increasing as a percentage of bookings from 14% to 17% with particular strength in notebook and small-form 
tablet-type products. Automotive was unchanged at 11% while also growing well in absolute dollars. Business 
improved in all geographic areas with Japan and Europe continuing to be our strongest. 

The expansion of existing Linear parts into new car models and also new parts for new programs, especially in the 
hybrid and electronic vehicle area, continue to help us. Automotive is an area that we've been focusing on, given the 
increasing electric content in automobiles. Our battery-monitoring products for hybrid and electric vehicles are 
achieving good market acceptance. 

In addition, we continue to distinguish Linear as a high-quality supplier in important international automotive 
manufacturers. The consumer area was unchanged at 6% of bookings while also increasing in absolute dollars. Finally, 
the military, space and harsh environment products at 7% of bookings was unchanged but increased well in absolute 
dollars. 

In summary, we have largely completed our transition over the last several years into more traditional analog 
businesses and less into purely consumer-related end markets. Whereas 20% of our business was in cell phone and 
high-end consumer-related markets in 2005, 16% in fiscal 2008, this percentage was 14% in 2009 and 8% in the most 


recent two quarters of fiscal 2010. Note that we have a good balance of where our bookings are actually created with 
48% of them created in the USA and 52% internationally. 

Moving from bookings to sales, net sales increased by 21% from the prior quarter and 55% from the similar quarter in 
the prior year. Sales grew in each major geographic area, USA, OEM and disti, Europe, Japan, and the rest of Asia 
Pacific. In summary, the USA was 28% of sales versus 29% last quarter. Europe was 19%, up from 16%, largely due to 
improvement in the automotive and industrial sectors. Japan was 13%, down from 15% last quarter but up in absolute 
dollars. Asia-Pacific at 40% of sales was unchanged quarter-to-quarter. 

Gross margin, gross margin at 77.9% of sales increased 1.9 percentage points from last quarter's 76%. This increase 
was largely due to better factory efficiencies, due to absorbing fixed costs over a higher sales base and to a lesser extent 
due to an improving ASP from $1.59 to $1.62, and due to currency fluctuations resulting from an improving dollar. 
These increases were partially offset by higher profit sharing. 

R&D, R&D, at 51.9 million, increased 5.2 million from the $46.7 million reported last quarter, but it decreased as a 
percent of sales to 16.7% from 18.2% due to the higher sales volume. The largest increases were in profit sharing and 
labor costs where previous reductions in base pay were eliminated this quarter. There were also smaller increases in 
mask costs and other R&D related costs. 

SG&A; selling, general and administrative expense increased by 4.3 million but also decreased as a percent of sales to 
11.8% from 12.7% last quarter. The largest increases were in labor costs for profit sharing, base pay and sales 
commissions, and also in legal costs. 

Operating income, as a result of all of the above, operating income increased by 38.3 million or 33%. As a result, 
operating income as a percent of sales increased from 45.1% last quarter to 49.4% this quarter. This is strong 
profitability as we exit the recession and clearly puts us ahead of our peers in this financial performance measurement. 

Interest expense at 11.7 million was similar to last quarter. The amortization of debt discount of 7.4 million was also 
similar to last quarter. This is a non-cash accounting charge resulting from the adoption of new accounting regulations 
in the beginning of this fiscal year relating to convertible debt with a below-market interest rate. 

Interest income of 3 million decreased by $364,000, due primarily to a lower effective interest rate of 1.21% this 
quarter compared to 1.43% last quarter. Since the government has responded to the economic crisis by maintaining 
lower interest rates, net interest income will probably be reduced marginally again next quarter. 

The company's pre-tax profits as a percent of sales improved from 39% last quarter to 44.3% this quarter. Our tax rate 
was 27% this quarter, versus 24.5% last quarter, as we had smaller discrete tax items this quarter. 

We currently do not expect any discrete tax items next quarter and therefore, our effective tax rate should be 28%. The 
major tax savings items that support this 28% effective tax rate, prior to discrete items are, the benefits from our tax 
holidays overseas, our tax exempt interest, our domestic manufacturing tax benefits, and the R&D credit. 

The resulting net income of 100.6 million is an increase of 25.1 million from the previous quarter, as increased sales 
and improved gross margins were only partially offset by higher operating expenses and a higher tax rate. The resulting 
return on sales was 32.3% versus 29.5% last quarter. 

The average shares outstanding, used in the calculation of earnings per share increased by 658,000 shares, primarily 
resulting from restricted stock grants and stock option exercises. The resulting earnings per share was $0.44, an 
increase of $0.11 or 33% from the earnings per share of $0.33 reported in the prior quarter. And EPS was up $0.22 or 
100% from the $0.22 reported in the third quarter last year, which had been positively impacted compared to the 
current quarter by a lower tax rate. On a pro forma basis, without the impact of stock-based compensation and non-cash 
interest expense, diluted earnings per share would have been $0.52 per share, an increase of $0.11 from the prior 
quarter. 

Moving to the balance sheet, cash and short-term investments increased by 79.6 million. 145 million was provided by 
operations, 52 million was paid in cash dividends, and 10.2 million was used to purchase fixed assets. For the 96th 


consecutive quarter, the company had positive cash flow from operations. Our cash and short-term investments balance 
is now 1.022 billion and represents 63% of total assets. Accounts receivable of 146.7 million increased by 22.5 million 
from last quarter, as sales increased by 55 million in this quarter. Our days sales and accounts receivable were 43 days, 
a slight improvement over 44 days last quarter. 

Inventory, at 53.7 million, increased 1.3 million from last quarter to coincide with our expected increases in sales. As 
we told you last quarter, most of our inventory is concentrated at the die stage in WIP. From here, it can relatively 
quickly be packaged and tested to meet individual customer requests as we did this quarter to meet increasing customer 
demand. Our inventory turns improved to 5.2 times from 4.9 times last quarter. Lead times are short and we have many 
different products, so having adequate inventory is important in this environment to maximize customer response time. 
Having had adequate inventory has helped us in this upturn to generally outperform our competition and customer 
request response time. 

Deferred taxes and other current assets decreased by 1.3 million from the December quarter, primarily due to the timing 
of prepaid deferred taxes arising on transactions between our U.S. Corporation and our wholly-owned foreign factories. 

Property, plant and equipment increased modestly by $365,000. We had additions of 10.191 million and depreciation of 

9.826 million. Most of the additions were for test and assembly equipment in our overseas factories and for equipment 
in our U.S. fabrication plants needed to meet improving sales demand. 
In order to support further sales growth in future quarters, we will be purchasing increasingly more manufacturing 
equipment in the fourth quarter. As a result, for fiscal 2010, we expect capital additions to increase to the 60 to 70 
million range from the 30 to 40 million range we had previously forecast. For fiscal 2010, our depreciation should be in 
the 40 to 42 million range. Other non-current assets totaling 71.4 million increased modestly by 311,000. 

Moving to the liabilities side of the balance sheet, accounts payable increased by 4.1 million, largely due to increased 
purchasing volume to support improving sales. Accrued income taxes, payroll and other accrued liabilities increased by 
24 million. The largest items here are our profit sharing accrual, income taxes payable, and accrued interest payable on 
our convertible debt. 

Our interest payable accrual increased, as we had no semiannual interest payout this quarter. Profit-sharing accrual 
decreased, as we had our semiannual payout partially offset by this quarter's increased profit-sharing charge. Our 
income tax accrual increased to reflect the tax liability on our increased profitability. 

Deferred income on shipments to distribution was up $2.8 million this quarter, as our shipments to U.S. distributors 
were larger than what they had shipped out to their end customers. U.S. distribution had a good quarter, as they 
increased their shipments to their customers. Distribution is expecting another improving quarter and requires more 
inventory from us to meet this demand. 

Our accounting on shipments to U.S. distribution is conservative. We do not record a sale, nor income in our results of 
operations, until the distributor ships the product out to its end customer. We continue to closely control our inventory 
distribution to properly position the inventory without any unneeded buildup. 

Convertible senior notes, both the current portion and the long-term portion combined, increased by 7.4 million to 
reflect the non-cash amortization of debt discount that was charged to the income statement this quarter. Deferred tax 
and other long-term liabilities increased modestly, by 1.1 million, due to several tax-related items. 

Changes in the stockholder equity accounts were primarily the result of the usual quarterly transactions for net income, 
dividends paid, and employee stock activity. The company announced that it will again pay a quarterly dividend of 
$0.23 per share. The company believes that paying a dividend is an important way to return value to its shareholders. 
The company began paying a dividend in 1992 and has increased it every year since and currently pays approximately 
a 3% yield. 

Looking forward, I would like to close out our introductory comments by revisiting our guidance. Clearly, this has been 
a very strong quarter for us. Early in my comments, I discussed that our strong bookings and sales were very 
broad-based, resulting from business generated across all geographies and across all end markets. This strength was 


derived from four sources. First, the level of business picked up across the board in established customers, especially 
those serviced by the distribution channels, both in the USA and overseas. 

Second, we had bookings from many new customers, both large and small. Some came to us because of unique 
technical solutions that we offered, and some came to us because we are a more reliable supplier, with better 
engineering support, on-time delivery performance, and more dependable lead times. These new customers included 
several industrial and communications companies, disk-drive companies, and some new automotive customers. 

Third, in addition to new companies, we also had product opportunities for new programs within existing customers. 
Tablet PCs, base stations, and car infotainment are some of the examples of this strength. 

Fourth and finally, business picked up in established customers that had not been ordering in a while. Most of this was 
in the industrial sector, for example in the automated test equipment area. Clearly, some of our business resulted from 
companies ramping up production levels and therefore increasing inventory levels to meet production needs. Our sense 
is that customers, while increasing production, are still mindful of inventory levels. We believe that our inventory in the 
channels that we see is reasonably tight. Inventory at subcontractors continues to be watched carefully. 

Inventory at our distributors is lean. Inventory grew modestly at U.S. distributors to address on-hand backlog. 
International distribution inventory decreased slightly, although sales and bookings in this channel increased. 
Consequently, inventory turns internationally improved and are now well above historical norms. This broad-based 
demand enabled us to have a strong book-to-bill ratio for the quarter. Cancellations have been minor; our lead times 
remain short, in the four to six-week range; our design activity is robust; and we have had good new product 
acceptance. 

Finally, the booking activity early so far in April has remained strong. Combining all of these inputs leads us to our 
guidance for the June quarter of revenues being in the range of up 7% to up 10%. We believe we will continue to have 
improving profitability and operating margins as a percent of sales. 

In summary, we are very well product and end-market positioned to execute our strategy. We are strong in the areas we 
want to be: industrial, communications infrastructure and networking, and automotive, and we are opportunistic in 
other areas such as computer. The strategy that we have is differentiated from other analog competitors. We dominate 
in different end markets, we are a more reliable supplier with consistently lower lead times, and our technology and 
support is valued, as evidenced by our higher operating margins. 

I would now like to open up the conference call to questions to be addressed to either Bob, Lothar or myself. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We will take the first question from Gus Richard with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: Thanks for taking my question. Excellent quarter, guys. I just want to talk a little bit about 
the PC side of things. Is that primarily – is it traditional or is it just new types of models, the tablets that are coming out 
that drove that line this quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, it was driven, we mentioned, by 
notebooks and tablets. Some of it was business that had existed and the units sold increase, and some of it was new 
small-form tablets, like I addressed. 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: Okay, got it. And that's multiple customers on the tablet side? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Primarily one, but there could've been 
more than one. 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: Okay. And then, I will jump back in the queue. Thanks. 


Operator 

Mr. Richard, do you have anything further? 

<Q - Auguste Richard>: No, I will jump back in the queue. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Hi. This is Kate Kotlarsky for Jim Covello. I had a quick question on your industrial business. 
Clearly, we've rebounded quite sharply from the bottom and I believe that on a quarterly basis, if we take a look at 
where your orders are, we are probably above where you guys peaked out last cycle. So I was curious to get your 
perspective, when we think about the industrial cycle overall, what stage of the cycle you think we are in and then 
maybe comment on your business and what trends you are seeing from here? I think you had alluded to the fact that 
you perhaps maybe took a little bit of share from competition, given your shorter lead times versus your competitors'. 
So I was curious to see if you had any comment around that. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Relative to industrial, you are correct; 
industrial was strong for us. We've grown well there. Industrial is 35% of our business. There are – I think we wouldn't 

– we don't know where we are in the cycle. We certainly think the cycle probably has just begun. There's a lot of 
opportunity in industrial, in this cycle. You have stimulus packages that will help it in the short-term; you have also a 
lot of just industrial growth in industrial companies in emerging economies such as Asia and some of the places in 
Asia. 
Another driving factor, we think, in the industrial area is the movement to be more energy efficient, particularly to 
reduce electricity costs. So, we find that most of our industrial customers are looking at lowering the electricity bill 
paid relative to the utilization of their machinery. 

So we think there's a lot of opportunities in industrial, and we think there's a lot of growth left to take place in that. And 
then relative to how we do so well in industrial, the largest attribute we have that helps us there is our technology. 

We have a lot of very good technology that is complex and employed in the industrial areas, and they view us as a 
technology leader as well as a good supplier. So, I would say the first thing they look for is good-quality products with 
good sales support, enabling them how to employ those products. And then coupled with that, they look at the ability of 
a supplier to be both reliable and consistent. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: And then, maybe just one follow-up question, more on the consumer computing side. 
Obviously, that's a smaller part of your business, but you have said many times that there are instances where you try to 
be opportunistic in that area when opportunities come along and you just alluded to some of the tablet products that are 
now coming out. I was curious if there are any other opportunities you see in the consumer computing side in the next 
year to 18 months that might be helpful to your business as well? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we said we are strategic in that 
area, so we are always looking at some opportunities in high-end consumer and cell phone and in computer. Our 
primary emphasis is on industrial, communications infrastructure and automotive. But we really wouldn't feel 
comfortable on the call talking about what future opportunities we have in those areas. But we think the lion's share of 
our business will continue to be dominated by industrial, communications infrastructure, networking and automotive. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Okay. Thank you very much. 


Operator 

The next question will be from Uche Orji from UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Could I just ask about how we should look at – I know it's going to be 
difficult at this stage to give us full-year guidance, but any sense as to how we should think about the rest of the second 
half by way of should we expect normal seasonality, given just how strong you had your business the last two quarters 
and this quarter as well? So any idea as to what, based on your market intelligence, how we should be looking at the 
quarters out to the end of the year? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you know that this turnaround in 
the economies has been relatively quick, so looking out; we obviously have a much clearer perception of what the June 
quarter will be than we do the subsequent September and December quarters. 

However, we've had very good design-in activity throughout the past year and a half. We know, in certain end markets 
such as automotive, we can see some model-year products that we think will be coming on a little bit in the second half 
of the year, a little more so the next couple of years. 

We look at some of our products also in the communications area where we have some new products that have been 
designed in, and we see opportunity there. So we would not want to give you a forecast now for September or 
December, but we think some of these new products, new customers I had talked to you about, have got some life in 
front of them, and that should continue through the rest of this year if not longer. 

And so we don't see anything presently that causes us to throw up a red flag or brakes, but it's hard, really, to articulate 
exactly what it is that far out. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Maybe I could add something that – one of the things we see from our customers is that they are 
clearly, at a very high pace, attempting to bring new products to market. So the design activity that we see at customers 
presently is very high, and so typically that bodes well for us going forward. 

And what we're seeing presently, because of the availability of Linear's products that – at these design-in opportunities, 
I think we're getting our – more than fair share of design-ins right now, which should play out to better sales going 
forward. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Yeah, I was going to jump in and make a comment to the previous caller who asked about 
the impact of our better lead times. And as Lothar just said, actually the best is yet to come because that's affecting new 
design-ins more than it is current delivery opportunities. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: That's perfect. Just a different question, a couple of other analog companies have talked about being 
able to increase pricing. And one of – another major competitor of yours has said that literally a couple of months ago. 
Have you – do you see any benefits to your earnings this quarter from any such program? And just in general, what's 
been the customer reaction, if at all, to any attempts to increase prices? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, on our side, there really hasn't 
been any significant increase in pricing. I think the current environment is probably more favorable in terms of 
customers not coming and asking us for their quarterly and semiannual price reductions. So, I think, in general, prices 
have firmed up. 

And when I visit with customers, they are far more concerned about the product technology that we have, the 
availability of the product, and there is less discussion and concern about pricing, but presently, the improvements that 
we've shown here aren't reflective of any significant price increases. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. A different question on CapEx, your CapEx is going up... 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: We're trying to keep it to two questions 
per person and move through, if we may. 


<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, that's fine. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Romit Shah from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Hey guys, nice quarter. Paul, are the drivers this quarter different than last or do you see the 
growth continuing to be very broad based? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: You mean the June quarter, Romit? 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Yeah. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think it will continue to be broad 
based. We see the drivers being similar to the ones we had in the March quarter. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: I noticed in computing, it was up to 17% of total bookings. Do you see that coming back down 
into the mid-teens range this quarter? Is that incorporated in your guidance or is there some company specific stuff that 
may keep it elevated here in June and maybe into the second half? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I think it had been running around 12 to 
14 and now it's up to 17. I think it'll probably stay more in the range it's been in the March quarter going forward. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay, and if I could, just one last question on operating margins. You indicated that as revenues 
improve, operating margins should continue to expand. Do you have a target in mind that you'd like to share with us 
give that you're back to your prior peak margin levels? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we don't have a target, per se, 
that's an absolute number. We look at it in degrees and look at how we're performing and executing and we always 
want to make sure we spend the appropriate amount of money to grow the business, so I don't think we have any 
specific target in mind. 

We have done better than 49% operating margin, if you go back – not – our most recent peak was 49, but prior to that 
with sales a little less than what was 310 then, we did a little better, and I think we could – we can do better than 49, but 
that's a very high number and gross margin of 78% is also very high, so although I think there's some improvement 
there, it's getting harder to improve those numbers, but I think we'll be able to. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Gotcha. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

The next question will be from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, good morning, guys, congratulations. Paul, just kind of curious, on the guidance for June of 
up 7 to 10, what kind of turns assumption are you making for that guidance relative to kind of normal levels? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: During the recession our turns was about 
60% we required. Coming out of it last quarter, that dropped in the June quarter to about 50%. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then, Paul, as my follow-up, just on the deferred income to distribution, it's up about 4 million 
off the bottom but still down about 7 million from what we saw in the June quarter. I guess given what you think you 
can do with lead times, the CapEx you're adding, where do you think that number might trend? Are we just going to see 
structurally lower deferred to distribution because of your ability to meet customer demand? Or help me understand 
that. 


<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, you're correct in your analysis. 
Our turns business – the turns percentages have picked up, both domestically and internationally and we've been 
consistently improving those throughout the recession and in the last two quarters. I don't think those can get much 
better than where they are now, the turns. So I think what will probably happen is our inventory in those channels will 
grow in concert with how their business going out grows so that I doubt we'll build inventory at those places. I think 
we'll more match inventory with what they're shipping out. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Perfect, thanks guys, congratulations again. 

Operator 

Our next question will be from Tore Svanberg with Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yes, thank you, and great quarter. My first question, Paul, can you just go back to the four 
reasons why you had such a great quarter and can you maybe qualitatively talk about what was more important than the 
other? I'm just trying to understand how much of your growth is coming from your new customers and new product 
ramps. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think the largest is the existing 
customer base, as the existing customer base started to get back to more normal production levels, and they needed 
more inventory and more product from us as they had reduced furloughs, shutdowns, et cetera, in their factories. 

So I would say that probably the largest part of the increase was attributable to that and I told you our business in the 
distribution channels in Europe, Asia, Japan and the USA all grew. So I think that would be representative of that. 

A more than normal growth, though, was due to new customers. So I think we experienced more new customers this 
quarter, some large, many small whereby we have new opportunities that look like they will be ongoing. So that was 
bigger than I've seen in a while. 

And then the other – another attribute was new products to existing customers. That was also pretty robust in this 
quarter in that some of the improvement we had was new customers – existing customers, not new. Existing customers 
in different end markets employed more of our products in more of their products – some new products that came out 
from them, and then some new models that might have come out with them. 

And then probably the least of the four, in fact the least contributing of the four factors but one I did want to mention to 
you, so you get a little bit of a sense of where we are in the recession as Linear sees it – some customers that really 
hadn't ordered at all in a while started to order again. 

And we saw more of that in the industrial side and to give you an example, something like ATE equipment – those 
guys, some of them whom we hadn't seen in quite a while, resurfaced with some reasonable. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: That's great. And my second question: if you look at the capital additions for next quarter, how 
much revenue capacity will you have at this point? And is that also efficient to keep your lead times here in the four to 
six-week range? Thank you. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Certainly, it's our goal to keep our lead times in the four to six-week range. As we've said 
in the past, the company has the sort of bricks and mortar capacity to support $2 billion a year, so significantly more 
than where we are at presently. 

And also, Paul said that, during the downturn, we really kept all of our manufacturing capacity in place. We let very 
few of our manufacturing personnel go, so we were able to pretty quickly respond to the pickup in business. 

And so as we need to grow, all we have to do is add capital equipment, production capital equipment and people and 
that's presently what we are doing and we can respond, as the business improves, by just adding additional capital and 
additional people and this uptick in capital orders that we are seeing right now are going to support our growth in the 


current quarter as well as in subsequent quarters as well. We will start receiving this capital equipment. Some of it is 
actually here already; some of it will arrive this quarter; and anticipate all of it being here by the next quarter. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Thank you. Again, great quarter. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Doug Freedman with Broadpoint. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great, guys, thanks for taking my question. Paul, in the past you've been able to give us a 
breakdown of the revenues by product segment: power management, data converter. How is that looking? Have there 
been any changes? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: That was very consistent with the 
previous quarter. So that we had a little more than, or about 60% of our business was power, about 20% was mixed 
signal which include A-to-Ds, D-to-As, products like that. And then the remaining, roughly a little less than 20%, 
would have been in the signal conditioning and the RF areas. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Terrific. And did you – historically, you guys have, at the peaks of cycles, taken sort of 
inventory charges for overproducing and running your factories a little hot. Any inventory charges this quarter, or do 
you expect to take any next quarter? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we're always conservative with 
how we value inventory. We're in a volatile business and we've always wanted to be on the safe side of that. So that, 
certainly the quarter we just completed, we were also quite careful to make sure we took adequate inventory reserves to 
make sure we're quite comfortable with those numbers. So we did take some in the March quarter. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Terrific, and – sorry, go ahead. Was there more to that? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: ... inventory reserves a bit in the March 
quarter. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: So the number we reported is a net 
number. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. So that's my two questions. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Christopher Danely with JPMorgan Securities. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: Thanks guys. It seems like the gross margins are almost back to the previous peak. Can you just 
talk a little bit about how you expect gross margins to trend following this quarter, and then also maybe talk about 
utilization rates and your expectations there? 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Yeah, we're – the gross margins did improve 1.9%. That's getting to be a pretty high 
number for us. I don't think it's the end. I think we still have some opportunities, as the business grows, to better absorb 
some of the fixed costs. So I still see there's some improvements there. And so, we're pretty happy having these types 
of gross margins. 


<Q - Chris Danely>: Do you think you can get above the previous peak? I think it was in the 78.2% or 3 or 4% range. 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: I think that's very possible. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: And then as my follow-up, so you talked about the ability to gain share with your lead times 
being lower than your competitors. Your competitors have also talked about wanting to bring down their lead times. Do 
you see the competitors bringing down their lead times? And when that happens, how will that impact your business? 
How can you hold on to these share gains? 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: For us, the lead times is probably a third or fourth order benefit. I think the biggest 
benefit we have, and will continue to benefit going forward, is getting design-ins at customers that are going to go into 
production in the next several quarters and maybe even the next few years. So the fact that lead times of our 
competitors were bad and are going to get better maybe in the future is really not that big of an impact for us. 

Our customers are pretty confident that we're able to get them product on time. There's not a big motivation for them to 
give us a bunch of orders because they're worried about lead time. And I think really the biggest benefit that we have, 
and we'll continue to get, is customers are worried about getting product and they know they can get it for us – from us, 
so we are winning a lot of design wins that are going to pay off in the future. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Steve Smigie with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - J. Steven Smigie>: Great, thank you. Just turning back to your operating expenses again, I mean it does seem like 
the SG&A is pretty close to previous peaks. It seems like R&D, there might be a little bit of room left to do some 
improvement, just by my math anyway. So I was just curious. Do you try to constrain R&D spending at this point to 
get back to your percentages as revenue increases, or given the fact that you are capturing some share here with your 
capacity, do you continue to push the R&D dollars to try to pick up some extra business there in customers? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: As the business declined during the economic crisis, we were obviously very conservative on our 
R&D spending. As business is picking up, I think we are going to loosen up a little bit and start to invest a little bit 
more in R&D. So, I don't think you're going to see a huge shift either way in terms of R&D spending, but kind of on 
the margin, I think you'll see we're going to probably do some more investments in R&D. 

<Q - J. Steven Smigie>: Okay. And then just on OpEx overall, you indicated that it's going to go down as a percentage 
going forward, but you also said that you're past any restrictions at this point on profit-sharing and any stuff you'd 
backed off on. Is there a quarter where we could see OpEx as a percentage pop back up, even though the general trend 
is down, or is it this quarter going forward it's most likely going to be down? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I'm not sure I followed the question. The 
past quarter, operating expenses increased by 9 million. 

<Q - J. Steven Smigie>: I was talking a percentage basis. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: You mean the percentage as they relate 
to percentage of sales, or the absolute percentage of increase in costs? 

<Q - J. Steven Smigie>: As a percentage of sales. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: My guess is as we – if – we have given 
you guidance for next quarter, which would be up 7 to 10%. If we achieve that, which we think we will, our 
percentages would come down. We won't spend as quickly in the R&D and SG&A areas as growing sales 7 to 10%. 
But in absolute dollars, I think those numbers, expense numbers will go up. As Lothar said, we will invest in some 
areas. 


<Q - J. Steven Smigie>: Perfect. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question will be from Sumit Dhanda with Bank of America Securities. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Yes, hi. Paul, I had just one question. As we look at your operating margin numbers, clearly 
very impressive. The question I had was, as you look at your revenue run rate, at similar revenue run rates in the past, 
you've grown roughly similar operating margins. But as I recall it, when we had the recession, you'd RIF'ed close to 
10% of the workforce. So I guess my question is, as the upturn has materialized, has the thought process been to 
manage to an operating margin target? Because I would have thought you would've gotten more leverage as you return 
to prior peak revenues. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Wow, you're disappointed in these 
numbers? From an expense standpoint, I'm surprised. But what we do is, we first of all run the business the way we 
think is most effective to run it, so that we don't have a financial operating margin goal that we feel obligated to reach 
at the expense of making the appropriate investments to grow the business. On the other hand, we've always been 
frugal in what we do. When we do grow the business, we expect good returns and we expect to be able to afford it 
quickly through the P&L. 

So we do not have an absolute number that we're trying to reach. What we are telling you is that, while growing the 
head count and growing the expense base to optimize our opportunities, we will increase costs. But at least while we're 
growing at the 7 to 10% range, we think that increase will result in actually more favorable percentages relative to 
sales. But the absolute number, we don't have a number written on the wall that's a goal that we have to meet. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Mark Lipacis from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Great, thanks for taking my question. Paul, I think there was $390 million of long-term debt 
moved into the short-term debt. Is the idea to pay that down, or do you think about refinancing that, or put in some kind 
of revolver? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, the debt that moves in from 
long-term to short-term to reflects when we're required to make the payment. So this November, we are required to pay 
down one of the two converts, which has about 396 to – 396 million left and it is our intention to pay that down at the 
present time. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Okay, so that's a use of cash, okay. And then the... 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Use of cash in November. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Okay, good. And then, I think there was a question earlier on utilization. I don't know if I caught 
what the answer is. Could you repeat that, please? 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Just briefly, what I mentioned earlier is, and we've said in the past is, the Company's 
capacity for supporting manufacturing is in the range of $2 billion a year in kind of a bricks and mortar fashion. To 
support the growth in sales, all presently we have to do is add employees, direct labor and capital equipment for 
production and so, from a bricks and mortar standpoint, we have a lot of headroom. And to support near-term growth 
this quarter and subsequent quarters, what we're doing is, we're just adding capital equipment and labor, and we're 
keeping up with the growth in sales. 


<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Okay, so from an equipment standpoint, you're fairly fully utilized then. Is that fair to assume, 
then? 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: I would say that's fair to say. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Robert Pickover with CREF Investments. 

<Q - Manish Goyal>: Yes, hi, it is Manish Goyal. I would like to understand roughly what percent of your 20% 
sequential growth came from these new customers who were attracted because you have inventory available, you are a 
reliable supplier? And earlier there was a question, why do you feel confident that you will be able to keep these 
customers, and why these customers are not price sensitive because if they have not really been Linear customers in the 
past, what will prevent them to go back to your competitors once their availability improves? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Let me just comment to that. You know, I would say the growth that we saw was largely through 
our existing customer base. The business that we picked up because we have available product is probably relatively 
small and the reason for that is that most of the products that we have are proprietary products, so there's not the 
capability, just because we can build it, that they can substitute our parts for a competitor's part. Typically, that doesn't 
happen very often and even if there is some overlap, the design-in time and qualification is relatively long. So, for most 
of the growth that we are seeing presently, it's not related to the fact that we have the ability to deliver product with 
short lead time. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Manish, what we tried to explain in 
answering previously the question is that we get an advantage in design-in activity. Some of that was relatively 
short-term, in that there were some examples, although not high in dollars, where someone designed someone else out 
and designed us in. There are more examples, as Lothar mentioned to you before, that we got design-ins that will show 
up six months, three months, a year, two years and continue to come into our sales base because a customer – it's a 
large segment of the customers, that are the medium-sized customers, found us to be a very reliable supplier when they 
had some problems in other areas. So, that was part of what led to the growth. 

There was also some new customers that we got that were attracted because we had unique solutions to problems that 
they had. And those are booked in the quarter and represent real business and a percentage the increase in bookings. 
But those two were one sector of the four sectors that we talked about that led to the growth in our bookings. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Yes, the new customer involvement had little to do with delivery issues. Had to do with unique 
products and the focus of the company during the last three to four years. 

<Q - Manish Goyal>: Right, thank you. 

Operator 

The next question will be from David Wu with GC Research. 

<Q - David Wu>: This is a question for Lothar. Lothar, in the last conference call, I asked a question about how do 
you rank, how do you rate your customers' confidence in the business in the immediate future that they could see. If 
you were to rank them by one through nine, or one through five rather, since your revenue level is back to where we 
were prior to the Lehman Brothers meltdown. So we're back to about 18 months, did a round trip in terms of revenues, 
but I was thinking, from your perspective talking to customers, what is the sense of the confidence in the business 
outlook for the next, let's say, three to six months? 


<A - Lothar Maier>: That's a good question. You know, it's a little bit hard for me to say what's in the heads of our 
customers, but what I can tell you is what I hear from traveling and meeting with customers, what our sales people are 
saying who are customer-facing. And the customer base, I would say universally, is scrambling to put new products. I 
think there's some sense of optimism that the worst is behind them and that, going forward, for them to be competitive 
in the marketplace, they've got to have compelling new products. 

And so, really virtually across the entire customer base, there is this need to bring to market new products. So, I don't 
know how that relates to confidence, but I know there's a big push of new products. And we are just fortunate, in this 
particular juncture, that we've got some pretty compelling new products, and we've got the ability to deliver them to the 
customers. And so, there's sort of a perfect storm of alignment for Linear Technology right now. 

<Q - David Wu>: The follow-up question, Lothar, is that if we are getting – if you are getting such a – better than your 
fair share number of design wins in new products, what kind of a lag time would we have to wait before we see it in top 
line growth? Turbo boost to your top line, other than a normal economic cycle? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Yes, its fortunately for us, it's going to be spread over time, because there are certain 
applications that we get a design-in that can go into production in three to six months. There's design-ins in the 
industrial and the automotive marketplace that may not happen for a year or two. So, I think the benefit we're going to 
see is going to be sprinkled over time and is not going to be sort of a one or two-quarter phenomena. It's something we 
are going to be able to milk for several years. 

<Q - David Wu>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hi, guys; very nice job on the results. Congrats. My first question is, you've mentioned 
engineering support as a source of differentiation. Can you talk a little bit more about that? How do you differentiate 
yourself with your engineering support? What do you do differently versus, say, TI or Maxim? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Yes, one of the things that Linear has is a very technical sales team. Our sales engineers are 
really our engineers, and then to back up the sales engineers, we have very skilled analog engineers. And particularly as 
our customers went through this downturn, they, like many companies, downsized and to some extent, they let a lot of 
their own internal engineering talent go and they become more and more dependent on their suppliers to provide this 
engineering support. And so probably more so than ever in the past, they look – our customers look to their suppliers to 
give them engineering help. And we've got a long, 20-plus year experience of doing that, and we've got probably some 
of the best analog engineers in the company and we are taking advantage of that right now. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you. And then I guess, as the next question, on the capital expenditure front, it sounds like 
you guys are going to spend 45 or 50 million in the quarter, if my math is right. Can you just talk about that and why 
the massive increase? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Well, we did grow 21% last quarter, so it's given us confidence that we are going to be able to 
invest in capital equipment and use that to grow the business. I think part of the reason we are investing a little bit 
heavier now is that one of the things that's happening with capital equipment during times like this, is lead times go out. 
So we are also obviously buying capital equipment in anticipation of extending lead times. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: And then last question. You sort of talked about this a little bit, but can you just maybe more 
directly address how much of your product offering or revenues would you say is fungible with that of your peers, like 
TI, a Maxim or a National? 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Almost none. There is no overlap, pin-for-pin replacement, very, very little. There's always – 
even in our business, even if there is a part that, if you read the data sheet and it looks like it runs the same, in most 
cases, you can't unplug one part and put the other in, because there's oftentimes subtle differences. So, we don't have a 


tremendous amount of overlap. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: And then last one, can you just... 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Excuse me, that doesn't mean the 
customer, when he is designing in, doesn't have a choice. He has our solution, which might be different than a 
competitor's solution, but he may pick a competitor's solution because of price or some other reason. So we don't want 
you to think we don't have any competition. It's just once the socket's nailed... 

<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: Once the boot – the design is committed to, then it's that IC that wins that socket until the 
boot is re-spun. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: I see. Last one, you talked a lot about some of these new product wins that you're in. Can you 
talk a little bit more about maybe what specific devices you're in and any names that you can drop? Thanks. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, for us, there is – the growth we 
saw was across all geographies, all end markets. And we don't really have any homerun products. We have thousands 
of very successful products that just get designed broadly in everywhere. So there are no one-hit wonders that's driving 
this. It's just general success with the products. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: We have a singles and doubles and occasionally a triple off the wall business. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Congratulations, guys. 

Operator 

Moving along, we'll hear from Shawn Webster with Macquarie. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, thank you and congrats on the quarter. As far as the outlook for your -- this current 
quarter in June, do you have a plan or expectation for what your inventory dollars will do sequentially, as well as you 
lead times? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I don't think we have a plan, but 
certainly our expectation is that there is probably not going to be a huge change either in lead times or inventory. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And then in the Wireless infrastructure, obviously over the course of the March quarter 
there was a lot of comments in terms of carrier CapEx cuts out in China. Could you share with us what you think your 
exposure is to that end market and why you think there is the apparent disconnect in the strong growth in your bookings 
versus what they are talking about in terms of the CapEx cuts? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Certainly for us we've also heard 
about the potential for Chinese spending to be reduced in the infrastructure -- cellular infrastructure business, but 
countering that what we're presently seeing is that even though China maybe down we're seeing other geographies 
coming on strongly and I think in many ways compensating for the decline we're seeing in Japan or in China. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Are there any other – are there any notable geographies? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: In North America, the access to all these 
data phones that are out there right now, it's kind of legendary about how poor access there is, and so clearly all of the 
carriers are scrambling to put 3G, 4G, higher-bandwidth base stations out there. So clearly there is opportunities that 
we are seeing there. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 


Operator 

The next question will be from Terence Whalen with Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hi. Thanks for fitting me in. This one is on distribution. Just a point of clarification, so it 
looks like deferred went up about 10% sequentially. You also said that inventory in U.S. distribution went up. Are we 
to assume that the increase in distribution was actually higher than the increase in American point-of-sale? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: No, that's probably not a good – that's 
not an accurate conclusion. The point-of-sale increase in U.S. distribution was higher than my inventory increase into 
the distribution channel. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. And then lastly, I think on your press release you said that overall distribution days 
went down and are still below normal levels. I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more granularity by 
region, what regions are most below normal levels and maybe which are a little bit closer. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, every region is probably below 
our historic normal level. The regions which are most below our historic normal level would be in the international 
distribution areas, led by Japan and followed by Asia and Europe. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: That's helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

The next question will be from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Hi, thanks. You guys have been doing a very good job right through the cycle, especially 
on the margin front and keeping your lead times steady. Paul, you had a comment earlier on you're not seeing any red 
flags yet. Just a clarification, and I know I get it wrong all the time. I just wanted to understand from you folks what – 
just address the ranking order. What do you look at when you look at your business? And also, whether it is channel 
inventory or customer buying patterns or OEM versus distribution, versus contract inventory, what are you looking at 
when you say okay, this causes me a little bit of concern? Thanks. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we have a very actively involved 
production control group that looks at ordering patterns from customers. And then, many customers, we design the 
product in at a customer, and that customer would have the product manufactured at a subcontractor, for example. So if 
we see a disconnect between what the manufacturer is telling us what they think their business will grow and how the 
subcontractor in that particular instance is ordering, we will try to reconcile that. 

And oftentimes both the subcontractor and the customer are quite pleased with us for raising that and discussing it. So 
one of the things we look at are these order patterns and their consistency. We look at things like push-outs and 
pull-ins; it's another thing we look at. We look at questions on our lead times, like if people are saying are your lead 
times going to remain the same? Are you confident with them? If they give us what they believe their rate of business 
will be beyond what they are presently ordering and just tell us they are going to order within our lead times but this is 
what they see overall, those are some of the factors we look at when we look at business overall to ascertain whether 
we think inventory is building up or whether there's swings in the momentum of business. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: That helps, Paul. Just to refresh our memory, what would you classify as a normal level 
for channel inventory? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Normal level – you mean like for our 
distribution inventory? 


<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Right. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Turns probably in the four – or 
depending on the distributor. If it's a distributor that has a broad cross-section of our product, he would need a lower 
turns than a distributor that would have a very narrow cross-section of our product. So, it's always hard to answer 
questions like that because you are actually managing not only inventory channels in different countries which have 
different attributes, but you may have more than one distributor in that country. So you really need to manage these 
things more carefully than just one general overall turns. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: But if you just take -


<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: That's why we are kind of hesitant to 
give turns numbers and stuff that you guys run with then and extrapolate across broad – a whole broad swath of our 
business when it is really much more granular. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: I understand. Just if you look at the 80, 20 rule and say the big distributors, the ones who 
account for a majority of your business, what – if you just look at that channel, what should be the normal level of 
inventory there? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, the 80, 20 rule frankly doesn't 
work in that case. Like we have a large distributor who is Arrow, but Arrow is both a domestic distributor and an 
international distributor. They are an international distributor in different international geographies. So their local 
inventory turns may be different depending which country they are in. So it's not that easy to give you a – I mean we 
could give you 


<A - Robert Swanson, Jr.>: But it's not ten times turns and it's not two times turns. It's for a broad-based customer 
servicing the 39 flavors company like Linear. It's like in the three to five, something like that. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay, that is very helpful. Thank you, guys. 

Operator 

We do have a follow-up question from Uche Orji with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Hello? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Uche, go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Yes, yes, I just wanted to – most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to follow up on 
a specific market. We saw a transaction between Maxim and Teridian on smart meters. I just wanted to find out what 
your effort is in this market. Is it something that you're looking at, and if so, any thoughts, as to what your focus is 
there? 

Related to that also, within your R&D spend, you kept mentioning new products. If you can give me a little bit more 
granular detail as to what the R&D spend is because then that would just be my follow-up question. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: We'll split it. Lothar will answer half; I 
will answer half. How's that? And you get a dose of both of us. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thanks. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Relative to the metering business, that's 
not a big business for us. I think that's a business that ADI is strong in and now I understand Maxim just bought a 
company that is in that business, but that's not a big business for us. Relative to new products, I will let Lothar talk to 
you about this. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. 


<A - Lothar Maier>: We are obviously always focused on our new products. Probably the most significant thing that's 
happened in the last several years here at Linear is, as we've talked about refocusing our business away from the 
consumer-oriented part of the marketplace and refocusing it onto the industrial, the automotive, the computer markets, 
the communications markets, it's also had a significant influence on the types of new products that we make. 

If you look at the types of products that we are introducing right now, quite frankly I would say they are obviously 
targeted more for markets we are focused into, and I think there is probably a bigger innovation to those new products. 
So I think our engineers are being challenged to bring more innovative products to the market and I think we are, in the 
last couple of years, doing a pretty good job there. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: That's helpful. Can I just ask you a follow-up on 4G and also on 3G in India? I know part of your 
communication business of course spans into all the comm. infrastructure business. Within India that – has there been 
any sense of any buildup of inventory ahead of the 3G licensing? And also any comments you can make about any 
impact on your comms business from China CapEx costs? And along those lines also, any talk about the preparations 
for 4G? That's really my last question. Thank you. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Yes, specifically when we sell product to a manufacturer that builds base stations, but we 
oftentimes don't know where that's going to go. So specifically if the base station is going to go to India, China, Japan, 
the U.S., we oftentimes don't know that. But I think the good news for us is that we are designed into virtually every 
base station manufacturer that is out there. So, whoever is successful, I think we are going to do well. So that's one 
thing. 

And the other thing, you asked about China, and somebody had asked earlier, we are also aware that there is some 
waning of demand right now for base stations in China, but our sense is there are other places that are picking up that 
slack. We believe there is a big movement presently to expand 3G and 4G capacity in North America as the use of high 
data phones expands. So where maybe it is declining in China, our sense is that slack is being picked up in other places 
in the world. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Next question will be a follow-up from Doug Freedman with Broadpoint. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great and hopefully this is a pretty easy one for you, Paul, but is it safe to say that you have 
rented the hall and can I ask what band you've hired? 

[Laughter]. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, it's probably safe to say that we did 
rent the hall and some of us – Bob wants to get the Eagles. The rest of us are saying they're too old, but – no, I'm just 
kidding. We haven't picked a band yet. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: No cheap champagne this time. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: But that's a nice closing question, thank 
you. 

<A - Lothar Maier>: Thank you. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Take care, guys. 

Operator 


The next question will be from Craig Ellis with Caris & Company. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks for taking the question. Paul, how should we think about capital expenditures for fiscal 
2011? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Craig, we are just looking at that now, 
so we actually don't have a good number to give you at the moment. We are looking at that. As you understand from 
our earlier comments, the whole capital acquisition climate has changed in the last three to four months, so we are 
looking at that, looking at lead times. And I think it will be certainly up from this year but we haven't picked a number 
yet. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay. And then June's growth of 20%, 50% better than any other quarter I could find in 2000 or 
2003. What's so different this cycle than those past two very strong cycles for Linear Tech? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Excuse me, your question referred to 
June growth of 20%. You mean March? 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Forgive me that, the March quarter, Paul, March quarter. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: I think all of the cycles are different. I 
mean, they originate differently. The cycle in early 2000 came after a dot-com bust. The dot-com bust was concentrated 
in the build out of the Internet. The economic situation we have here in 2010 resulted from a worldwide credit 
recession, which – a financially driven recession which we hadn't experienced. You go back into the 90s, there was a 
Korean currency issue, so all of them are different. And we find that we don't spend a lot of time analyzing the old ones 
to see how reflective they are on the new one. It's just different product, product drivers, there's some customers that 
have gone that existed then; there's some new customers. It's just we are actually much more focused on the present 
than trying to look at it relative to historical events and extrapolate based on historical events, to be quite frank with 
you. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: All right, thanks, guys. 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. 

Operator 

Next question will be from Blayne Curtis with Jefferies. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Two questions – first, in your industrial base, 
largely through disti, small customers you've see many of these cycles, you are generally on the conservative side. How 
do you stress test this large order book as you look into June here? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we said to you there are some 
drivers we think that are more prevalent now, this whole energy efficiency from a saving money standpoint. We think 
the industrial sector was – probably didn't have as much growth in the past six or seven years as people expected, so we 
think there's some pent-up demand in that in there. We just look at maybe we are going into a cycle that's going to be a 
little more industrial-driven than consumer-driven. 

And then there's some stimulus money that can impact industrial. There's build outs of – there's factories, etcetera that 
are needed to support build outs. So we look at all of that. On your question of stress testing, testing in the long-term, 
we think there's some opportunity that I just discussed. In the short term, we look at inventory levels. We look at turns 
at distributors. We look at the bookings on them. You can see all of that is pretty lean except for the bookings on them, 
which is pretty strong. So we look at all those factors. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Then in your computing business, you clearly have a tablet win that is giving you some 
strength there. This is a business that you've been opportunistic. Has something changed here leading to these new 


ramps? Is it mainly this one win, or are you taking advantage of shorter lead times? What has changed in computing? 

<A - Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I don't think you should focus on 
one win. Remember, it was 14% of our business and now it has went up a few points. So we've had some lots of 
opportunities, we think, in computer that we've taken advantage of. Now, we have another opportunity, and that's 
helping us, but there's not been a strategic change here. Again, what we do is we have some very, very good power 
products that certain computer companies value who are trying to sell to their customer base feature-rich product and 
unique products. So those opportunities continue. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Thanks, Paul. 

Operator 

And at this time, we have no further questions in the queue. I will now turn things back over to Mr. Coghlan for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Paul Coghlan, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Well, thank you very much for your attention. As we said when we started the call, this was a great quarter for us. We 
feel business is strong. We feel the recession has certainly – we've moved from a recessionary environment to a growth 
environment much more dramatically than we would have thought a few months ago. We are pleased, more pleased to 
be in this environment than that environment. We thank you for your attention and hope you all have a good day. 
Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Again, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


