Q1 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
Other Participants 

• Jeff D. Wlodarczak 
• Barton Crockett 
• James M. Ratcliffe 
• Vijay Jayant 
• Benjamin D. Swinburne 
• Bryan D. Kraft 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• John P. Tinker 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Liberty Media First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Courtnee Ulrich, Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Good morning. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about 
business strategies, market potential, future financial performance, new service and product launches, the issuance and 
trading of the Series C common stock, the proposed spinoff of Liberty Broadband and other matters that are not 
historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in market 
acceptance of new product or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, our ability to satisfy the conditions to both 
the proposed spinoff and the distribution of our Series C shares and continued access to capital on terms acceptable to 
Liberty Media. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein 
to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary notes and Schedules 1 through 6 can be found at the end of this 


presentation. 

And now I'd like to introduce Liberty's President and CEO, Greg Maffei. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee. Good morning. Today speaking on the call we'll also have Liberty's CFO, Chris Shean. This 
morning we announced our plan to distribute via dividend two shares of Series C non-voting stock, ticker LMCK, for 
each share of LMCA and LMCB. We expect to distribute these C shares early in the third quarter. We also plan to spin 
off Liberty Broadband Group into a newly formed public trading company to be called Liberty Broadband. This 
supersedes our prior plan to create a Liberty Broadband tracker. Our rationale is we hope to offer investors greater 
choice, provide enhanced transparency and believe it is well timed with Charter's recent agreements with Comcast. 

Each A, B and C shareholder of Liberty Media will receive one Liberty Broadband share for every four Liberty Media 
shares that they own. In addition, we will give a subscription right to acquire one share of Liberty Broadband C share 
for every five shares of Liberty Broadband received in the spin-off. I know that the math is complicated and we will 
have plenty of time to work through it as we first do the dividend, then complete the Liberty Broadband spin-off. We 
expect to get this spin-off done prior to the end of this year. 

In addition, I'd note that Liberty Media bought 879,000 incremental Charter shares for $124.5 million, resulting in our 
owning 26.4% of the beneficial ownership of Charter's equity. Those incremental shares will also be attributed to the 
Liberty Broadband Company. 

On to the operational highlights. At SiriusXM we reported strong Q1 results. They increased subscribers to 25.8 
million. Q1 revenue was up 11% to just under $1 billion. Q1 adjusted EBITDA was up 28% to a record $335 million. 
In addition, they repurchased 158 million shares from January 1 through April 25 as they resumed their buyback, 
including $340 million worth of shares from Liberty Media. They also issued $1.5 billion of 6% senior notes due in 
2024. I'd note even with this incremental debt issuance, Sirius leverage today is about 2.8 times, well below their 4 
times target. 

At Live Nation, they reported very solid Q1 results across all lines of business. Concert attendance was up 11%, 
revenue was up over 22% to $1.1 billion and AOI, adjusted operating income, was up over 56%. They and we are very 
excited about the launch of the Live Nation Channel, a collaboration with Yahoo!, which is expected to debut this 
summer. 

Charter reported strong Q1 operating results as well as a series of transactions with Comcast. Highlights from the first 
quarter include: residential revenue being up 6.5% on a pro forma basis, commercial revenue being up 20% on a pro 
forma basis and blended total revenue was up 7.5%, again pro forma, to $2.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was up 7.3% 
pro forma and residential PSUs were up 206,000 units pro forma, driven by continued strength in internet and video. 
Video turned positive to the [ph] tune of 18,000 units in the (5:52) quarter. Commercial PSUs were up 14,000 pro 
forma, again driven by internet and phone strength offset by modest video losses of about 5,000. 

Charter's agreement with Comcast was very exciting and notably includes that Charter will acquire 1.4 million existing 
TWC subs for about $7.3 billon. Charter and Comcast will execute a tax efficient asset transfer of 1.6 million subs 
each. And Comcast will spin off 2.5 million subs into a new public entity, which Charter will manage and own a third 
of. In aggregate, these transactions will make Charter the second-largest cable company in the U.S., owning or 
managing 8.2 million subs. We were very excited about this transaction for the improved clustering, the reduced 
competition with FiOS, the relative lessening of exposure to [ph] RSMs (6:51) and the attractive price at which the deal 
is to be executed. These transactions are subject to various closing conditions, including but not limited to the 
completion of the Comcast TWC merger. 

And turning internally to Liberty Media. During the quarter we paid down $670 million of our outstanding margin 
loans. And additionally, after the quarter end, we announced the sale of our 90% stake in Barnes & Noble and we 
completed, as we have previously noted, our sale of shares back to SiriusXM. 


Chris Shean will detail how these actions have improved our liquidity. Chris? 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

I'll turn it to you. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Just a reminder that even though we consolidate SiriusXM, perhaps a better view of their results and a better place to 
do your analysis is in their publicly filed documents and on the information that's included on their website. 

At quarter end, Liberty had cash and liquid investments of $377 million and a principle amount of debt of $4.7 billion, 
which includes the debt balances of SiriusXM and a portion of the margin loans entered into as part of the Charter 
Communications investment. Included in the $377 million in cash and liquid investments at March 31 was $121 
million held at SiriusXM. Liberty's cash and liquid investments excluding that amount was $256 million. And then if 
you pro forma adjust for the sale of our 90% stake in Barnes & Noble and the SiriusXM share sales that occurred 
subsequent to the end of the quarter, Liberty's corporate balance of cash and liquid investments was $846 million. 

Now with that, I'll turn it over to Greg for some concluding remarks. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Chris. We were quite pleased with the results of all of our businesses and the performance of our 
investments. We appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media. And with that, operator, I'd like to open it up to 
questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jeff Wlodarczak from Pivotal Research. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Good morning, Greg. I wanted to get your thoughts on the attractiveness of Sirius current 
valuation and the outlook after the [ph] 25% pullback off ties (9:36). And then can you also comment on the fact that 
SIRI, by taking leverage to their target of 4 times, as you just mentioned, and using free cash flow, at least on my 
numbers could retire the vast majority of their float over the next three or so half years, even if you take out your high 
base of shares. And is that an attractive alternative, or does SIRI need to keep its powder dry for deals? And then I have 
one follow up. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well I think – thanks, Jeff. I think the SIRI management team has noted and the SIRI board 
has noted the pullback. And I think you've seen increased activity on the repurchase, which had been stalled because of 
our potential transaction with them, which had caused them to freeze their repurchases. Now the door is open. They 
have, as you know, released some of the restrictions they had around leverage, both because of the creation of the 
holding company and because they were able to make two of the issues investment grade. They've gone out and created 
incremental liquidity through the issuance of that $1.5 billion of debt. So I think they are very aware of the relative 


attractiveness of the stock and have refueled their capability to execute on that thought. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: And the outlook for the business, you feel confident? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think the business is doing quite well. By all measures, Q1 was an excellent quarter. The 
only one which did not meet some analysts' expectations was new subscribers from new cars. I think in general, 
management has well articulated why some of those things are happening, including some of the reasons that it's 
related to the GM contract switching maybe that needs to be absorbed in the marketplace. I think as we head into Q2, 
those numbers about new subscribers feel very good. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Great. And then as you think about monetizing your high basis Sirius shares, is it 
reasonable to assume that you would think about [ph] flowing (11:36) those down on a pro rata basis, maybe as part of 
a more aggressive Sirius share repurchase? And then just to confirm, your remaining high basis Sirius shares are about 
$1.25 billion at current share price levels? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So, Jeff, we first have announced no incremental plans to sell. And I'd have to say, right 
now, given what their liquidity we created through a series of actions at Liberty, I don't see that as being our first 
priority. Not to say that we couldn't choose, but if we did, I think it's highly unlikely to imagine that we would do any 
more than pro rata, i.e., e would not decrease our ownership percentage from here, whatever happened. I think it's more 
likely that we will be having our ownership percentage go up because of their more aggressive buyback actions and our 
lack of action. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Great. And then the $1.25 billion, is that the right number for what you've got left of the 
high basis shares? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: $1.25 billion market value? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: At market or cost? 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: At market. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: It's around there. Maybe a little bit... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah, I think it's a little higher than that. But $1.3 billion, maybe $1.4 billion at market. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Okay. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: That's obviously at cost. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Thanks very much. Very helpful. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Barton Crockett from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you. I wanted to probe a little bit more on the structure change here, you 
know, the core of it is really going from a tracking stock for Broadband to an actual stock. You guys obviously have 
more experience with tracking stocks that just about anyone on the planet. So in your opinion, what does that 
functionally do to both equities ability to do anything in terms of raising capital, doing transactions? And what in your 
opinion should it do in terms of investor sentiment? How material do you think that elimination of tracking stock kind 
of overhang can be? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Good question, Barton. And I think there's some things we can think, but not yet know. In 
general, we've been very enthusiastic with tracking stocks and found them to be quite efficient and effective in 
achieving some of our goals. But there are investors who find them less attractive, so theoretically removing the 
negative halo, at least in some people's minds, that the tracking stocks should be a positive on valuations. 


It does point out that a trend that we have been doing over time and continue to move forward on, which is when we 
think that it should stand well on their own, would trade well on their own, would benefit from having their own 
currency, we attempt to create those, whether it be DIRECTV or Liberty Interactive, or STARZ and now Charter 
Liberty Broadband, primarily representing our Charter stock. Capital raising if the valuations are more complete and 
full, should be more effective as well. And you're seeing some of that in our actions to create incremental capacity via 
the subscription right at Liberty Broadband. 

You're also seeing us trying to create flexibility on incremental capital raising, whether it be through in the marketplace 
or through acquisition by the creation of the non-voting C or K shares. And I think that combination of asset-backed 
securities with – that represent cleaner representations of the business, businesses below and inside, and those K shares 
should give us quite a lot of flexibility on capital raising. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And then to go back to the topic of essentially combining with SIRI, does this 
separation, full separation into separate companies, does that make it easier to maybe revisit that idea at some point in 
the future? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Perhaps to the degree our valuation more accurately reflects the net asset value of the 
underlying components, that's a positive. I think, frankly, it's most important to get SIRI moving again, that it's difficult 
to transact with SIRI when it's well below its all-time high. And some of the actions that SIRI will take, I think Jeff 
previously noted, if SIRI continues to repurchase and we just hold still, much of what we're seeking to achieve in the 
proposed merger will be accomplished anyway. So we'll see how that goes. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Great. Then if I can have just one other kind of detailed question. The new structure for 
Broadband as a separate stock, it would seem to have everything that you said was going to be in the tracker, with 
maybe one kind of small difference, which is before you envisioned some type of note payable between the tracker and 
Liberty Media. Here that doesn't seem to exist. Am I correct in saying that that's the only change? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: That is the only change. And that's largely because inside a tracker it's easy to affect some 
of those transactions and with a separate equity, so it's as much tax motivated and what's permitted inside a spin is not. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: As usual, we're going to blame Albert. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from James Ratcliffe from Buckingham Research. Your line is open. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. To follow up on structural questions around 
Broadband versus I guess Liberty Media, have you thought about and can you talk about the allocation of liquidity 
between the two entities? It sounded like in the previous structure you'd have a lot of cash and a lot of intercompany 
debt sitting at Broadband so you could move it back. But now that you're going to essentially have to make that 
allocation and stick with it between the two, where do you think the liquidity needs to be concentrated? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think you have hit upon one of the reasons why we like trackers, to move liquidity 
more easily across if there's a reason is actually one of the flexibilities we like. Here you have to put a pin in it. We're 
doing that as of the date with the [ph] no note (17:33) and then creating the subscription right below to create 
incremental liquidity at Liberty Broadband. 

Our belief is is that the incremental liquidity we've outlined here will be sufficient for the needs of Liberty Broadband 
and we don't anticipate incremental capital raising at Liberty Broadband today. But, candidly, to the degree that 
Charter, who very well could become the natural acquirer of pretty much any cable assets that get sold, we will now 
have – we, Charter, will now have probably, assuming Comcast is not going to be the further acquirer, we'll probably 


be the most likely and first stop for most other cable sales. 

There may be some reason or desire on our part to help scale up and invest in that. We'll see how that goes. But that's 
only speculating on where Charter will go and what Liberty Broadband will do and what incremental capital will be 
raised. All of those are probably made more easy by having a separately traded Liberty Broadband stock. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question is from Vijay Jayant from ISI. Your line is open. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Hi, Greg. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Hi, Vijay. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: On the Liberty Broadband, given that it's a standalone company, I'm assuming that you will true 
up your ownership above 25% pro forma for the Spinco transactions, it kind of dilutes you down a little. But given 
that's a standalone company and, as you said, you think consolidation going forward in cable, Charter will be sort of the 
only game in town. But can Liberty go off on their own and do cable acquisitions, or is it always going to be through 
the Charter equity story? And then I think on the Spinco transaction with Comcast – with Charter, Liberty also has the 
right to buy in the remaining stake after – I think there's a two-year and a four-year requirement. Can you sort of talk 
about that, how the decision that made between Charter or Liberty doing their own thing on cable? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, a couple of points there, Vijay. First of all, there's some reasons why 25% might be 
attractive, but we're not committed today to stay above 25%. There may be some ramification for that, but we'll make 
those decisions as time goes on. As far as Charter, we do not have a non-compete that would prohibit us from going 
into cable outside of Charter. But the reason we invested in Charter in the first place is we have a lot of respect for that 
management team. We see the benefits of scale. We see the progress that they're making. And the synergies that they're 
likely to be able to generate through incremental cable acquisitions make it, to my mind, unlikely that we would go 
outside of them inside the U.S. Obviously, outside the U.S. or places where they don't have synergies, you could 
imagine something. But inside the U.S., they seem to be the best game in town in our mind. 

As far as Spinco, both we and Charter are prohibited for a period of time to ensure the tax-free nature of the spin from 
acquiring incremental shares of Spinco. As far as how that goes after that, we'll see. I can't say we would never acquire 
Spinco shares. One would expect or hope, certainly the goal would be ultimate revolution that this Spinco might be 
someday combined with Charter, and in conjunction with that we might find it attractive to own more Spinco shares to 
ultimately own more Charter, so I'm not going to say no way. But I suspect most of our actions are through Charter 
because, as I said, we have a lot of respect for what that management team is doing and a lot of belief in the synergies 
they can create. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Thank you. Hey, Greg. How're you doing? I'm just wondering as you look out at the 
landscape if you think we're at a state where asset values are a little inflated, or a lot inflated? We've been in this low 
rate environment for a long time and we're seeing a big pickup in M&A across [ph] T&T (21:40), really accelerating it 
in this year. A lot of stuff like in online video, YouTube networks being snapped up with $1 billion price tags. When 
you look at what you guys have in front of you, and I'm sure you see everything, is this an attractive environment, or do 
you look at this as one you think you want to sit back and wait for some kind of pullback? 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Ben, I think it really depends. Surely in some cases asset values have been inflated, but I'd 
note the air has come out of an awful lot of things as well more recently. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Yeah. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We're living in a time where you have very low-cost financing. The high-yield market, both 
the underlying tenure has come back down and then the spreads have come down as well. So you're seeing us 
undertake both at our sister company at Liberty Interactive QVC do $1.2 billion of financing, SIRI do $1.5 billion. 
You'll see I think a lot of guys try to take advantage of that low-cost financing and a lot of that has also led to a push up 
of asset values. If you're able to buy finance with 5.5% money pre-tax, sub 4% after-tax, a lot of things look a lot more 
attractive if they have real cash flows. And including I think the acquisition that Charter is making, or the proposed 
acquisition. 

So you'll see a lot of, to the degree the financing markets continue to create supply, you'll see a lot of a push on asset 
prices, is our view. For us, we try to execute here and there, but have kept a lot of our powder dry where we didn't see 
synergies. In our mind, in a lot of cases you need those synergies to justify those prices. Straight-up acquisitions are 
very tough, entering new spaces if you don't bring synergies to the table. And in general, we found it better to wait until 
the market is a little more bloody and ugly before you commit to going to something new. But we'll see. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Yeah. And along the financing lines, the creation of these non-vote shares, some of 
the Liberty sister companies have used these to do large acquisitions where the stock without diluting the vote, it's sort 
of stating the obvious, but should we be keeping our eyes open for more of that from Liberty than we've seen 
historically? I mean, I can't remember the last equity-related deal Liberty Media did. It's been a while. And I don't view 
the SIRI exchange as that, but maybe you do. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: If you look, I think TCI, our former parent, and Liberty, have in their history done 
something like three stock re-issuance deals and then immediately bought back all the equity. So I wouldn't – over forty 
years John is pointing out to me. So it's been a lot of history of us not doing that. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Right. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: On the other hand, look, if asset values rise and you want to have flexibility, having a C 
share is a useful tool in our shed and we're going to create it for that reason. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Bryan Kraft from Evercore. Your line is open. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Good morning. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: I wanted to ask you about your interest level in Vevo and how that might fit into a broader 
strategy with respect to music, which you're obviously involved in through two of your other positions. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Look, we have two really interesting music assets. They're not exclusively music assets, but 
assets that compete in the music space in Live Nation and Sirius. And Live Nation is probably the ultimate lean-in 
experience, going to a concert. Sirius is more of a lean-out, lean-back experience. And there are a host of experiences 
online and over-the-top radio, or over-the-top music, just the way that over-the-top video is occurring, that are 
interesting, whether it be Vevo or Pandora or Spotify. 

And we watch all those, or the many other variations out there from Rdio to Beats to whomever. We watch all those 
with interest and think about how they might fit well in the stable of music and entertainment assets we have today. We 
have no plans, but we certainly notice they're out there and there's obviously been a lot of speculation about movement 


in those kind of assets and we would look hard. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: I think there's been a reports that you made an offer Vevo. Any comment on that, or... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We don't comment on any offers or acquisition talks like that. But as far as the space, we 
certainly are watching and think it's an interesting space. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Okay. Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Matthew Harrigan from Wunderlich. Your line is open. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: I'm sorry. I was going to ask the Vevo question. I'm not agile enough at this point to 
come up with anything else, so I'll take a pass. Sorry. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We appreciate the brevity. Thank you, Matthew. 

Operator 

And our final question is from John Tinker from Maxim. Your line is open. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Hi. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Hi, John. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: A couple quick questions. If I remember correctly, the Atlanta Braves valuation was capped 
because you sold – the TV rights are owned by Time Warner Cable. Now that Time Warner Cable is going to be in 
different hands and given you're close to the new owner, is there perhaps something you could do with Atlanta Braves 
to make it more interesting? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, you're not exactly right, John, on the TV rights. The TV rights were really divided 
into three buckets, some that went to the regional sports network and that regional sports network was sold to News 
Corp and is now part of FOX, and then another bucket that was really with Turner, TWX not TWC. We, last year, 
through a long series of convoluted reasons, were able to – and those rights originally ran out to 2027 I believe. And we 
knew that when we bought the team and the team price reflected that. Of course, we also had some other positive 
elements in the tax-free nature of the transaction. 

Last year, through some good work of the management at the Braves and a confluence of events, we were able to 
renegotiate positively a bunch of those rights and receive probably on the order of $500 million of incremental revenue 
over the life of the contracts of value to us. So that's been very positive. But nothing related to the TWC deal impacts 
that. That's just a standalone, something that occurred, and that adds a lot of value, even on a present value basis, to the 
Braves. 

The Braves have also done many things well over the last years. They have not been a cash consumer. They have not 
been an enormous payroll company. They've created a great product with a controlled payroll and, accordingly, have 
been a profitable team. And most recently, the actions that they are taking to create the new stadium and the complex 
around it, which the ancillary facilities, many of which will be owned by the Braves or have a participation in, are 
going to create a lot of value for the Braves. So that asset has gone up quite nicely in value over the last several years 
and I expect the completion of the stadium will continue that trend. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: One last detailed question. Given obviously your holding in Barnes & Noble wasn't that 
material, why did you only sell 90% and not 100%? 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We wanted to continue to have a tie with the company. We did it to remain involved and 
endorse what Mike Huseby and Len Riggio are doing there. And another reason is why we left Mark Carleton behind 
as a Director. And so we still have an interest in watching what they're doing there. You never know what the future 
holds. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you. So that's it. Thank you very much for your interest in Liberty Media and we hope to talk to you next 
quarter, if not sooner. 

Operator 

And this does conclude today's program. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


