Q4 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
Other Participants 

• Jeff D. Wlodarczak 
• Amy Yong 
• Vijay Jayant 
• Barton E. Crockett 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• Jason Boisvert Bazinet 
• James M. Ratcliffe 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Tom W. Eagan 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• John P. Tinker 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media fourth quarter conference call. Today's call is being recorded. 
At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Courtnee Ulrich, Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Good morning. Thank you for joining us. 

Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about business strategies, market 
potential, future financial performance, new service and product launches, the proposed acquisition of the shares of 
Sirius not currently owned by Liberty Media and its subsidiaries, the issuance and trading of the Series B common 
stock, anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in market 
acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, the ability of Liberty Media to negotiate 
mutually satisfactory definitive transaction documents with Sirius, the ability of Liberty Media and Sirius to complete 
any such proposed transactions, the ability of Liberty Media to complete the distribution of its Series B common shares, 
the ability of the combined company to realize the expected benefits and continued access to capital on terms 
acceptable to Liberty Media. 


These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein, to 
reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto, or any change in events, conditions, or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note, and Schedules 1 through 6 can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 

And with that, I'd like to introduce Liberty's President and CEO, Greg Maffei. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee, and good morning to all of you. On to some of the highlights for the quarter. 

SiriusXM announced excellent Q4 and full-year 2013 results, increasing subscribers to 25.6 million. Q4 revenue was 
up 12% and was $1 billion. Q4 adjusted EBITDA was up 41%; very impressive number. 

During the year, SiriusXM repurchased $1.8 billion of its own stock, including shares from us. We completed the sale 
of the first tranche of SIRI shares back to them in November of 2013 for a total of $160 million. As you likely know, 
during the quarter we also announced a proposal to acquire the remaining equity of SiriusXM that we do not own. 
We're working with the SiriusXM special committee and their advisors, as they conduct their due diligence on our 
offer. 

Turning now to Live Nation, who also announced strong results, their third 2013 concert attendance was up 19%. 
Concert – ticket sales for shows that will occur this year are up 12% as of February 15 as compared to the same time 
last year. 2013 revenue for the full year was up 11% to $6.5 billion. In 2013, adjusted operating income, AOI, increased 
10% to $505 million. 

Charter, another important investment, also reported very solid Q4 and full-year 2013 results. Charter continued its 
improving trend throughout the year showing the early success of some of its strategy to drive accelerated growth, a 
key reason we invested in Charter in the first place. 

Notably among its Q4 results, residential revenue, pro forma, was up 4.9%, and if you exclude cyclical advertising, 
much of which was driven by politics last year, it was up 6.2%. Commercial revenue, on a pro forma basis, was up 
19.4%, an impressive number. And probably even more interestingly, Q4 reported an increase in PSUs, which is 
basically their customer relationships; on the residential side, over 147,000 on a pro forma basis and on the commercial 
side over 18,000. 

Triple play penetration increased sequentially to 57% for the quarter, and 32.6% for the year, and the video loss – the 
video subscriber loss stabilized in the quarter and looks favorable going forward. 

So we were pleased with the results of all of our major businesses and the performance of our major investments. And 
we appreciate your – with that, I guess we'd like to open up to questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Jeff Wlodarczak from Pivotal Research Group. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Good morning, Greg. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Hi, Jeff. 


<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: I wanted to get your thoughts on – hey, I wanted to get your thoughts on, if you believe a 
Comcast, Time Warner Cable deal is going to approved by regulators, and then your thoughts on the price Comcast 
ended up paying; and I have one follow-up. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well I think on the first point – I'm not either an SEC specialist or an antitrust lawyer. I 
assume, under some set of conditions, the deal will be approved. The question is how onerous those conditions are, not 
only for Comcast but for the industry as a whole, and we'll watch with interest as that goes forward. 

On the question of the price paid, I guess there are a couple of prices paid. There was the nominal $158.80 something 
that was agreed upon and there's the price that's now being offered without the so-desired cap, or a collar on Comcast 
stock or any stock that the shareholders of Time Warner were supposed to receive. I notice that that price has declined 
somewhat from the indicated initial price. 

So, we'll see what actually gets paid. I guess it'll be a function of where Comcast trades at the time. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Fair enough. And then, going forward do you feel like that Charter and you all are limited 
around making large investments, given the need to keep your powder dry to potentially bid on the 3 million subs that 
Comcast may have to sell, or even a chance that the Comcast, Time Warner deal falls through? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think Jeff, you rightly note that the industry is somewhat in a state of flux not only 
on this deal but on any proposed divestitures if the deal is successful. And some talk of other forms of consolidation. 
That having been said, we certainly learned in this process that there were many investors who were interested in 
investing in cable consolidation, either with Charter or alongside Liberty. And I suspect if we – a need arises for 
additional equity for a cable consolidation play, we'll see a lot of interest, certainly we did in the first – in this process. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Amy Yong from Macquarie. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. I was just wondering if you could talk about your level of interest in pursuing the deal, the 
proposed deal with SiriusXM. Are you less or more eager to do the deal now, particularly now that Time Warner Cable 
has a pending deal with Comcast? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah, I think first, our interest in SiriusXM was not driven by our actions or desires or 
potential actions at Time Warner Cable and with Charter. We think that's the right deal, both for Liberty and the 
SiriusXM shareholders. We think we put an attractive offer on the table, particularly when you look at the net asset 
value of our underlying components and what they would be receiving and the high proportion of the value that is 
actually in SiriusXM stock, or SiriusXM itself. 

So we think we put forth an attractive offer both for us and for them. As I said, we're in the process of really doing due 
diligence with the Special Committee's representatives and we'll see where that goes. All along I would note our view 
is that's the right deal, it's a good deal, but it's also a deal that doesn't have to happen. It's a deal that we currently 
control SiriusXM and whether the deal is successful or not, we'll control SiriusXM going forward. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Great. And can you just talk about what some of the options are in terms of this fund that you could 
extract from SiriusXM, whether as a buyback or an acquisition? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I'm sorry, let me make sure you're asking how we could get incremental money out of 
SiriusXM or... 

<Q - Amy Yong>: No, what would you do with the currency with LMCC? Would you – and how would you use the 
leverage on SiriusXM's balance sheet, would it be for a buyback or buyback for Liberty Media, buyback for SiriusXM, 
or an acquisition? 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think all of those are open. I mean really one of the reasons we like the creation of the C is 
not only to have a big liquid trading currency to potentially complete a transaction with SiriusXM, but down the road, it 
gives more flexibility for SiriusXM to do certain kinds of acquisitions. It may also be the case that we want to use 
SiriusXM's cash flow for share repurchase or for strategic acquisitions. 

As you may know, you may recall, they did an acquisition earlier this year of Agero, which strengthened their position 
in the telematics space, and you can imagine other kinds of acquisitions for stock or cash that would strengthen the 
SiriusXM business and give it even greater legs going forward. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Vijay Jayant. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Hi, Greg. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Hi, Vijay. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: The stock – Comcast stocks remained weak and essentially, I think the market thought that, 
Liberty/Charter might do a low 140 type offer, if that happens, is that opportunity still something you would consider 
or has the ship sailed on that whole transaction? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think we will watch with interest how that proceeds, both whether there are 
divestitures, whether that deal ultimately gets completed and what it all means. You're certainly not going to take any 
option off the table about what we think, Liberty thinks is in the best interest of its shareholders and I suspect the 
Charter Management team will do the same thing in terms of keeping flexibility both for acquisition of other 
sub-systems or potentially the divestitures out of Time Warner or if the Time Warner deal is not able to be completed 
looking back at the whole thing. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Then on Sirius, do you have any sense on how long you expect the special committee to take – to 
come out with a response and potentially after that how long that the deal could close? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think they're doing their due diligence. We have not yet met really to – we met to discuss 
information flows. We've not yet met to discuss an effective barter or negotiate. Sometimes, that's been known to 
happen with special committees and I suspect it may happen in this case as well. Once that process is done and there is 
agreement, if we're able to reach agreement, I suspect it's probably a 90-day to 120 days from that point. But, it's too 
early really to say how long any negotiation process or information process on due diligence is going to take. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Barton Crockett from FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions. I was noting that the offer for Sirius – when you 
announced it was – the exchange ratio was about a 5% premium, now it looks like about a 5% discount. And so, it begs 
the question of how flexible you guys would be to adjust the offer that you've initially made? I know we're early in the 
negotiation process and there is a limit to what you can say, but I was curious if there is any flexibility on your part on 
looking at the exchange ratio, or possibly including cash to help get a deal done? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, thanks, Barton. First, I believe the offer we put forward is an attractive one, 
particularly when the context – if you look at the net asset value of the underlying components of Liberty, putting aside 
the current share price, suggests we're trading at some discount to the underlying components and therefore value is 


being transferred already to the SiriusXM shareholders other than Liberty. 

But, we also noted, I think, early on, that these processes usually involve some negotiation and we would expect that 
there will be an ask from the special committee. That would be – that would not be unusual to see that. And whether we 
are willing to meet that ask, we'll see. And whether that ask is in the form of cash or stock, we'll see that as well. I 
opened the com – I think the first question by noting, this is a deal that is a nice deal, a good deal – we believe a good 
deal for both sets of shareholders, but it's not a deal that has to happen and certainly not a deal we have to chase. It's 
certainly not a deal that needs to get done, in the sense that we will remain the control shareholder of SiriusXM, 
regardless of whether it gets done or not. So there certainly are limits to what would be appealing. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. And then, if I could switch gears just a little bit. Shortly after your guys made your 
offer announcement, SIRI came out and issued some subscriber guidance for 2014 that was for a slowdown in growth, 

1.25 million versus 1.5 million self-pay in the previous year. Some investors have been concerned that maybe that 
suggests the business is slowing and injects an element of uncertainty, I think, that's been part of what's pressured the 
stock. What's your view? Does this, in your view, signal any type of, like, slowdown in the business or change in any 
way your appetite for this business on a fundamental perspective? 
<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I guess the first point would be, we certainly knew of the intent to – that they would 
make that announcement – or we made our proposal actually in advance, so it would not look like we were pouncing on 
their bad news or their perception of bad news in the marketplace. 

I think Jim Meyer has been articulate about both the challenge of just the law of large numbers of growing the business 
and new subs, but also some of the technical factors related to new car sales and how our existing base is upgrading to 
new cars, and what that is doing to the sub count for the new – excuse me the new sub count. I think we remain very 
interested in SiriusXM, believers in SiriusXM. As the majority shareholder of SiriusXM, we're certainly not walking 
from it, and as I said, we knew when we made our offer that that announcement was coming. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks so much. Good morning. Greg, can you remind us – just a couple of questions. Is 
Liberty locked out of repurchasing Liberty stock while the SIRI offer is outstanding, given the SIRI board has not yet 
accepted the offer? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: No. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: And just trying to gauge potential activity levels going forward for Liberty. There has been – 
has there been other M&A opportunities you've held back from due to a focus on cable consolidation that you can now 
revisit or the discussion you gave earlier around cable being in limbo for a little while in terms of M&A activity 
suggests that Liberty Media will be in limbo for a little while as well, while that sorts out? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think our ticker ought to be LIMBO. I mean, we're always in a state of some fluctuation, 
right? That is the nature of who we are and that's not new. You're certainly right to note that, for most of the time that 
I've been here, we always felt like we had excess cash on the balance sheet. That's probably not the case today, where 
we sit with the huge cash balance and a shortage of opportunities. We certainly are looking at – continue to look at 
some things that we think are interesting. I don't think we've held off on any of them because of a shortage of capital or 
because of cable consolidation, but it does suggest we may have to do different things to help get them financed. 

You've seen some of those actions. For example, the convert that we did last fall, we obviously have cleaned up some 
short-term borrowings. You've heard, I think earlier, me state that we had a lot of people approach us about a 
willingness and a desire to co-invest alongside, in some form or other, in cable consolidation. We've been lucky or 
blessed to have a pretty good track record over the last seven or eight years and we've got people who, therefore, have 


been willing to invest alongside us, both in the public markets or alongside us privately. And I still think that remains 
the case, that if – when we have an attractive opportunity, we can probably get it financed. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Understood. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Jason Bazinet from Citi. 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: Just a quick one for Mr. Maffei. I would imagine one of the... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Hey, Jason. How formal! 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: I would imagine one of the reasons you were willing to issue LMCA or LMCC stock 
for SIRI was it was trading very close to NAV. As the NAV discount has widened since then, would you say that that's 
sort of consistent with your internal expectations or it's widened out more or less? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We're just a bunch of poor guys trying to run a few small companies that are in Colorado. 
Those market maneuvers, Jason. That's your business. So, we watch with interest those things, but we don't certainly 
plan to control them or think we can. We try and do transactions, which benefit our shareholders for the long-term and 
we think consolidating SIRI has that benefit. Again, as I said earlier, it's not one that has to happen, but we think it's 
beneficial to both us and the SIRI shareholders. And you're probably right to note if we were trading at some massive 
discount to NAV, we'd be less likely to issue stock, but it is the nature of the way we're structured, that at some point, 
we usually have a discount. I think there has been – in no time in my tenure have we had a premium. And I believe the 
last time we had a premium was probably back in the days of the bubble of 2000 or something like that. 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from James Ratcliffe from Buckingham Research Group. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Two if I could. First of all, can you give us 
any color about what sorts of requests for information you've been getting from the SIRI special committee, is it mainly 
delving into the other assets essentially so they understand what they'd be getting? 

And secondly, you didn't pay down much of the margin loan in 4Q, any particular reason behind that and how much 
flexibility do you have to do that or hold off on it? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think you are – rightly pointed out the kind of questions that would be probably top of 
interest for any advisors to a special committee. They probably have a pretty good handle on SIRI or to the degree they 
don't, they get information from the SIRI management team. So they were probably most interested in understanding 
some of the strategy and values around some of the other assets, many of which are – if not most of which, are public in 
terms of the market values. 

As far as the pay down of the loan some of our margin loans have some different triggers and make-wholes and in 
addition sometimes we've decided we had uses for cash and some combination of those two things kept those balances 
where they were. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. 


<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Hey. Good morning, Greg. How are you doing? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Good morning. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Maybe just on the telematics business at SIRI. How do you think that the company is 
positioned to take advantage of that opportunity? Jim talked on the call – on their call about that being a global business 
and needing to be more global and obviously thinking about tweaking their product set, but with Agero now done and 
sort of based on what you know, can you give us a sense for how they're positioned and if there are more acquisitions 
you think might need to be done over time? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think Jim articulated some of the opportunity very well. First that it is the strength of SIRI 
is virtually United States, we have some operations in North America. But when we get to telematics we really flip the 
business on its head. It may not be as satellite driven and it may not be as entertainment only driven. There are our 
OEM position as a trusted supplier to those OEMs and our ability to extend our product offering, our service offering 
into things like telematics, particularly safety and security, may be one of our absolute strengths as we move into 
markets outside the United States. 

I think the telematics area is early. There are bunch of players out there positioning but I feel very good about what 
we've done, where we're positioned, both because of our strength as an OEM supplier and because of the technologies 
we have and added to with a Agero. Do I – is this going to be the winner take all business that effectively satellite radio 
has become with the merger? We'll see. There are a lot of big players, so it's unlikely, but as we are – as I said 
well-positioned and I do not think we will need incremental acquisitions to be a very effective competitor. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got it. And then somewhat of a mechanical question, maybe not your favorite topic. I 
wanted to just ask, if in fact the SIRI offer doesn't play out as proposed and you thought about an RMT of this asset, 
would the 40 Act issue come up with your Charter interests or are you at a level of equity with Charter that you could 
spin out SIRI and you'd be fine? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah, I think between all of the businesses we have: the Braves, Live Nation, Charter, we 
would not have 40 Act issues. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Tom Eagan from Northland Securities. 

<Q - Tom W. Eagan>: Great, thank you. First, should the buy-in of SIRI prevail, are there any synergies between 
Sirius and any other companies in the Liberty umbrella? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah. I think there is a opportunity, which has not yet been realized upon, between Live 
Nation and Sirius for certain. There are many – both synergies across imagining channels, imagining joint offerings, 
imagining unique content, but also many of the places where they're going in terms of thinking about next generation 
technologies and next generation services they have common interests and common desires. So, I would think that no 
guarantees that even if Sirius is rolled in that would change, then get it done. But, I think that there are a lot of places 
where they should be able to find common ground. 

<Q - Tom W. Eagan>: Great. And then, at Charter, they gave guidance for CapEx for going all-digital in 2014. It 
seems as though their spending per CPE is higher than we've seen with other cable operators, and essentially because 
they're actually going to be installing a box. I guess... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Because they're doing what? I want to make sure I understood. 

<Q - Tom W. Eagan>: Yeah, so their... 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Highest level for CPE is why? 

<Q - Tom W. Eagan>: Yeah. So, they are installing boxes and not just adaptors. So, I was wondering your take on that 
decision. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Look. I think, Tom, John Bickham, et cetera, they – Tom Rutledge, they are as experienced 
as it gets and you are already seeing the benefit of those results in terms of the growth; and that growth appears to be 
accelerating as we move into 2014. There is an upgrade cycle to becoming an all-digital network, which has costs. 
Those costs have really declined over time as a percent of what it costs to get stuff done as you move more things into 
the cloud. But nonetheless, getting that right, investing to take full advantage of that digital network is part of the 
strategy and it appears to be working. So I'm pretty enthused about where they're headed on their own operating basis. 

<Q - Tom W. Eagan>: Great. Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Matthew Harrigan from Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. I'll try to ask this as partially as I can, so you can frame an answer. But I 
think when people looked at the Comcast, Time Warner Cable situation initially, people were looking at Time Warner 
Cable, you know, like, what's the upside? To me, now from a game theory vantage point, people have to kind of look at 
what's the downside to me of the deal getting done. If I'm Cablevision, the churn will take out [indiscernible] (26:29). 
Apple – there were stories due to the fact that they were about to work something out with Time Warner Cable on the 
user interface. 

When you talk to your strategics and other MSOs, do you get more of a sense that some people would almost be 
tempted to take some sort of preemptive action because they're afraid of Comcast basically controlling the industry and 
maybe not being – playing that nice. 

And then secondly, at CES, I mean, I was struck by the automotive companies and the connected car Kool-Aid, to the 
extent that it's Kool-Aid. I mean, there is a senior engineer from Ford who was saying that Ford is now a software 
company. And if they talk about SIRI, what they talk a lot about is other alternatives on the music side and on the 
integrated concept side as well. Do you feel like you're still – SIRI is still as tight with the OEMs as it once was or do 
you think it's getting to be a worrisomely level playing field with connected cars now? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: On the first question Matthew, about preemptive strikes, look, I think you're looking at a 
potentially changed landscape, and people are considering what that means for them. I'm not sure that's a preemptive 
strike. That's a response to how the landscape may change. 

One of the things that I note is, you know, you see Google announcing new fiber builds, potentially, and it was 
gratifying that not very many of those, I believe actually zero, were in the Charter territories. So I feel pretty good 
about Charter's own growth plans, own upgrade plans. The reasons that we invested in the first place, strongest 
management team in the business, an upgrade cycle around digital, relatively less competition, an NOL that shields 
taxes, an attractive balance sheet and capital structure; all of those factors remain in place. 

Surely, we'll watch how the landscape changes. But I still feel there is an awful lot of tailwind and the reasons we 
invested remain interesting, and we're seeing those positive results. So while we don't plan to whistle past the graveyard 
in terms of how the landscape might change, I do feel pretty good about how we're positioned. 

On the question of SiriusXM, you're certainly seeing a growth in the car alternatives, and the connected car creates a 
whole new set of opportunities and largely creates a new set of people who wish to enter. That understood, I feel very 
good about where SiriusXM is positioned. I feel very good about the OEM relationships, I feel very good about the 
ways we've been able to extend those through Agero and the like. And we'll watch and see how the coming 
announcements around telematics go on. 


Now in no sense do we – I expect we're going to lock out anybody. If you're a car company, your first goal is to sell 
cars. And if consumers want other services, whether they be entertainment or incremental services on top, you're going 
to supply those, because regardless of how good our relationship is, regardless of how attractive the rev share that we 
give them, goal and job one is to sell the cars. So anything that deters from that is not going to be desirable, if you're 
Ford or General Motors or Toyota or anyone else. 

That being said, we have a relationship that's central, we have a position in the car that's central. And I think we're only 
going to extend that position. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thanks Greg. 

Operator 

We have time for one more question. And that question comes from John Tinker from Maxim. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thank you. You commented before on the free cash flow at Live Nation growing at a faster 
rate than EBITDA and you highlighted this morning how solid the numbers are. That debt is coming down pretty 
dramatically too, do you have any views on if they should be thinking about a buyback program soon? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think – and I've seen your notes on that, John. I think that they have some refinance 
alternatives and options which are getting better for them. They have had some high cost debt to eliminate. When they 
get those refinance alternatives in place, certainly more flexibility gets opened up. And as they grow that free cash 
flow, more flexibility gets opened up. 

They also have and are considering a bunch of strategic alternatives all the time, things, not all of which are enormous: 
the acquisition, for example, of Insomniac; adding to the management company business through the purchase of 
basically the management company for U2. So there are lots of little things along the way, and there are a whole bunch 
of attractive returns associated with them. 

So I think they'll weigh and hopefully consult with us on some of those alternatives. They'll weigh that share 
repurchase versus those alternatives. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: I just have one final question. There has been a lot of discussion that your contract is up for 
renewal at the end of the year. Can you give us some idea as to the timeline on that? Obviously, we hope you continue. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you for that support, John. You can make sure the board knows. Look, I mean, we've 
got a lot going on. We keep busy and I'm sure in the fullness of time that will be worked out to the best of everybody's 
arrangements. But it's probably not front and center just compared to some of the things we've been working on. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you. With that, thank you everybody for your continued interest in Liberty Media and we look forward to 
talking to you next quarter, if not sooner. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


