Q3 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
• John C. Malone 
Other Participants 

• Benjamin D. Swinburne 
• Denis E. Kelleher 
• Amy Yong 
• Thomas William Eagan 
• Barton E. Crockett 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• John P. Tinker 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Q3 2014 Earnings Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Courtnee Ulrich, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Thank you. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about business 
strategies, market potential, new service and product launches, the proposed Rights Offering by Liberty Broadband, the 
future financial performance of SiriusXM, stock repurchases and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new product or services, the ability of our businesses to attract and retain customers, competitive 
issues, regulatory issues, and market conditions conducive to buybacks. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements, contained herein 
to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary notes and Schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 


And now, I'd like to introduce Greg Maffei, Liberty President and CEO. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee. Good afternoon to all of you out there. Today, speaking on the call besides myself, we'll have 
Liberty Media's CFO, Chris Shean. 

So starting off with Liberty Media itself, we plan to distribute the Liberty Broadband shares this evening and they will 
begin trading regular way tomorrow. You may recall that as a part of that we have a related Series C Rights offering 
with a plan to distribute on December 10 to holders of Liberty Broadband shares. Now, you must be a holder of Liberty 
Broadband through the ex-dividend to receive this right, and we will announce this ex-dividend date in the near future. 

The rights will trade for 20 trading days, and then they will expire. We expect the 20-trading-day period to begin 
promptly following the distribution date on December 10. The price for these rights will be a 20% discount to the 
20-trading-day volume-weighted average trading price of the Series C Liberty Broadband stock. 

Now, obviously, that's a lot to follow and remember, and I'm sure many of you will be calling Courtnee and Joe, et 
cetera, to get more details. But that also, I think, will be more prominently discussed in the Q. 

Related to the spin-off, Liberty Broadband closed on a $400 million margin loan, and we drew down $320 million of 
this money and distributed $300 million as a dividend back to Liberty Media. At Liberty Media, I would note we also 
did some refinancings, and we refinanced the SIRI margin loan on October 28 extending the maturity of that loan to 
October 2015. 

So let me move to some operational highlights, first it's SiriusXM. Sirius reported strong – very strong Q3 results. They 
increased subscribers to 26.7 million. Revenue for the quarter grew 10% to a record $1.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA for 
the quarter grew 29% to $381 million, and share repurchases totaled nearly $2.1 billion for the year-to-date. Liberty's 
ownership as a result of those repurchases and our lack of participation in any sales back of the company have 
increased our ownership stake to 57.5%. On their call they also raised 2014 subscriber count, revenue and free cash 
flow guidance. 

Turning to Live Nation, it also had a fantastic quarter with strong performance across all of its businesses. Concert 
revenue is up 11% and we continue to grow our global market share. Sponsorship and advertising business sold out 
over 90% of its plan for the rest of the year and at Ticketmaster, we've had great success in the secondary ticketing 
efforts with gross transaction values up 44% year-to-date. 

Let me turn to Charter, it grew its revenue in the third quarter 8% lead by strong residential revenue growth of 6.7% 
and even faster growth in the commercial space. At the end of Q3, we completed over 80% of our all-digital initiative 
capital spending and we're on schedule to complete the full digital initiative by yearend. In addition, in conjunction 
with the plan to fund the Comcast-Time Warner purchases and swaps we raised $3.5 billion of debt at Charter. 

So with that, let me turn it over to Chris Shean to talk more about our financial results at Liberty Media. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. Tomorrow morning is when we intend to file our third quarter 10-Q so you won't be able to access that 
tonight, but once received just another highlight to – given the fact that we consolidate Sirius and they are in our 
financial statements, but to get the cleanest view of Sirius results we continue to suggest that you look directly at their 
website and their publicly filed documents. 

At quarter end, Liberty had cash and liquid investments of $673 million and principal amount of debt of $6.1 billion, 
which includes debt balances of SiriusXM and a margin loan at Liberty. Included in the $673 million of cash and liquid 
investments at September 30, is $104 million of cash held directly by SiriusXM. Liberty's cash and liquid investments 
excluding that cash at SIRI was $569 million, although pro forma of the cash that Liberty Broadband is going to be 


sending back to Liberty, the cash balance would be $300 million higher than that. 

Now, with that, I'll turn the call back over to Greg for Q&A. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thanks, Chris. To the audience, we appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media and I'd now like to open the 
call for questions. Operator, would you take the first question? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Good afternoon. Greg, can you talk about your buyback plans which typically Liberty 
doesn't give us kind of visibility into the timing of the buyback and you did this time? So interested in why and what 
the rationale was there. 

And, then for you or for John if he's on the line, any thoughts on Title II and whether that becomes a real threat? There 
has been some news on that, and it obviously affects your Charter investment. Do you think that's something that's 
likely coming out of the FCC here? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So on the fact that we dividend that money across from Broadband to Media, there was 
effectively a requirement that be used for buyback. And that is why we took the relatively unusual step of doing that. 
We effectively have done the same thing for those who are acute listeners of Liberty calls, we are doing the same thing 
with the venture's money coming that's coming across and repurchases at Liberty Interactive – the formerly Liberty 
Interactive, now QVC stock – exactly the same. So, on the second question of what's going to come out of the FCC, I 
think that's your general gist. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Yeah. I mean, it sounds like they're thinking about a hybrid approach perhaps. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think they are. We have no or greater insights and probably less than many. My personal 
perspective is that you're clearly hearing pressure out of the White House for something, and that Wheeler is probably 
trying to find a compromise that will meet all and there's been talk obviously of doing it around peering and the like 
rather than on the front-end. We'll see where this all shows up. I don't know, John, do you have a – John has joined us – 
do you have a view on this? 

<A - John C. Malone>: Well, just that Tom Wheeler is a very rational guy. He is probably the right guy to be 
Chairman at this time with a long history in common carrier affairs. My guess is it will be a hybrid approach where 
there will be, let's say, stronger regulation in terms of the carrier relationship with a content provider and perhaps more 
freedom when it comes to the relationship with the consumer. I think that ultimately we will end up with some kind of 
volume-based billing where consumers essentially in some form or other pay for the capacity that they utilize. But 
we're also going to have to have a tariff either formal or informal that prevents one provider from hogging all of our 
capacity to the detriment of all other users and all other suppliers. 

So this is particularly important when you get into very high definition video where the transport of large amounts of 
4K content would pretty well swamp the capacity of all existing systems. There has to be some kind of a allocation 
mechanism or tariff that precludes those heavy users, those heavy suppliers from squeezing mom and dad out of the 
quality of their Internet connection. So, it's complicated, but I think it will sort itself out and once again I'd reiterate that 
Wheeler is a very good fellow to be trying to figure this out right now. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Thank you, both. 


Operator 

Our next question will come from James Ratcliffe, Buckingham Research Group. 

<Q - Denis E. Kelleher>: Denis Kelleher stepping in for James. Just two questions if I could, first on Sirius, just 
touching on their buyback performance last quarter, do you think four times is still the right leverage for the company 
and if so any thoughts on how rapidly they should try to approach that level, and secondly, regarding Liberty 
Broadband, can you discuss how you think about deciding whether to purchase cable assets that will be housed within 
broadband versus fund Charter investments and cable assets? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: On the first question about Sirius, I think they publicly said it, they are targeting four times 
and I think that's a good target certainly for now. They are moving towards that with an aggressive buyback plan. I 
don't think there is a known or set date by which they'll get there and they've gone through a series of buyback 
programs including some accelerated share repurchases which have driven that higher and we'll see where that goes. 

On the Liberty Broadband question, I think if I were to reframe your question is, would we consider buying other cable 
assets other than Charter? You could certainly imagine us looking at those particularly when the prohibitions are off the 
potential to invest in great land, though there are prohibitions against that for the first two years, but I would expect that 
most of the cases where we were looking at cable assets, we've made our bet with Charter that that's a great horse, that 
it is a – has many advantages as an acquisition vehicle as an acquirer and given if you take the presupposition that 
Comcast will largely be out of the market because of their hitting caps, we will now at Charter be the most efficient, 
most effective acquirer going forward. Not of every cable system you could imagine because something was 
contiguous for somebody else, so there was a crazy bidder but in every – in general the synergies are going to reside 
with Charter so it's going to be very hard for people to bid against them. 

<Q - Denis E. Kelleher>: Great, thanks very much. 

Operator 

And our next question will come from [ph] James Wlodarczak (13:27) with Pivotal Research Group. 

<Q>: Hey guys. It's [ph] James Wlodarczak (13:32). Hope everything is going well. Two quick questions. 
Hypothetically speaking, if you were to do an RMT between Broadband and Charter, is it reasonable for tax purposes 
that Charter will want to wait at least 12 months to 18 months after the spin tomorrow? And then, as it pertains to a 
potential SIRI-LMCA RMT, are there any material tax constraints or restraints rather about doing that deal 
immediately after the Broadband spin tomorrow assuming, of course, SIRI is interested? And then I had a follow-up. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: On the first question, the RMT Broadband, I think, we've had no discussions or anything 
that would taint us, but safety and reasonableness might suggest at least a 12-month period for conservatism, if one 
were to discuss an RMT, which obviously, as I said, we've had no discussions and certainly have no plan or intent. 

On a SiriusXM RMT, assuming one were able to have an ATB, an active trader business, on both sides of what the 
rump of Liberty Media post the Charter-Liberty Broadband spin and post an Sirius RMT as long as there was one that 
you could send with Sirius and one that you could keep, I don't know why you wouldn't be able to affect an RMT 
immediately. Again, we certainly have no plan or intent and haven't announced that. I'm just talking about the 
mechanics. 

<Q>: Yeah. Hypothetically, of course. And then the follow-up, you all sit at, I guess, the nexus of content distribution. 
Could you give us your thoughts on concerns that have arisen recently regarding the effects of OTT and cord shaving 
on the traditional pay-TV bundle? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think, that's an interesting and complicated question. We have – I don't know if we 
sit at the nexus of anything. But we look across a bunch of industries and see that OTT, whether it be in video or radio, 
is separating out the traditional, in many cases integration of content distribution and it becomes its own force. We 


certainly see that happening with Netflix and when you look at some of the declines in cable ratings, you can make 
your own judgment about how much of that is being impacted by OTT video. 

Whether that is really turning around today and really causing massive cord shaving or cord cutting is less clear to me 
how much of that's the economy, how much of that's millennial and household formation delay, I think that's the 
second part. The first part is seemingly clear to me, the second part is less clear to me and I think there's still open 
questions about that. And I think the Chairman has a few thoughts to add? 

<A - John C. Malone>: Yeah, no, I think it's important to differentiate terminology because random access seems to 
be what the public wants and on all platforms sort of all technologies. And that doesn't necessarily mean over-the-top. 
If you look at what most operators are doing now, they're evolving essentially a free VOD, if you want to call it that, 
which is effectively random access on all technologies but it's not necessarily over-the-top. So to some degree there is a 
migration of viewing from pure linear to DVD viewing which many people... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: DVR. 

<A - John C. Malone>: DVR, sorry – to ultimately Netflix came in with a pure Internet over-the-top approach but an 
awful lot of viewing is basically now off of servers operated by the distributor. And I think what you'll find is the cable 
industry was pretty slow in implementing TV Everywhere but it's gaining momentum and so it's going to be a mixed 
bag here. You also have a bit of migration frankly from linear viewing with advertising to some of the Internet 
advertising services. So you're probably seeing a little bit of advertising flowing from the traditional linear network 
video viewing over to the new social networks and other similar services. 

So, it's a complicated phenomenon and unfortunately the measurement technologies aren't very good to differentiate 
finally between one impact and the other. But the nice thing about it is, you sort of need a high-speed connection in 
order to participate in any of this. So, to the degree that it impacts linear video viewing, it probably also creates a much 
greater demand for high-speed connectivity, both terrestrial and Wi-Fi or wireless. So there is opportunity and there is 
challenges as these technologies evolve. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: And if I could just add on to John's point, I think seeing innovation among the traditional 
players and among the MSOs where different formulas are tried, where the stack is inverted, for example, and the 
opportunity to have high-speed access and premiums, the opportunity to try different services is important. Customers 
want the product and the services in different ways and not necessarily only in the traditional bundle and I think all of 
the players in the industry need to be responsive. 

<Q>: Very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Amy Yong with Macquarie. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. Two questions. First, on Live Nation, can you just talk about what led you to increase your 
stake in Live Nation, what appeals you to that asset, and where you think you can add value at 35% versus 27%? And 
then my second question is just actually on the Vivendi lawsuit. Any updates there and I guess, cash aside, are there 
any logical swaps or assets that you think would be appealing? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, let's start with why did we invest more, because we found it attractive and we like 
where the business is going. And the most recent quarter is only a good example of that. We still think there is 
continued momentum and opportunities in that business. So we were happy to increase our stake. And, so far, that's 
been rewarded in the marketplace at least in the short term. But we remain optimistic and invested for the long-term 
there. 

Whether we're adding any value by increasing our stake, I think, that's less clear, you'll have to ask the management 
team about that. I'm not sure we add any value at 25%, 30% or 35%. But we think it's probably not all negative for 
them to have us endorsing and stepping up and buying more stock. But you'll have to ask Mr. Rapino whether he 


agrees. And then – I'm sorry the third part of the question? 

<Q - Amy Yong>: On Vivendi. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: About Vivendi, the lawsuit, I think that we had a minor victory. And Rich Baer is not in the 
room. So we would ask him to be more articulate. We had a minor victory, in that a part of the case was released to go 
forward on appeal, and that will probably speed the process along, it's still probably years out, but there was at least one 
step in moving that forward recently. Whether there's a swap that could be done, I think that is complicated. Vivendi 
has slimmed themselves down to largely two businesses. And the nature of a swap would still be a taxable event to us 
[ph] receipt of that (21:36). It's not one of these ones where a swap would avoid the tax is my understanding. So I'm not 
sure that's the front and center idea, I suspect this has still got many twists and turns at least in the slowly meandering 
judicial system before we get a result. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Tom Eagan with Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: Great. Thank you. We have several programmer operator battles set up over the next 
two months whether it be DISH and Turner, DISH, CBS; [indiscernible] (22:07) Viacom. But the cable network ratings 
and ad revenue had been disappointing. Doesn't that give the operator more leverage? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I might frame it another way which is for several years we've seen a trend towards 
increased leverage for the content offering and you've seen the percentage of the video bundle that they capture going 
up. There has been a continuing second trend probably of the strong getting stronger and the weak being preyed upon 
and or reduced. And that has been the only counter that the MSO can offer is that the less strong programming does not 
get the same renewals. 

And I think you're seeing some of that come to pass where operators whose programming hasn't necessarily been as 
strong or are already quite highly priced not getting the renewals that they would hope for and programmers – excuse 
me -- distributors feeling they have sufficient muscle and sufficient weight given those reduced ratings to make some 
counter and that's what we're seeing come to pass, that's somewhat an effect of what we talked about lower cable 
ratings and a dispersion where some get strong and some are not as strong. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: Right, okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Barton Crockett with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question. I guess on the topic of big secular questions as 
John Malone is on the call, I was wondering if you could address the question of your view of HBO going direct 
over-the-top? I know in the past you have positioned HBO as potentially a trendsetter or someone who could dictate the 
future for premium networks and their ability to separate from the bundle of Netflix' success, some time has passed, 
they are doing something now. Do think this will be a meaningful move? Do you think it will work? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: The Chairman and I have had cursory discussions on this. I'm not sure we totally agree. I'll 
go first that I think this is as much HBO showing that they can do it and then I doubt – and that they are a modern 
company in adapting to the ways of the marketplace, I personally doubt there is a huge audience out there of $15 a 
month HBO over-the-top subscribers who are not willing to buy a cable bundle. I just don't see that as an enormous 
audience, and I don't see it as a huge moneymaker for them given how much they are already extracting from the 
MSOs. When you net out on that $15 any kind of customer service, carriage, et cetera, I don't think there's a lot of 
incremental dollars, in fact it may be less attractive than what they're getting from the vast majority of MSOs. John, do 


you want to add to that? 

<A - John C. Malone>: Yeah, I don't think it will be a massively disruptive simply because they're ubiquitously 
available already. I think what they're trying to get to is, perhaps a little more control over their pricing to the consumer 
than they have traditionally. But as Greg says, they've squeezed a lot of the margin out of the carriage of their service 
from an operator's point of view. 

I think they were also in a position where they've been trying to encourage the industry – the distributors to provide 
random access – HBO GO and only some operators have really taken seriously the availability of that service. And so 
they feel that they're at some disadvantage to people like Netflix or Amazon or even Hulu and technologically i.e., that 
their programming is not being presented as fully to the consumer as some of the others. 

And so we'll see and I suspect they're worried about the scale that Netflix is reaching or is trying to reach on a global 
basis and their ability to outbid Netflix for content going forward. So you really need to talk to Jeff about exactly how 
he sees this transition. But I don't think you'll see a flood of new customers signing up for HBO. They might get some. 
And I don't see – I know Netflix stock took a little beating about the same time that HBO made the announcement. But 
I really believe HBO's opportunity tends to be more international than it is domestic and I think the idea of global scale 
is something that Jeff is now starting to focus on. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thanks Barton. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. Just a lot of incremental complexity that's about to get laid onto the business 
as a couple of things you talked about, I mean TV Everywhere, 4K, [indiscernible] (27:37) Wi-Fi and LTE. Industry 
historically had a lot of customer service and perception issues, I know Comcast is trying to do some things there, 
you're working with them on the HTML5, RDK and all that. But do you see a lot of opportunities and necessity to work 
even closer as an industry I mean, you referred to Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and now it's kind of perspective 
with I guess, Comcast, Charter, Cox, Cablevision. But what needs to be done because it feels like some of these 
national players do have a big advantage? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think Charter is – on the first point about customer service it's impressive the way 
that Charter – Tom and John Beckham and the team at Charter have dramatically improved customer satisfaction, you 
can see it in all sorts of metrics about how they're received and how they're perceived by their customers. 

And you can see it in their ability to move with a better service with all-digital service how they're moving up the 
percentage that is at basic to expanded basic and their average digital – excuse me – their digital penetration going up 
and with it their average video revenue going up. Now it's somewhat artificial to decide where the revenue sits there but 
how they're taking ARPU up because they're offering a better service and a better product and attending is going very 
well. On the larger issue of cooperating, I think seeing initiatives – and we have talked about some of these in the past, 
like Wi-Fi services together, initiatives like ultimately home automation or a small business offering are only going to 
be enhanced by that cooperation. 

<A - John C. Malone>: Yeah, I was going to say Tom Rutledge has almost a magical way of simplifying the service 
offering from the vantage point of the consumer. He sells a very simple bundle of services and tries to focus the 
consumer on that, and it generally focuses on high-speed connectivity, a simple telephone offering that's flat and then a 
uniform video offering that's the same all across the country. And not only is that important for the consumer to 
understand, it's important that it be simple so his employees, his CSRs and service technicians can understand it. 

So I think the whole idea of technology is to make things incredibly complex behind the wall and incredibly simple for 
the consumer. And if you can get there, everything from the billing system, to the packaging, to the uniformity with 


which the technology is delivered would be great. And obviously there's huge opportunities for intercompany 
cooperation to create ubiquity of offerings, ubiquity of branding, scale, and I think that's going to be a very important 
future of the industry, whether there's a lot more consolidation of ownership or not, it's a consolidation of joint activity, 
so I think it's going to be an important driver for the cable business really on a global basis. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thanks for another stock to follow. 

<A - John C. Malone>: You're welcome. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Full employment act for analysts and investor relations. Well, I think, we've got one more 
question, operator. 

Operator 

Yes. And we'll go to John Tinker, Maxim. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Hi. And on that note, if hypothetically you do RMT SIRI, where does that sort of leave Liberty 
Media in that you'll have live baseball team, couple of investments in, I think, Viacom, Time Warner, what do you see 
Liberty Media's role going forward? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think, you've effectively pointed out one of the problems of RMT-ing SIRI is we're 
not quite ready to put ourselves out of business yet. If we saw fewer opportunities, if we saw fewer things we could do, 
but we think there are some things we can do. And I suspect the RMT of SIRI is still ways off because of that. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

With that, operator, I think we're done for this afternoon. Thank you very much everybody for your interest in Liberty 
Media. And we look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day, and we look forward to having many of you 
on our next call. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Once again, that will conclude our call for today. Thank you all for your participation. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


