Q1 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Chun Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
Other Participants 

• Douglas Mitchelson 
• John P. Tinker 
• Amy Yong 
• Vijay Jayant 
• Jeff D. Wlodarczak 
• Barton Crockett 
• Bryan D. Kraft 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Martin Pyykkonen 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call 
is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the Vice 
President of Investor Relations, Ms. Courtnee Ulrich. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Courtnee Chun Ulrich 

Good morning. This call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategy, market potential, 
future financial performance, new service and product launches, and other matters that are not historical fact. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in market 
acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, continued access to capital on terms 
acceptable to Liberty Media. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to 
reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliation, preliminary note and Schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

And now, I'd like to turn this call over to Greg Maffei, Liberty's President and CEO. 


Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee. Good morning to all of you out there. Today besides myself speaking on the call we will have 
Liberty's CFO, Chris Shean. 

On to the highlights, starting with SiriusXM, Sirius remains the gift that keeps on giving, outstanding Q1 results. We 
increased subscribers to 24.4 million, set record revenue and adjusted EBITDA numbers and named Jim Meyer the 
CEO, no longer on an interim basis. He's done a great job and we look forward to continuing to have him lead the 
company. 

We closed our Charter Communications investment on May 1, last week. We paid $2.6 billion for 27.3% of the equity. 
We designated four Board members. We secured $1.4 billion in financing in the form of margin loans against the 
equities that we hold. In a short week, we're up about 15% on that deal. I'm not sure that rate of growth is sustainable. 
They were kind enough to announce very solid results yesterday and they continue to make progress investing in their 
network and pursuing operating strategies that we find effective and are showing great progress. 

Live Nation also posted very solid results yesterday, robust growth in concert ticket sales. For all events they're up 
about 26% this year. And they made continued progress on their Ticketmaster upgrade. 

During the quarter we also repurchased $71 million of our shares. I guess that's through April 30, actually. That's a 
relatively small amount. We've been utilizing the cash and other investments and keeping it for other good things 
ahead. I'd also remind you, and it does seem like a long time ago, that actually during Q1 we did complete the Starz 
spin. 

With that I'll turn it over to Chris to talk about our financial results in more detail. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. Given that we went over 50% ownership and obtained hard control of SiriusXM for the quarter, their 
results are now consolidated in Liberty's financial statements. The combination of the consolidation of Sirius as well as 
the disposition of Starz through our spin-off has made our financial statements and our year-over-year changes a little 
bit confusing. We would suggest that to review Sirius's results it's a better idea to look directly to their financial 
statements rather than through ours, given that ours, at least for this quarter, only have a partial quarter of the results 
consolidated. The first 17 days of the quarter are not in our consolidated numbers, as well as our view of Siri has 
further clouded by purchase accounting adjustments. So you can obtain that information directly from their website and 
their publicly filed documents. 

At quarter end Liberty had cash and liquid investments of nearly $2 billion and the principal amount of debt of $2.2 
billion, which includes the debt balances for SiriusXM. Post quarter close Liberty completed its investment in Charter, 
paying $2.6 billion, part of which was funded through our $1.4 billion in margin loans as Greg had mentioned. 

Now with that I'll turn it back over to Greg for concluding remarks. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

So a solid quarter. Pleased with the results of all of our businesses and as we noted, we look forward to our new 
relationship with Charter. As always, we appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media. And with that, operator, 
I'd like to open it up for questions. 

Q&A 


Operator 

Very good, thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go right to our first question from Doug Mitchelson with 
Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Oh, thanks so much. A couple, one on Charter and then one on – Greg, you said the share 
repurchases were modest as you retained capital for other good things ahead I think is sort of quote unquote. So if you 
give us a sense of the strategy going forward and what those might entail? And then separately just any background on 
the Charter investment and the rationale behind it would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I would note that we do have a margin loan that has a relatively short tenure. We're 
looking at different financing alternatives and we looked at conserving cash as making sense at the moment. Why do 
we like Charter? I think there are a host of reasons, starting with what we consider the superior operating management 
team in the cable business, a business plan that involves upgrades and leveraging a relatively under-invested network 
pursuing triple-play and increasing amounts of high-speed data in a relatively less competitive environment in terms of 
who they're up against [ph] RLEX (6:54) rather than FiOS, et cetera and a good environment in general to be in cable. 

So those are probably the rationales for us. And frankly the fact that we were able to secure a significant amount of 
stock and secure significant influence in the company in one quick transaction, all those made an appealing investment. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Because your Chairman once upon a time consolidated up the Cable business and made a 
lot of money for investors doing that, there's been a lot of discussion around whether there's any intentions to try to 
push Charter in that direction to be an aggressive consolidator. Any thoughts around that? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think the Charter business plan on a standalone basis is very attractive. We're enthused 
about what, as I said, Tom and his team are doing and can do in their territories. Whether consolidation occurs, it seems 
like in an era of relatively inexpensive money with cash flows that are relatively secure, as Cable cash flows are, it does 
lead to a natural – and the fact that there are synergies around content costs, network costs, box costs and other 
elements does suggest that you could be in for a round of consolidation. Whether Charter is a consolidator or a 
consolidatee, we'll see. They've already done one very attractive transaction in the form of Bresnan. Tom Rutledge has 
gotten to buy twice in the last few years. And transactions like that probably make a lot of sense. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: You must really like it. All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from John Tinker with Maxim. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Hi. Just could you – just following up on the Charter, talk about how you see your capital 
structure in that most of the companies you're invested in tend to be relatively leveraged. By contrast, Liberty Media 
has been unleveraged since you're looking for investment opportunities. And now I think for the first time in a while 
you have a little leverage. How far would you see that going? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think you rightly noted, John, we are fans of judicious leverage particularly in the 
environment that we operate in, in terms of very low interest rates – artificially low in our judgment because the 
government pushing them lower with high bond purchases et cetera. In general, we try to maintain low leverage at 
Liberty and particularly now because we are not free cash flow generators in and of ourselves, we are holders of shares 
in companies that are free cash flow generators. We do have some leverage and that's probably part of the reason why 
we've been judicious about the use of cash. We don't have a program to announce yet on how we're going to change the 
leverage of Liberty or how we're going to clean up those margin loans but we're certainly paying attention. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: And just as a – I think if we – I think that when Sirius started its stock buyback program, I 
think it's fair to say that you didn't tender which would suggest that your percentage ownership's gone from 50% to sort 
of 51% or so. Is that correct? 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yes. I think it's probably over 51%. Maybe 51.5%, headed towards 52%, somewhere in that 
range. We're up but not by an enormous amount. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Amy Yong with Macquarie. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. Just on Charter again. Can you talk about timing and the financing that's needed to get to 
35%? Would you be willing to take up your stake ahead of the 2016 timing? And how are you going to finance the 
additional $800 million needed to get to 35%? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think as you noted we have the opportunity or option to go up to 35% and then 
subsequently down the road I think it's to 40%. That's not an obligation and we're not announcing a plan to do that 
today. We'll be opportunistic and we'll look at our financial capabilities and means of either financing that or what we 
do to achieve that at such time as we make the decision to go do it. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Got it. Should we assume that you'll be participating in secondary offerings? Is that something that 
you're willing to do? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, we're Liberty so assuming anything's always risky. I think buying in incremental 
shares for us may have regulatory concerns. For the moment I'm not sure we're the buyer of first choice. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Vijay Jayant with ISI Group. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Hi, Greg. Couple questions. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Hi, Vijay. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: First on the caps on Charter, is that tied to potentially triggering the NOLs at Charter and that's 
really the reason why the cap's 40% or is it just [ph] sort of shell of protection (11:49) and eventually post 2016 you 
will have a plan to get control of Charter? Is that something you could sort of discuss? And second on the financing of 
the original Charter investment, is it fair to assume that you will probably sell pro rata in the [ph] 382 (12:08)? I think 
you're limited right now from doing that but starting in June, I think, is that a source of funding? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So a couple questions in there. First on the NOLs, I don't believe there's any issues around 
that. There's no 382 limitation. All those have been taken at Charter. I should have noted it, and the Chairman rightly 
pointed out to me, our Chairman, that the fact that they have a significant NOL position is a very valuable asset and one 
of the things that makes Charter an incrementally attractive investment to us. But those NOLs are probably secure in a 
sense they're 382 limited and changes in our ownership will not impact that. As I noted on the prior questioner, we 
haven't made any plans, decisions, announcements about going above the 27.3% or 27.4% we're at today. And as you 
noted, we have the opportunity to go to 35% and then 40%. 

We'll see what time holds. And what we do with our financing and how we look at that will all be part and parcel of 
some of those decisions. As you rightly noted, we are, for a bunch of reasons including we wanted to stay over 50% 
against potential dilution from the exchangeables at Sirius and the risks or issues around short swing profits, we had 
some incentive not to divest of some of our high basis Siri shares. I don't think we have a plan announced. We've 
announced we're not participating today. We're not prepared to announce we're not participating or participating in the 


future. As a Board member and investor in Sirius, I feel very good about Sirius's operating prospects and growth, and 
so we're not in any rush to divest ourselves of SiriusXM shares. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Great. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Jeff Wlodarczak with Pivotal Research Group. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Hi, Greg. On Siri, you all elected to keep the active CEO. Do you foresee any other major 
senior management changes or additions I should say to enhance the team, especially as you focus on new revenue over 
there? Or are you satisfied with the current management team? And then can you give us the latest on potentially 
divesting your non-core assets, I guess TruePosition and Atlanta Braves? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So a couple of things. First on the management team I think they have a lot of depth in that 
management team and a lot of strength particularly given from whence Jim came and where he's hired around 
technology, OEM relationships, content. There are some areas like marketing that the company has not had as much 
focus on historically. It's come from a period where its marketing was primarily self – or trialed converting to self-pay 
in the OEM environment. 

Now in a world where things like used cars or previously owned cars are an important part of their growth pattern, how 
they market, how they go to the consumer is going to change. And I think Jim Meyer is the one who'll make that call 
but I think he's quite cognizant of the need to add and bolster resources there. So as I said we're enthused about 
management but certainly see the opportunity – the company sees the opportunity to add interesting pieces there. Sorry, 
the second part of your question, Jeff? 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Just the latest on the status on potentially divesting TruePosition, Atlanta Braves? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: The Atlanta Braves are in first place. That's the last thing we're going to do right now. 
They're not quite as hot as they started out but we're very happy with the Braves and frankly the Braves for a series of 
reasons are proving to be a better financial investment than we might have initially anticipated. On TP, they're in some 
interesting regulatory and other kinds of discussions and so I don't think that's front and center either. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask first about the structure of your 
Charter acquisition, the financing of that with the margin loan. I know you're describing this as relatively kind of 
short-term. So I was wondering is there any covenants or stock price ranges at which you would be compelled 
potentially to give up ownership of the shares that are securing this loan? And how would you describe the risk? I'm 
sure it's low but the risk of potentially something happening that could imperil your control of Sirius? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yes. A couple things there. We have a broad basket of public equities, which serve as 
collateral. Frankly the loan is structured in two pieces. Some of it's secured against Charter [ph] with really no (17:13) 
loan we stepped into. Another piece structured as against some of our equities including Sirius. I think the risk on both 
is very low. You never want to say given the potential for Black Swans or Six Sigmas or whatever kind of event we're 
talking about you want to say never, but I think that risk is very low. And given, frankly, that we have a diversity of 
assets and equities in there, it's maybe even lower. And given the fact that we could divest of some of them or we have 
other sources of capital or other places that we're comfortable that we could, in a pinch, borrow some money from, I 


think the risk of that is all very low. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. And then I wanted to switch gears a little bit, given that you were able to use in 
this instance Sirius and other shares to borrow against to kind of finance the transaction, does that argue against the 
possibility over time of spinning Sirius off through a Reverse Morris Trust? Because by doing that you'd lose a big 
asset that you could borrow against and thus limit your ability to do deals. Is that something that would enter into your 
calculus? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think that's an interesting question, Barton. I think we would, if we ever were to spin 
Siri, and we have suggested at some point it's not illogical, like many of our other big, powerful growth assets that at 
some point they would be better as an independent company, completely without our wonderful stewardship, that we 
would probably want to make sure we cleaned up our own balance sheet and gave as much strength to the mother ship. 
The mother ship is looking a little less robust than it once did. We had a calculation the other day, I think we've spun 
off since in the last nine years something like 75%-plus of our value. So we might want to just at least secure the 
mother ship with capital, to your point. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Bryan Kraft with Evercore Partners. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Hi. Good morning. Wanted to ask, you touched on it a little bit, Greg, but Crestview 
announced they're selling more Charter shares today and I was wondering why you didn't choose to increase your stake 
through that. And you mentioned there may be regulatory issues around increasing your stake, so if that's the reason I 
was just wondering if you could elaborate on that. And also, can you talk about how enthusiastic you are these days on 
the prospects for two of your smaller strategic investments, Live Nation and Barnes & Noble? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So you know, you never want to predict what regulatory environment would see, but it 
would seem like issues around the SEC de facto control could arise at some point and we figured we were better not, 
and probably not the best buyer for those shares. We're getting up to speed in the company. We have a lot of 
confidence in what we've seen. We've secured influence on the Board and I think we're at the moment, when we roll all 
this together, we're probably weren't the first and best buyer for Crestview shares. 

On the prospects for Live and B&N, first looking at Live Nation, as I noted, great operating results; Michael Rapino 
and his team continue to leverage their strength in the ticket business, leverage their strength in the concert promotion 
while pursuing I think a meaningful and important upgrade of the Ticketmaster systems. So we feel very good about 
where they're going, what they're doing and the market has reflected some of that optimism that we see in the recent 
run on its stock. Barnes & Noble, lots of good things going in arguably not an easy market. Three businesses as you 
may recall. Retail continues to perform better than I think most analysts and observers would have expected. Our belief 
that there will be bookstores around for quite a while seems to be being validated. 

The college business, which is part of the Nook Media subsidiary, continues to perform well. A little bit of a transition 
there as you may know from sale of college books and sale of textbooks and other items into more rental, which is 
extending the lifecycle but also lowering – slightly retarding current EBITDA because it's just a longer tail. And then in 
the Nook Media – in the Nook space itself, great partnerships with Pearson and Microsoft, probably haven't really seen 
the benefit of that. Obviously a competitive marketplace but also a growing marketplace. I think good efforts to things 
like open the tablet up to be a more full Android tablet with Google and other progress, but clearly also a top operating 
environment to be. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Do you think those companies are still companies you might want to increase your stake in at 
some point or... 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We always hold that option. On both of them I think we have attractive positions with 
influence. In particular I'd note in Barnes & Noble we're sitting there in a preferred position with a substantial dividend, 
so I feel good about where we're sitting. But also we reserve the right as is our right to increase those investments. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Okay. Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. On the Braves, we've seen big escalation in value of sports franchises. 
People are largely conversing with the specific issues that have hamstrung the Braves a little bit in that regard. But 
nonetheless if you really play the long game it looks like it could be a fabulous investment for you. Is that really how 
you look at it? Sometimes you're very opportunistic on a trading basis and sometimes it feels like you could let things 
stick literally for decades. 

And then, I guess, interesting watching what's going on at Barnes & Noble as well as Siri and competing with some of 
these companies like Amazon and Apple and all that, that you're perspectively as people talk about these large 
ecosystems to kind of use the cant of the space. Can you talk about that, just kind of how you think about competing 
against guys who are [ph] mega gap (23:39) in so many different areas and trying to leverage their competencies in 
different areas? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Sure. So starting with the Braves, I mean, the Braves have many attractive elements along 
our lines. I mean, they're an ATB. We always love the ATBs. They are continuing to increase in value. They've made 
some modifications to some of their TV arrangements, which were positive. We do have relatively low tax basis on 
that, which we inherited all the way back from Turner to Time Warner to us, so the disposition had some issues around 
its attractiveness. And it's an asset that we believe is continuing to grow over time on a tax-deferred basis that's 
appealing. So we'll see where that all goes. 

Barnes & Noble, I think you're right to note that building an ecosystem is important. I think Barnes & Noble is doing 
that more and more, alignments with Google, and things as I noted like making a fuller-fledged tablet. Obviously the 
relationships with Microsoft and Pearson were about extending our ecosystem and building edges and differentiation 
around our tablets, and I think those were all positive. We are clearly in a world where, you know, you have a 
competitor like Amazon who is, full credit, not only tenacious and smart but able to convince the marketplace that all 
spending is actually useful investment, something not everybody else gets to do. And that's a hard guy to compete 
against. But I think the B&N management team understands that and is working to, as I said, take advantage of its 
differentiation and strengths. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thanks, Greg. 15% a week on Charter. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yes, I don't think that's sustainable, fairly confident. 

<A - Courtnee Chun Ulrich>: Operator, can we get the next question? 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks. Good morning. Picking up a little bit on the question earlier on RMT, Greg. At 
the Investor Day last year you guys laid out, I think, a thought process on Siri and you made the point you didn't want 
to spin out high-basis shares. And you wanted to put capital to work at Liberty before you really seriously thought 
about an RMT spin, and it was probably a ways out. I wonder if you, sitting here today, if your thought process has 
changed and in particular with the Charter investment, you know, is that deployment of capital in your mind, in John's 
mind, that sort of gets you at least that check off the list? As you still have to deal with the timing around selling your 


stock, I realize, back to them. I just was curious if you could update us there. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think we're, you know, as usual with Liberty, of mixed mind. Clearly you're correct. 
We sat with quite a lot more capital back at the Investor Day, undeployed cash, than we do today. And one of the 
appeals of Charter, besides the facts that I mentioned about why we think it's a good investment is it was an opportunity 
to put a relatively large chunk of capital to work, relatively quickly, relatively easily, into a business that we had a lot 
of confidence in, and that doesn't always occur. So yes, right to say perhaps, Ben, that we checked one of the boxes. 
But the other box there, which is do we think Siri's ready for an RMT, do we think our shareholders are ready for that 
RMT, do we want to divest cash out of Siri, given the run that it's had frankly since then, and we think it can do going 
forward, that's the mixed minds part. And I don't think we're ready to vote with our feet today. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Okay. Great. And just a couple of follow-ups. Any comment on what the permanent 
financing is going to look like on these margin loans? I didn't know how you were thinking about it, whether it's bank 
debt or something else that we're not creative enough to think of? And then, I don't know if you commented earlier, I 
may have missed it, but do you think Siri should make a bigger investment in telematics through acquisitions? Do you 
think they can build organically based on sort of the stuff they're doing with Nissan and really get into that space? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yes. So first on the permanent financing, we have nothing to say today. Our Treasury 
Department has had a relatively easy time over the last few years as we have not needed money at the LMC level and 
now they've been put to work, so this is good; they're going to have something to do and to focus on. Neal Dermer will 
have laser-like focus on making sure we get the best deal going forward. 

And on the question of telematics, exciting space, I think an important space for Siri to extend its franchise and a real 
opportunity, and Jim Meyer is exactly the right guy to do that. As he's noted, and I would firmly agree, we have a great 
effort there, we have a lot of good things as you note begun with some OEMs and more that have not completely been 
uncovered yet. I think we can grow that business organically, but we are certainly not averse to accelerating that if the 
right acquisition came along at the right price. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks, Greg. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: They have obviously as you know, Siri has the luxury of massive cash flow growth, 
operating leverage and growth, underleveraged [ph] they gave (28:45) against our target leverage, and as we get that 
massive free cash flow growth, we will open up incremental leverage capability. So they've got the opportunity to both 
grow, return on capital and look for strategic acquisitions at the same time; pretty hard to find businesses that have that 
mix. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our final question for today comes from Martin Pyykkonen with Wedge Partners. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Yes, thanks. Two things I wanted to drill in a little bit more on both Live Nation and 
Barnes & Noble. Greg, you made a comment about Ticketmaster, they've done a good job there, they've done a good 
job with dynamic pricing, good seasonal outlook, the stock's maybe reflecting that. But just wanted to get your sort of 
sentiment, I think if I'm right you can go up to 35% without any further Board approval. Does the existing kind of 
Concerts segment margin that's in that kind of low, mid-single-digit range, obviously because most of it goes back to 
the artist, is that in your mind then somewhat of a stumbling block? And in terms of increasing the stake, not to 
compare it to Siri because they're different businesses, but there you've got a high-20s% to north of 40% EBITDA 
margin and Live is just capped. I'm wondering how much of a fundamental issue that is. 

And then secondly on Barnes & Noble, your thoughts and if John's in the room as well, just the tones you've kind of 
made comments on in recent quarters, it almost sounds like the physical side could be more appealing. You obviously 
are a big holder at Barnes & Noble, maybe more so attractive valuation-wise and the view that there'll still always be 


bookstores, maybe less of a footprint relative to the Nook just in terms of your view on the attractiveness of the 
investment in any way going forward from here? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Okay. Starting with the Live Nation portion, yes, Live Nation has got good top line growth 
and expanding margins. I think the challenge there, and part of the reason why the need for the Ticketmaster upgrade, 
is not only what they can do for their customers which is important, both the venues and the end users, but frankly 
investing which has arguably been there's an under-investment in some past years in technology, investing to improve 
free cash flow yield. This is a business which is huge, generates relatively low margins and frankly somewhat anemic 
free cash flow growth and free cash flow yield. And I think the management team is very aware of that and very 
focused on improving that, and we're backing them in that process. 

But that's the challenge and that's the opportunity both, and so that's what we're watching and that is why we certainly 
have the option to go up and I would note we've gone up from the time just post the merger between Ticketmaster and 
Live we were just short of 15%, and now we're just over 27%. So we have increased our stake there and obviously are 
pleased with the progress they've made, but that's the challenge for the business. 

On B&N, I think our thesis, our investment thesis was that retail was under-appreciated and they had a, if not free 
option, arguably an expensive option, an option around the technology and Nook side. And I think so far it's proving to 
come to pass that retail has performed probably better than most analysts would have forecast and perhaps even better 
than we might have forecast. And the Nook side has proved that they develop good products but it's a very hard space, 
so that option is still proving to be probably under – we've gotten – secured some good investment at reasonable 
valuations, but we haven't really capitalized as much in the marketplace yet. But we think the management team has got 
the right focus and we're looking for the – looking forward to seeing that option be exercised. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Okay. Thanks. Is this 35% you could go to on Live Nation without any further Board 
approval? Does that sound about right? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: That's right. That is correct. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. 
We thank you for your participation, and wish you a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


