Q3 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
• Richard N. Baer 
Other Participants 

• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Barton Crockett 
• Vijay Jayant 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• Bryan D. Kraft 
• John P. Tinker 
• Kannan Venkateshwar 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Today's call 
is being recorded. And at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Courtnee 
Ulrich, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. [audio gap] (0:15 – 1:30) 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Sorry for that technical difficulty folks, we'll try this again. 

Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about business strategies, market 
potential, future financial performance, new service and product launches, the proposed stock repurchases by SiriusXM 
including repurchases of SiriusXM stock from us, and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking 
statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in market acceptance of new products or 
services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, status of conditions to SiriusXM's repurchase of stock from us, and 
continued access to capital on terms acceptable to Liberty Media. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein, to 
reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto, or any change in events, conditions, or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note, and Schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this 


presentation. 

And with that, I'd like to introduce Greg Maffei, Liberty's President and CEO. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee, good afternoon. Besides myself, today we have speaking on the call our of CFO, Chris Shean. 
And other executives are available to answer questions. 

On to some of the operating highlights at some of our larger partner companies; at SiriusXM, they had excellent third 
quarter results. Subscribers increased to 25.6 million. Revenue was up 11%. Adjusted OIBDA was up 21%. And they 
did an excellent job of managing their balance sheet in the quarter and throughout the year. Sirius repurchased close to 
$1.6 billion from January 1 through September 30. And then subsequent to the quarter end, LMC and SiriusXM 
reached an agreement whereby Sirius would repurchase $500 million of SIRI stock from Liberty over the next six 
months. 

Live Nation will be reporting results later this afternoon. 

And at Charter, they had excellent results that they reported this morning that well outpaced the industry on almost all 
metrics. They improved product and customer service. They drove revenue and accelerated free cash flow generation. 
Our residential revenues were up 5% on a pro forma basis. Commercial revenues were up 20% on a pro forma basis. 
And third quarter cash flow was positive by $132 million versus a $17 million loss in the third quarter last year. 

Charter continues to invest in its all-digital initiative and improved service levels for new and existing customers, 
driving continued improvement on a year-over-year basis both in residential and commercial relationships and PSU 
growth trends and setting up for future growth. Residential PSUs were up 46,000 on a pro forma basis or 100,000 on an 
actual basis. And commercial PSUs were up 12,000 on a pro forma basis. 

Turning back to Liberty for a second, I wanted to recap the series of announcements that we made around our Investor 
Day and two major impacts from them. First, we acquired 5.2% of our outstanding shares through a Section 355 
tax-free exchange with Comcast. We exchanged 6.3 million shares of LMCA for a subsidiary of ours that held Leisure 
Arts, our CNBC revenue sharing agreement, and $417 million in cash. We still post-transaction have a $327 million 
share repurchase authorization that was outside that exchange and was not considered part of the share repurchase 
program and is still in place. 

We also issued around the time of our Investor Day $1 billion principal amount of 1.375% cash convertible senior 
notes that are due in 2023. That issue was upsized from $500 million. 

We like thinking about those two transactions in a paired fashion. Through the CNBC deal, on a very tax efficient basis 
we acquired 6.3 million shares for about $132 per share. Through the 10-year convertible bond deal and a related bond 
warrant, we now have a negative after-tax cost of carry on those bonds. And if our stock appreciates efficiently, we will 
have effectively sold stock at just over $255 per share, capturing about a $690 million spread on the 5.6 million shares 
that underlie that bond. We think that's a pretty attractive value creation exercise and increases our NAV substantially. 

Pro forma, also importantly, the bond deal and our share sale back to SiriusXM would eliminate all of our existing 
margin debt and actually leave us with just under $300 million of cash, also $750 million undrawn on our revolver, and 
a substantial amount of debt-raising capacity for future investments. 

With that, let me turn it over to Chris Shean to talk about our financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. 


Just a reminder that given our ownership of over 50% now of SIRI, their results are now consolidated in our financial 
statements. The combination of consolidating Sirius and the presentation of Starz as discontinued operation has caused 
our income statement to be a bit choppy and somewhat confusing. We suggest that you go straight to the SiriusXM 
financial statements and their results on their website and their publicly filed documents in your evaluation of our 
position of SIRI. 

At quarter end, Liberty had cash and liquid investments of $1.2 billion and principal amount of debt of $4.8 billion. 
This includes both cash and debt balances of SiriusXM. In addition, it includes the margin loans that we entered into as 
part of the Charter Communications investment. The $4.8 billion of debt does not include the $1 billion of convertible 
senior notes that we just recently issued in October. 

With that summary, I'll hand it back over to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thanks, Chris. So we're pleased with the results of all of our businesses and the performance of our investments. We 
appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media. 

And with that, operator, I'd like to open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks so much. I just actually had one question, Greg. I was hoping if we just went 
through the exercise, if there was something that was just absolutely fantastic that you could do that required a lot of 
capital, what's the maximum amount of capital that you guys would be comfortable raising out of Liberty Capital? You 
said $750 million undrawn and $300 million in cash plus you said significant debt-raising capacity, so I guess I'm 
focusing on that debt-raising capacity part. How much could you raise if you really, really wanted to? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think we have many available resources. You pointed out the two that I mentioned. If you 
think more broadly about margin loans that we have capacity for, we have a position in SiriusXM which is well over 
$10 billion. We have a position in Charter which is approaching $4 billion. We have a position in Live Nation which is 
approaching $1 billion. Those are all available for margin if we so chose. I think we could also raise longer forms of 
debt capacity. 

We saw the demand for our convert that was originally supposed to be $500 million and was upsized to twice that 
level. I think there would be a lot of other demand for different series and maturities of forms of debt. And lastly, I 
believe we could for the right opportunity find debt – equity or near equity-like securities and raise them. I also point 
out we have some sister companies who have available cash, have not yet found an attractive home for that cash, and 
could be sources of capital. So I don't think there's any shortage of places for us or ways for us to raise capital. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: All right, great. That answers it for me, thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Barton Crockett with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Hello, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the repurchase situation with 
SiriusXM, and a couple things around that. One, just nuts and bolts, you guys have set a range of $3.64 to $4.18. Why 
those prices, what's the logic there? 


And then a little bit broader, could you remind us? How much of the high-basis shares do you have remaining at SIRI, 
and what's your current thinking about how long it might take to sell those back to Sirius? Would you stop or would 
you maybe sell the low-basis shares as well at some point? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So on the range there, that was a negotiated range and that's where we ended up. On the 
high-basis shares, we spent about $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, I think $1.65 billion buying them. That has since run to 
something like $2.3 billion. We'll have sold back $500 million, so we're probably back at about $1.8 billion of 
high-basis shares, something like that. We have no announced plan or intent to sell more shares back, high-basis or 
low-basis. I think it's virtually impossible to imagine we would sell any low-basis shares given that we really have 
literally no basis in those shares. So we may at some point consider something on the high-basis, but highly unlikely 
we'd do anything with the low-basis. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. But with the trend set to sell the $500 million here, do you stop there, or is the 
expectation that you would continue to sell high-basis shares after getting through this immediate transaction? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Barton, as I think I said a second ago, we have no plan or intent to do anything with those 
shares today. We had a reason for our own balance sheet management issues to clean up the margin debt we had taken 
on to purchase the Charter position. We've done that. We feel well set up on our own balance sheet. I've talked just a 
second ago about the various ways we could raise cash. And I guess I could have pointed out though; that could also 
include sale of high-basis SIRI stock, but that's certainly not in our plans. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Vijay Jayant with the International Strategy & Investment Group. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Hi, a couple questions. Greg, you mentioned sister companies. Does that include Liberty Global 
as a source of liquidity if you need it? 

And second, you're Chairman of both Sirius and Live Nation. Can you talk about potential synergies and them working 
together on more content? Is anything in the works, anything you can talk about there? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We have not gone downstairs and talked to Mike Fries about his willingness to come into 

U.S. cable or into other kinds of opportunities yet. But he has always been a savvy investor, and so he seems to want to 
take toeholds. Maybe we should talk to him, but we have not gone down there yet. 
On synergies, I think there has been a spate of renewed discussions between SiriusXM and Live Nation. You would 
expect, while both have their own sets of interests and their own sets of shareholders to whom they must answer 
beyond Liberty, there are potentials out there around promotion, around ticketing, around Live Nation channels that are 
all worth examining and are being examined with renewed interest. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks. Chris, you might have mentioned this in the numbers in the prepared remarks. 
But just to double check, how much of the margin debt is left pro forma for Comcast and I guess, more importantly, the 
convert raise? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: This is Greg. I'll answer it because I think I mentioned it. Pro forma for the Comcast 
transaction, which was obviously an expenditure of about $417 million of cash, the raise that we did and the bond 


offering net of the bond warrant cost and fees and expenses and the like and the money we raised from Sirius; pro 
forma for all those transactions, we'll not only have no outstanding margin debt, we'll actually have about a $300 
million cash balance, just under $300 million. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got it. So the margin debt is gone but you still have that I think it was $750 million that 
was attached to the margin capacity? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yes, in effect it's revolver capacity, again, as a form of margin debt. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got it. Got it, perfect. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Apparently, I think if we really wanted to raise capital against that, we would probably go 
out and be able to achieve a much larger facility if that was our goal. That's just a remnant of what we won't have paid 
off and which is [indiscernible] (15:48). 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Yes, understood. And then, Greg, when you think about the investment in Charter, 
which obviously has been a home run here year to date pretty quickly, there's clearly and obviously some embedded 
value in that stock, in Time Warner Cable stock around a transaction. In the off chance a transaction doesn't happen, 
which is not something people tend to talk about, but stay with me for a second, how do you think about the value of 
that investment? Do you guys save powder and think that you could buy that on some pullback if the stock pulls in 
because there's a synergy number in there, or do you disagree with my assertion that there is one? Do you think it's 
attractive here to buy more? What's your thought on that investment and how the M&A piece plays into how you guys 
think about investing? I know you have some standstill in the stuff, but over time those come off. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: To your point, I think to reiterate, we have a 27.3% position today or something like that 
with our warrants. I think our standstill is 35% and then somewhere down the road 40%. But we have plenty of 
capacity available, repurchase capacity if we so chose. 

Look, I think there's probably some amount of – candidly, there's some amount of expectation of the stock price around 
a transaction and the synergy values that are there. That having been said, the results this morning in my belief indicate 
that this is a great asset that is growing. Management is doing a wonderful job of investing in an all-digital network, 
seeing the results of that improve growth, improve cash flow, improve demand both for high-speed and for video and 
for basic or slow the rates of decline in some of those. And so speculating on how the market will value a stock is 
something that you guys get to do. We're just looking to make a fundamental investment. I think if it got ahead of itself 
on merger synergies or expectations, that's not perfect, but I think this company is going to grow into that valuation if 
that's the case. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. I thought one of the nice things on the Charter call was the point that M&A, 
it's nice that you get some tax efficiencies and the cost synergies and all that, but the real impetus is on the growth side. 
Charter seems to have been really successful in resetting itself, even though I sometimes think that consumer 
perceptions can be pretty sticky. If you were dealing with a situation where you have a more of a large market MSO, do 
you think you could do that in a similar manner, or do you think you'd have to do something like license X1 and other 
new products and just put a lot more grist to a rebranding effort? 

And then secondly, this may actually be naive from a tax or structural or self-dealing vantage point, but is there a way 
that SiriusXM could just start paying a very large dividend and you could securitize that as a mode of raising capital? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So let me talk a little bit about the MSOs. I think we, Liberty, have been vocal believers in 
consolidation, and that consolidation comes not only from cost synergies but from the ability to federate and work more 


closely together as an industry. And whether that involves initiatives like licensing X1 or trying to build a nationwide 
offering in telephony or business telephony or business services or whether that's true in home automation, we think 
there's a lot to be said for that. I think the Charter team has shown that you can turn around perspective by smart 
investment and smart operations. You can turn around perspective of your customers without that. But the real 
opportunity, the next opportunity is to help the whole industry work together, and we're firm believers in that, and 
recognize that Comcast has spent a lot of smart money, invested in software, and we should try and leverage that and 
try and leverage everybody's scale where possible. 

On the second point about SiriusXM paying a dividend, I'm not sure how we could utilize their NOL on a dividend. 
They paid a dividend, which you may recall they paid a fairly small one at year-end 2012. Our tax treatment on that 
given the DRD [Dividends Received Deduction] is actually fairly advantageous, but I'm not sure how that utilizes their 
NOL. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Got it. Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Bryan Kraft with Evercore. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Hi, thanks, so two questions. One, what is Liberty's and your institutional view on the credit 
markets, and how are you asking your portfolio companies to position themselves in the context of that view? And then 
secondly, is Liberty Media still evaluating businesses to invest in outside of cable for new investments, or is this 
strategy now solely cable focused? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: On the debt side, I think if you look both across Liberty Media and Liberty Interactive, we 
have been out extending maturities and trying to arrange as much long-term debt and capital as we can. I think QVC 
has probably done about four issues over the last 18 months, two years. SiriusXM has probably done at least four 
issues. We just did the long convert. We're firm believers in trying to extend those maturities as much as possible. 
Laura, did I forget any or anybody else is done? Laura Baldi, our Assistant Treasurer, I'm looking at if forgot anybody 
else's issuance. But clearly we've been pushing as much as possible to do that. This is a great time on an historical basis 
on capital raising. If we haven't tagged the absolute bottom, we can't be that far off of it, and it seems like safe rather 
than sorry. 

As far as looking at other investments outside of cable, across Liberty including at LMCA, we've been looking at a host 
of things both domestically and internationally, some transport or distribution type assets and some that are content 
type assets, so a host of things. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Great. Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

We'll go next to John Tinker with Maxim. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thank you, two brief questions. Can you just remind us where you stand with the Vivendi 
lawsuit? And secondly, how long has the carriage – how long does Time Warner Cable own the broadcast rights to the 
Atlanta Braves for? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I'll take the latter and I'll let Rich Baer, our General Counsel, answer the former. Time 
Warner Cable does not own, as I recall, the broadcast rights for the Braves. We have a piece that is with FOX and a 
piece that's with Time Warner. And through a form of some of their – but none of it is Time Warner Cable. And those 
deals run out to 2027, as I recall. Chris, is that right? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: 2027. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: 2027. Rich, do you want to comment on Vivendi? 

<A - Richard N. Baer>: Sure, Just in real simple terms, the judgment that we won about a year and a half ago is on 
appeal. That appeal hasn't been perfected. That means the briefs haven't been filed yet. But we expect that they'll be 
filed this year. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll take our final question from Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. 

<Q - Kannan Venkateshwar>: Thank you, just one question from my side. If you're looking at cable investments, is 
there a scenario under which you would do those investments on your balance sheet rather than Charter's balance 
sheet? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: This is Greg again. I think it's hard to imagine that we would do a U.S. cable investment 
that's not through Charter. We talked about our beliefs and the value of scale and federation. We talked about our 
beliefs in the strength of the management team at Charter and the fact that they have assets like an NOL that could 
benefit from a consolidation play. So you never want to say never, but that's a hard scenario to imagine. 

<Q - Kannan Venkateshwar>: All right, thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

So with that, I think we're done for the afternoon. Thank you very much, everyone, for your interest in Liberty Media 
and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter, if not sooner. 

Operator 

Thank you. That does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


