Q4 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Chun Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
• Richard N. Baer 
Other Participants 

• Amy Yong 
• Jason Boisvert Bazinet 
• Barton E. Crockett 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• James M. Ratcliffe 
• Thomas William Eagan 
• John P. Tinker 
• Benjamin Daniel Swinburne 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Q4 2014 Earnings Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Courtnee Ulrich, Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Chun Ulrich 

Thank you. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about business 
strategies, market potential, new service and product launches, the future financial performance of SiriusXM, stock 
repurchases, and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new products or services, the ability of our businesses to attract and retain customers, competitive 
issues, regulatory issues, and market conditions conducive to buybacks. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein 
to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 


On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary notes, and Schedules 1 through 6 can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 

Now I'd like to introduce Greg Maffei, Liberty's President and CEO. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee. So good afternoon to all of you. Today speaking on the call, besides myself, we will have Liberty 
Media's CFO, Chris Shean. 

So let me start off with Liberty Media itself, where we had a pretty busy quarter. As you may recall, we completed the 
spin-off of Liberty Broadband in November and a rights offering for Liberty Broadband subsequent to the quarter's end 
in January. From that spin, and as a part of our spin process, we received a distribution from LBRD of $300 million 
dollars in Q4. As a part of that, we also restarted our buybacks at Liberty Media. And from November 1 till January 31 
we bought back about $17 million. 

We are aware that the discount to NAV, net asset value, has increased at Liberty Media, as compared to year ago. It's 
somewhat counterintuitive and perhaps a little perverse because we would've thought that the spin-off of Liberty 
Broadband, which was a great success and we're pleased to see Charter hitting new highs every day, would help to 
reduce the discount to NAV at Liberty, especially given that Sirius now represents greater than 90% of Liberty Media's 
market cap, our shares in Sirius. So we watch and wait. 

On to operational highlights, looking at SiriusXM first. We reported strong fourth quarter results and strong results for 
the full year. We increased subscribers to 27.3 million. Q4 revenue came in at $1.09 billion; and for the full year 
revenue crested at $4.18 billion. Adjusted EBITDA grew 17% to $381 million for the quarter; and 26% for the full year 
to $1.47 billion. The company also issued robust 2015 guidance. 

During the year, Liberty Media repurchased – excuse me, SiriusXM repurchased $2.5 billion of shares. As a part of that 
process, and after their exchangeable or their convertible converting, our ownership stake with the puts and takes now 
stands, as of February 3, at 56.7%. 

Looking at Live Nation, they're going to report earnings tomorrow, but they continue to have good progress during the 
year and quarter, including building share and concert promotions with large stores, particularly overseas; driving great 
growth in sponsorship and online advertising; and growing ticketing, powered both by continued success in primary 
and new success in the secondary market, enabled by the technology investments project Jetson that we've been 
working on over the last few years. 

With that, I'll turn it over to Chris to talk about our financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. Just a reminder that included in our consolidated financial statements is SiriusXM's results, but analysis 
work is probably better served by going directly to SiriusXM's filings. So where you can find that is at their website or 
on any of the sites where you can pull down SEC filings. 

At quarter end, Liberty had cash and liquid investments of $880 million and principal amount of debt of $5.9 billion, 
which includes the debt balances of SiriusXM and a margin loan at Liberty. Included in the $880 million of cash and 
liquid investment balance at December 31, 2014 $148 million of funds held at SiriusXM. The remaining $732 million 
is at Liberty corporate. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Greg. 


Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Chris. To our listening audience, we appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media. 

And, operator, with that, I would like to open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Amy Yong with Macquarie. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. Two questions. So now that your stake in SiriusXM is at 57%, I guess what's the level of 
urgency to address that relationship either through a buyback, selling into that buyback, or perhaps having SIRI 
buyback Liberty Media's stock? And my second question is on the Braves. Sports assets continue to go up. Have you 
thought – can you update us on just how you're thinking about monetizing that particular asset? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you, Amy. Well, first, I don't think there is a sense of urgency to do anything at 
SiriusXM caused by the getting to 57%. I mean, there may be a natural breakpoint at 80% when you tax consolidate, 
maybe some would worry about a point when you don't have the sufficient liquidity in the SiriusXM stock, but it seems 
like we're a long way from either of those points. 

We remain very excited about our investment in SiriusXM. We remain enthusiastic about its prospects; and I don't 
anticipate and we're not certainly announcing today any intention to be selling into that. I think we said that before and 
I think our prospects or our views continue. So they continue to generate a lot of free cash flow at increasing amounts, 
and they're putting it to good work in buying their stock. 

As far as the Braves, I have noticed – we have noticed the increasing value in sports teams and we think that the Braves 
management has done a particularly good job on that front, driven incrementally by two things: first, from 
renegotiations we did on some of our TV deals; and secondly, by the more recently announced stadium in Cobb 
County, which we believe will have a very positive impact on asset values at the Braves. So I don't think we have a 
need to monetize, I don't think we have a current plan to monetize. We remain very happy with those prospects. 

If you look at what we paid, we've had a nice rate of IRR against that. And when you look at some of these current 
expected values, and if you took the tax savings that we received which were north of $300 million and our Section 355 
exchange with Time Warner and were to apply it not to the shares, but instead to the – mentally to the time – to the cost 
rather of the Braves itself, we really have a good IRR. So we're pleased. We continue to move forward there. We're 
happy to see the value creation; and go Braves. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jason Bazinet with Citi. 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: Just one simple question on SIRI, do you think that Sirius needs additional assets to 
sort of thrive in the Connected Car market or do you think it has everything it needs? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I guess, Jason, you never have everything you need, but Sirius is very 
well-positioned. I think both their own internal efforts and the Agero acquisition have made them very strong. I think 
the relationships that they have with the OEMs and they continue to extend with the OEMs are very positive; and I 
expect you'll see that momentum coming to pass over the next few years. This is an exciting market. Nobody knows 
exactly where the Connected Car is going to go, but the embedded solutions rather than tethered solutions that many 
others supply, the embedded solutions that SiriusXM can supply, I think, are going to be very interesting both to the car 


manufacturers and to customers ultimately. And we're excited about it. 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: And you'd be surprised if they did some other acquisition on that space? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I didn't say that. I said, Jason, I thought that they were very well-equipped on their 
own, but we're always looking to bolster. They have a luxury of having an enormous amount of free cash flow. We've 
been applying the bulk of that to share repurchase. But if we found something strategic that furthered their efforts, we'd 
look at it. 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: But I don't think we need it. I think if it helped we'd look at it. 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: Understood. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Barton Crockett with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. I was a little bit interested in your comment about 
the discount to NAV widening. You said you would watch and wait, which is kind of a passive stance. I was wondering 
if there is any tools you might call out as things that might be interesting to use as ways to narrow that discount to the 
NAV or whether it's truly something where you'll just sit back and let nature take its course? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I would point out to you, Barton, that at various times we've used share repurchases 
as a way to capitalize on that. There are other ideas that we have that might recognize this disparity or might help us 
bring that disparity in line or capture some of that value, but we're certainly not announcing any of those today. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. And then switching gears a little bit, since you are the controlling shareholder and 
Chairman of Sirius. The government, the Copyright Office has put out a paper basically calling for a legislative reform 
of the music rights licensing laws in this country. And I was wondering if you guys have a view, if you think there 
should be change, if you think this is an important issue for Sirius and something that affects your kind of view of the 
investment? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So I'll give a two-second overview and then I'm going to let our General Counsel, Mr. Rich 
Baer, comment. Look, I think the pre-1972 and a lot of these other issues are completely confusing, to be honest. There 
is a lack of clarity between state and federal. State courts in different jurisdictions have different views; and when 
you're looking at what's happening on some of this, it's a practical rewrite of what has been going on since 1972. So I 
think federal action could be interesting. Of course, too often federal action means more taxes, but with that caveat in 
mind. Mr. Baer? 

<A - Richard N. Baer>: Yeah. Look, we're defending these cases very aggressively. We don't agree with the rulings 
we've seen to-date, and we'll continue to fight these cases very aggressively. But any resolution here needs to create an 
even playing field among all of the companies impacted, not just singling out one or two of them. And so that's a very 
important thing to keep an eye on as anyone tries to engineer an ultimate resolution. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Mathew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. Maybe a little afield, but there's a huge amount of attention now on sports 
streaming, what some of these guys are doing globally in NBA, wrestling, baseball, big article in MLB Advanced 
Media in the Journal this morning. Can you talk a little bit about how you see the market for sports rights and video 


delivery working out over a very long period of time as you look at the tail value of the Braves, which you've always 
said is considerable relative to what guys like me carried out on our evaluation models? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. We obviously see the rising cost of sports programming and the nature of much 
of that going globally. Things like the Premier League or things like the NBA or Major League Baseball showing their 
ability to have a streamed product; that's very interesting. I suspect there'll be more and more of that that is niched. I've 
seen the numbers, not exactly parallel thought, but a related thought. The numbers around the pay-per-view on the 
Fight of the Century here that's coming up between Mayweather and Pacquiao that the – you're happy to see people pay 
up for premier sporting events and real-time access. So I think you'll see more of that and I think those rates are going 
to continue to increase. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: And this is probably too speculative even to ask, but are you disconcerted when you hear 
stories about Steve Jobs death bed wish was going into the automotive industry and some of the new players in that 
area? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think that the car industry and the Connected Car will be a vibrant market. I think there'll 
be a lot of solutions, many of which are both tethered and embedded. I feel good about where SiriusXM's strengths are, 
particularly in the embedded space. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

And we'll move to our next question from James Ratcliffe with Buckingham Research Group. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Thanks for taking the question. Two, if I could. First of all, can you give us an update on 
the Vivendi litigation and where you are in terms of interest accrual on that settlement? And secondly just on the 
Braves, following up on that. If you were to sell the asset or move it on, are there any tax look back impacts on the 
original Time Warner swap where you acquired the asset? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I'll let Mr. Baer, who's in popular demand today, comment on Vivendi, and then I will ask 
for clarification on the Braves. Go ahead. 

<A - Richard N. Baer>: Yeah. So on Vivendi, the case is up on appeal in front of the Second Circuit, we're actually in 
the process of briefing that right now; and we hope to have an oral argument in front of the Second Circuit later this 
year, probably in October. I am not sure where we are on the interest accrual, but that is actually one of the issues we 
are appealing, because we don't agree with the interest rate that was applied to our judgment from the Federal Court. So 
hopefully we'll have this resolved probably by early next year at least in front of the Second Circuit. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: Yeah. From a financial statement perspective, no amounts have been accrued in 
settlement or potential settlement or the interest since it's a game contingency. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Got it. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: And on the Braves, maybe you can just restate the question, make sure I understood it. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Sure. I'm just wondering if there are any limitations on your ability to, should you want to 
sell the Braves – if doing so would somehow negatively impact the tax efficient transaction which you acquired them in 
the first place? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I don't believe at this point that's an issue. The larger issue would be that do we have 
sufficient ATBs around the company? There are always things of value, active trades of business. And then not that this 
was going to your thought, but given the fact it has a very low tax basis, a cash transaction, a taxable gain would be 
painful in terms of the taxes paid for us. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Good. Thank you. 


Operator 

And we'll move next to Tom Eagan with Telsey Advisors. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: Great. Thank you very much. If I could ask you a previous question in a different 
way. Has the surprising NAV discount increase, has it had any impact to your strategic initiatives that you might be 
taking with Sirius? And then I've a follow-up. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well. I don't know if it has any impacts per se, but we're cognizant of the fact it's probably 
not an issue where shares is at such a dilutive number. We're usually pretty good with that math thing. So I guess that if 
you say that, I'll let you decide whether that answers the question or not. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: Right. And then in terms of – with the separation of Broadband from Liberty Media, 
could you talk about the appeal now of buying in the balance of SIRI, is that still on the table? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah. We still like SIRI. The Liberty Broadband spend doesn't impact that. We still like 
SIRI; we think it's an attractive proposition. We're very happy to see our ownership increased every day as the 
company buys in stock. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll move next to John Tinker from Maxim. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. Live Nation. There were a lot of issues when Live and Ticketmaster merged, given 
how powerful the company was. Do you think that in any way would affect them if they wanted to increase their 
involvement in the EDM space, particularly given that Bob Sillerman brought his company into play today by offering 
to take it private? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah. I wouldn't claim to be the anti-trust expert, but I don't believe, the EDM space is 
pretty fragmented. These are small nascent markets. I don't believe that would be an issue. That isn't a view or a 
statement about whether Live Nation would be interested in SFX, it's just a statement about our flexibility to do 
something. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: And secondly on the continued interest in SIRI, there's been a lot of discussion – or there is 
increasing discussion about the value of that spectrum and what it could be worth. Do you have a point of view on that? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think it's increasing, I agree to that point. I think there is a complicated long-term tail, and 
that we utilized a lot of it today. So you'd have to be far down the road before we could find a way to clear our 
customers off a bit; and there are probably some regulatory hurdles around that as well. So it's a complicated 
discussion, but clearly spectrum we've noticed, spectrum values have been increasing. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Ryan Fiftal with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Daniel Swinburne>: Hey, that's probably meant for me, but this is Ben. Hey, Greg. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Hey, Ben. 

<Q - Benjamin Daniel Swinburne>: Couple of questions for you. Sirius has been buying back stock consistently, but 
the leverage commentary has sort of I think evolved a little bit to the point where they're not, I think the court was in a 
rush to get to the target anytime soon and I think they even used the phrase dry powder on their call. I'm just wondering 
if you agree with that approach or if you think they should be or will be more aggressive on getting to that leverage 
target faster; and then I just had a quick follow up? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think it's just a math problem since they've announced their share repurchase target. 
And that is a – that doesn't – given the high-quality problem of as much free cash flow they have and the growth in 
their EBITDA, that doesn't actually move the needle on their leverage target that much. So they're sort of approaching 
in. 

<Q - Benjamin Daniel Swinburne>: Okay. And then I just was wondering that there's about $490 million of other 
debt at the end of the year, maybe for Chris. Any color on what that is? Is that something related to Liberty Broadband 
or... 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: At year end, that's our margin debt. 

<Q - Benjamin Daniel Swinburne>: I think there's margin loan of $250 million and there's another debt of $490 
million. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Margin loan of $250 against SIRI. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: And there is some debt on the Braves related to their stadium. 

<Q - Benjamin Daniel Swinburne>: Got you. Okay. Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

With that, I think we're done for the afternoon. Thank you very much, as I said, for all of your interest. And we look 
forward to speaking to you next quarter, if not sooner. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


