Q4 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
Other Participants 

• Barton Crockett 
• David C. Joyce 
• Jason Boisvert Bazinet 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• Bryan D. Kraft 
• John P. Tinker 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Martin Pyykkonen 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Q4 2012 Earnings Call. 
[Operator Instructions] 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over the Courtnee Ulrich, Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Good afternoon. This call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance; business strategy; market potential; 
future financial performance; new service and product launches; and other matters that are not historical fact. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such a statement, including, without limitation: possible changes in the market 
acceptance of new products and services; competitive issues; regulatory issues; and continued access to capital on 
terms acceptable to Liberty Media. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty 
Media expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revision to any forward-looking 
statement contained herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard [indiscernible] (1:15) or 
any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliation, preliminary note and Schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

Now, I'd like to introduce Greg Maffei, Liberty Media's President and CEO. 


Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee and good afternoon. Today, speaking on the call besides myself will be Chris Shean, our CFO. If 
we spin off any more elements, I'm going to be alone on this call. But on to the highlights. 

This is the first call since the separation from Starz, which was completed on January 11. As a part of that transaction, 
Liberty Media received cash of $1.2 billion. This transaction, we think, highlighted the value of Starz, which is up 
about 19% since we stopped – began trading. The results as of December 31 which we to speak to includes Starz, but 
the commentary about the Starz business was delivered by Chris Albrecht on the prior call and we're not going to talk 
any more about Starz on this call. 

SiriusXM was a highlight. We received approval for de jure control from the FCC in January 3. We bought some 
incremental shares, which increased our ownership over 50%. Our stake is now worth about $10.1 billion based on 
yesterday's close. As a part of taking that de jure control, we added additional directors to the board and we continue to 
search for a new CEO at SiriusXM. [ph] Depart (2:50) of all this, we're very pleased with the strong results there. 
Subscribers were up to 23.9 million, 2012 revenue was up 13% and 2012 adjusted EBITDA was up 26%. 

Turning now to Barnes & Noble, the NOOK Media division there received another strategic investment, verifying 
value and, I think, direction. $89.5 million from Pearson; that's in addition to the prior investments that were made by 
Microsoft. 

At Live Nation, they had a very solid quarter, posting results yesterday, notably concert sales for 2013 were up 58%. 

Back at Liberty Media, we were active on our buyback. We bought $78 million worth of repurchase prior to the spin of 
Starz and another $52 million post the spin of Starz. 

So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Chris Shean to talk about our financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Media's revenue decreased 52% to $467 million in the fourth quarter and 34% to $2 billion for 
the year. Adjusted OIBDA decreased 76% to $77 million in the fourth quarter and 58% to $450 million for the year. 
The decrease in revenue and adjusted OIBDA was primarily related to the one-time recognition of deferred revenue 
and cost at TruePosition in 2011. 

Looking at the liquidity picture at year-end in our reported results, Liberty had cash and liquid investments of $1.4 
billion and debt of $540 million. As Greg mentioned, these results are prior to the separation of Starz from Liberty. At 
the time of the spin, Starz distributed $1.2 billion of cash to Liberty and all of the debt that gave rise to that cash 
remained at Starz. Pro forma, for this, Liberty had $1.8 billion of cash. 

Additionally, since our ownership in SiriusXM is now over 50%, beginning in the first quarter of 2013, we will 
consolidate the balance sheet and operations of SiriusXM into our numbers and they will be the dominant driver of our 
financial statements going forward. 

With that quick wrap-up, we'll turn it to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thanks, Chris. As you know, change has pretty much been a constant at Liberty Media. The two latest changes, the 
separation from Starz and our taking hard control of SiriusXM, we believe will produce significant value for the 
company and our shareholders. We are pleased with the results of our businesses. We appreciate your continued 
interest in Liberty Media. 

And with that, Operator, I'd like to open it up for questions. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you for taking the question. Greg, I was wondering about your current 
position on vis-à-vis SiriusXM share repurchase. This is ramping up now and they've said that it's no longer required 
that you participate pro-rata to buy back stock and I was just wondering what your feeling is about that, whether you'd 
like to participate pro-rata or not. A little bit of color there would helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: As you rightly noted, because we were over the 50% mark, the Board deemed it was no 
longer relevant that we participate pro-rata. As you may recall, we had some purchases that drove us over 50% that 
rolled into the beginning of this year and there were reasons why, short-swing profit and the like, we would not like to 
participate in that repurchase for a period of time until we clear that short-swing profit problem. Longer-term, we'll see 
where we go. We like the operation and we've, sometimes in the past, expressed desires about different things we might 
do with the stock, but we'll wait and see. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And then if I could follow up with one other. As you're leading the CEO search, I was 
wondering if you could update us on where you are in that process, any sense of how long it might be before it's settled 
and how it's progressing. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think I could speak for my fellow committee members, Eddy Hartenstein and Jim 
Mooney, that we've seen strong candidates internally and externally. We're excited about the quality of people we've 
seen and the responses they've had about the business, which have only confirmed the opportunities for the business 
and what's ahead. I expect we will wrap up our search in the next few months and I expect the market and we will be 
gratified with the result. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thank you. 

Operator 

And next, we'll take Vijay Jayant with ISI Group. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thank you. This is David Joyce for Vijay. Is there some – at some optimal ownership level that 
you could see Liberty Media having for Sirius, kind of related to that prior question? And given that there's some 
limitations on Sirius to raise capital, how do you see addressing that gap of giving up to the 3.5 times the target 
leverage? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I don't think there's an optimal percentage. We've liked increasing our ownership because 
that's actually been a very attractive economic proposition. Obviously, taking control, we thought was beneficial. And 
as I said, we don't have a target number in mind. I would differ with the idea that there are limitations on the amount of 
capital that can be raised there to get to the 3.5 times level. We believe we can work through those issues and that 
Sirius can move forward to get to 3.5 times. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Any sort of direction you think this can take, what range of possibilities you can work with 
there? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I'm not sure I understand the question. If you're asking about – I think there was perceived 
structural limitations on because of existing issues. I believe those are entirely workable. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thank you. 


Operator 

And next, we'll move to Jason Bazinet with Citi. 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: Thanks. Since you now have de jure control of Sirius, if I could ask a strategic question 
on that front, in the past, you've talked about the potential attractiveness of telematics and I was just wondering if you 
could elaborate on what it is about that business that's attractive. And is that something, if you decide to go down that 
path, that you can do organically or does it, by definition, necessitate M&A? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thanks, Jason. I think there are a couple things in – if anybody was at the – one of your 
competitor's conferences yesterday, I think Jim Meyer was articulate on some of the opportunities. This is a natural 
extension of where SiriusXM is now. A trusted supplier to the OEMs, to the car industry providing already, not only 
entertainment, but already information. You asked about telematics; we already have at least one OEM to whom we're 
supplying or contracted to supply telematics, a broader set of information than just entertainment. And I think we 
already do that in other places, like the Aviation business and like the Marine business, and it's a natural extension of 
both what we have done in other industries with SiriusXM and what SiriusXM has with the relationship with the Car 
business. The opportunity to get a recurring revenue stream, direct with consumers based on their experience in the car, 
I think is right up SiriusXM's alley. I think they both have an interesting organic opportunity. But that's not to say we 
wouldn't, if we're presented with the right opportunity, consider utilizing some of the balance sheet capacity and strong 
cash flow capabilities of SiriusXM to accelerate our entry. 

<Q - Jason Boisvert Bazinet>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we have Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. I was just curious what your reaction was to the state of announcements out 
of Barcelona. Ford with Spotify, the 4G announcement with GM and all that. I know it's been – the broadcast platform 
is wonderful, but you, Greg, have been particularly cognizant of competition and how everything develops with the 
dashboards. I'd just to get your views, as well as the guys at SiriusXM. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think all the actions, like General Motors working with AT&T, just indicates the 
increased direction of the connected car and the car manufacturers, and General Motors being among the leaders, 
driving to raise the level of connectedness and intelligence in the car. And that plays in well to where we think the 
strategy for SiriusXM is and I think all of those things are good accelerators of the opportunity for telematics and for 
SiriusXM in telematics. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And next, we'll take Bryan Kraft with Evercore Partners. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Hi. Thank you. I just had two questions, I guess one, which assets did you sell since the end of 
last quarter to utilize the Starz capital losses? It looked like there was around $400 million of asset sales there. And then 
also, Greg, I just want to ask you, I mean strategically, now you've got a controlling stake in Sirius, Starz is gone, no 
substantial operating asset. Does an eventual arm to you even make much sense at this point longer-term or does it 
make it more sense to try to reach some agreement to combine Liberty Media and Sirius? And just the leftover assets, 
once you settle public securities, are pretty minimal anyway. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I'll take the second first and then I'll let Chris Shean answer about the securities sold. 
If you think about the direction, and obviously we're – as I noted, change is constant and we're never certain of exactly 


what our direction will be for the long-term because we're relatively opportunistic. But if you think about the direction, 
we're less likely to go in and try to combine, I think, the securities of Liberty Media, which still trade at somewhat of a 
discount to fair value, in our minds, with SiriusXM and we're more likely, if we wanted to, increase our ownership of 
SiriusXM to continue to let SiriusXM repurchase stock and drive – draw us up that way, with us not participating in a 
buyback. That seems like a more logical way to go. 

I would discount a little bit or – not discount – I would take issue a little bit with the idea that we don't have other 
operating businesses and we have an interesting opportunities around Live Nation, around Barnes & Noble potentially 
and obviously there are other operating assets more like [ph] TP and the Braids (14:16). But above all, there's still quite 
a lot of cash, quite a lot of non-core asset securities that we have said are not core to our business: debt securities, 
equity securities in which we own small minority stakes, have no path to control that provide firepower. 

And we'd like to believe one of our competencies is an ability to reinvest that capital wisely, so I – we're still out on the 
hunt for opportunity and I think we, in a – it's a relatively difficult environment today with the low interest rates and 
relatively high multiples, but we are confident somewhere along the line we'll find something wise to do with that 
money. 

With that, Chris, maybe I'll let you answer the part about what securities we sold. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean>: We lightened ship in our shares of – in shares Time Warner, Viacom and we got 
completely out of our Sprint position. 

<Q - Bryan D. Kraft>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And next, we'll move to John Tinker with Maxim. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thank you. Just following up on your Barnes & Noble comments, I think there, that Chairman 
Riggio filed this week to announce that he's intending to make a buyback offer for the retail stores but not for NOOK. 
And as you mentioned, Pearson invested $90 million or so in NOOK. How are you sort of thinking about which – do 
you have any views on which way you'd like to go on that or how are you thinking about it? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I would clarify one thing. I believe because he had an existing 13D, because of his 
large equity ownership position, Len Riggio was required to amend that he might consider making an offer and no offer 
has been made. There is an independent committee that's been formed to – if something has to get done, but I think it's 
very preliminary and we'll see where Len goes with that. And that seems in line with where Len's heritage and heart 
have been in the retail stores, while understanding and being very encouraging, meaning Len, of needing a longer-term 
and an ebook solution, a tablet solution, a store online. And so it was very logical that he would want to be interested in 
the retail stores but supportive of the NOOK Media business. 

As far as where we would go, we – I think by the terms of our preferred, we have a fair amount of right to influence or 
block any sale that we don't see as advantageous. And we'll wait and see what happens, whether a transaction occurs 
and what the format and how NOOK Media is organized going forward. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Next, we'll move to Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks so much. So, Greg, I'll be down to asking a question about the Atlanta Braves 
soon. But this quarter, I'm curious, can you give us a sense of the rate of return you demand from your investments in 
your Liberty portfolio at this point and whether SIRI is held to that same standard or does its scale and size suggest a 


lower rate of return's acceptable? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I'd be happier to talk about the Uptons and the outfield, if that was helpful. But I don't 
think we have a fixed rate of return we seek. We're cognizant of both risk – certain kinds of securities and transactions 
have different amounts of risk and therefore, you might be willing to or require a higher rate of return. You might not 
be able to put as much financial leverage on them because of – they have operating leverage. And you also need to 
recognize a low interest rate environment, in which the opportunities are clearly less. The marginal rate of return has 
come down quite a bit of the opportunities we see. So part of the reason why we sit with that cash is we have not been – 
seen enough opportunities with a – the combination of risk, return, financability to meet a hurdle. 

As far as SiriusXM, while the – by some measures, the valuation and multiple are pretty high, by all measures, the 
company has a strong growth path. We're very optimistic about its positioning in the car, with consumers, operating 
leverage in the business, its ability to extend itself into new markets. We remain quite bullish on the growth prospects 
for the company and so whatever hurdle we would have internally, I'm confident SiriusXM will meet that. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: I was hoping you'd have there only to the extent that buying back your stock is investing 
further in that asset. And so any sense of your level of patience in terms of trying to find alternative investments outside 
of Liberty for the cash versus just saying, you know what, we'll buy more SIRI by buying more LMCA? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, we're buying more SIRI in two ways. Right now, SIRI is buying itself back, which is 
increasing our ownership, and we are buying more LMCA. LMCA, candidly, ain't the bargain it once was in at least 
one sense, not only – in two senses: not only do you – have you already had the enormous upside of SiriusXM, but we 
are not trading at as large a discount to net asset value as we have at various times. So candidly, we need to be 
thoughtful, look outside. The scale of Sirius and our larger position of Sirius, I think, can still drive good return to 
LMCA, but just the sheer act of our buyback. I think we bought back something like 45% of the original LMCA shares 
of under $35. Clearly, we're not going to get the kind of leverage on buyback to pop an NAV that we once did, so we 
need to look outside. But Sirius is large enough asset to still grow and be meaningful in the LMCA portfolio. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Got it. Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll take our last question from Martin Pyykkonen with Wedge Partners. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Yeah, thanks. One on the Barnes & Noble, Greg. You may be a little broader; you've had 
the stake for awhile and I'm just curious how you're all thinking of the traditional retail brick-and-mortar side to 
whatever [indiscernible] (20:27) you think that's undervalued in the market. And then on the NOOK, you really haven't 
done anything yourselves with additional investment. It's obviously a very competitive business. I'm curious how you 
feel about the NOOK business from that standpoint. And then secondly, just on SIRI and the search for a new CEO, I 
know you're not going to say candidates, obviously, but are you looking for any particular traits, industry experience? 
I'll just throw out kind of the consumer industry as one example; some others could be brought up. But I'm just curious 
if there's anything you can say on that in terms of kind of the background and experience and skills you're looking for. 
Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Sure. I think since we've been invested in Barnes & Noble, the Retail business has probably 
performed better than most outside observers would have thought and I think probably at least as well or better than we 
would have thought. Absorbing the Borders dissolution, moving quickly to – through that and actually benefiting from 
that more quickly than anticipated has meant Retail has performed pretty well. And we have always been of the view 
that there will be retail bookstores around for a long time. There's likely to be one retail bookstore around for a long 
time, called Barnes & Noble. And that has so far proven the path that the decay rate has been much less than most 
people would have forecast. 

On the other side of the house, we took an early position in Barnes & Noble, recognizing, we thought, two ideas: one, 
that the retail would decay less quickly; and two, that many important partners, like a Microsoft or a Pearson, would 


find the NOOK Media business strategic. And so we got in early at a valuation which, compared to the valuations 
which those partners have come in at, is attractive. It made less sense for us to be involved in the NOOK Media 
business directly because we didn't have some of the elements of distribution and some of the royalty elements and 
kind of relationships that – or content that some of those partners could bring. What we really thought of ourselves as 
was seeing value there early on the two parts. And so for at least on paper, less in the market, that's proven to be so. 
We'll see if we ultimately are correct. 

SiriusXM CEO traits; thank you. I don't think there's an industry we're looking at. If you had to ask of the perfect 
person who doesn't exist, but some of the characteristics that perfect person which he or she would have would include 
experience with subscription businesses, like cable, like satellite, like the SiriusXM business itself; experience with the 
changing technologies, recognizing that we both have opportunities and potential threats from IP; and talked already 
about some of the opportunities by extending into things like telematics. I think a technology background would be 
helpful. A direct marketing knowledge on how to reach out to a new set of customers, because we believe there's an 
untapped reservoir of customers out there for SiriusXM, would be helpful. And finally, some experience with content 
businesses because the strength of our content is one of the two differentiators for SiriusXM. We are not a commodity 
music service; we are many things on top of that. And I think someone who understands how to bring exclusive 
content, differentiated content to SiriusXM would be helpful. So those are, off the top of my head, four things that I 
would point to as all being strengths that a perfect candidate would have. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Thanks. That's helpful. 

Operator 

And, everyone, that does conclude our question-and answer-session and that does conclude our conference call for 
today. Thank you, all, for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


