Q2 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
• Albert E. Rosenthaler 
• John C. Malone 
Other Participants 

• Barton Crockett 
• Jeff D. Wlodarczak 
• Amy Yong 
• Vijay Jayant 
• James M. Ratcliffe 
• Benjamin D. Swinburne 
• Thomas William Eagan 
• Kannan Venkateshwar 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Second 
Quarter Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Courtnee Ulrich, Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Ulrich 

Good morning. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about 
business strategies, market potential, future financial performance, new service and product launches, the proposed 
spinoff of Liberty Broadband, and the related Series C rights offerings, and Series C stock issuance and other matters 
that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new product or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, our ability to satisfy the conditions 
to the proposed spinoff and continued access to capital on terms acceptable to Liberty Media. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements, contained herein 
to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or 


circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary notes and Schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 

And now, I'd like to introduce Greg Maffei, President and CEO of Liberty. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee, and welcome to all of you out there. Good morning. Today, besides myself, we will have Chris 
Shean, Liberty Media's Chief Financial Officer. So let me address some of the structural progress we made during the 
quarter, which I think was good work. First, we completed the distribution of our Series C shares on July 24. We're 
very pleased with the market response of those new shares. The two issues of Liberty A and Liberty C are basically 
trading on top of each other, very tight spread under 1%. We also filed the S-1 for our previously announced spin-off of 
Liberty Broadband. 

We anticipate completing this spin in Q4. We do plan to have debt at Broadband in the range of $300 million to $350 
million when we'd begun working on that financial aspect of the deal. We also anticipate a rights offering as a part of 
this spin which if the stock trades about where it is now would raise something on the order of $700 million. The 
mechanics that we anticipate for this rights offering will be similar to the mechanics we utilized in the Liberty Ventures 
rights offering. 

Now, let me turn to the operational details. We also made good progress during the quarter on all of our major 
businesses from an operating perspective. SiriusXM reported strong Q2 results. Subscribers increased to over 26.3 
million. Q2 revenue was up 10% to $1 billion. Q2 adjusted EBITDA was up 31% to a record $370 million. SiriusXM 
bought back $1.6 billion so far in 2014 and increased its repurchase authorization by another $2 billion. Cumulative 
authorization to-date is $6 billion, and as a result of their share repurchases, and our not participating in their 
repurchases, Liberty's ownership stake has now been increased to 56%. 

At Live Nation, they continue to make significant progress, both in their operating performance and on mobile and 
resale. Mobile ticket sales were up nearly 40% in the first half of the year, 17% of all the tickets that they sold were 
purchased on a mobile platform. Ticketmaster resale, the effort to sell previously sold tickets, is now up 30% for the 
first half of the year and we're excited about that progress. We expect that Live Nation will have another record year for 
full year 2014. 

Charter also had a strong quarter. A third of the customer base at Charter now subscribes to triple-play service, a big 
improvement. The all-digital launch and upgrade of their network is on plan, and is now offered to 60% of all video 
customers. And by year-end, we expect that the network will be fully digital, all customers will have access to Charter's 
spectrum, which is our complete suite of all digital products and services. 

With that, let me turn it over to Chris Shean to talk about our financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. Just a reminder that even though SiriusXM's financial results are consolidated in the Liberty financial 
statements, for analysis purposes, we suggest that you use their separately filed documents for that work. 

At quarter end, Liberty had cash and liquid investments of $806 million, along with principal amount of debt of $5.9 
billion, which includes the debt balances of SiriusXM and a portion of the margin loans entered into as part of the 
Charter Communications investment. Included in the $806 million in cash and liquid investments at June 30 is $170 
million of cash held at SiriusXM. Liberty's cash and liquid investments excluding that cash, the Sirius cash, was $636 
million. 


Now with that quick summary, I'll turn it back over to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thanks, Chris. To our audience, we appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media. And I'd now like to open it up 
for questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question today from Barton Crockett with FBR Capital 
Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, thanks for taking the question. I was curious about the share repurchase stance at 
Sirius. I know you guys are not currently participating. You have participated in the past. Under what circumstances 
would you consider participating again? What keeps you on the sidelines at this point? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: If the stock gets to $10, I would anticipate that if they were doing some share repurchase, 
we might be willing to do some of that. But short of that, Barton, I don't really – I think we like the business, we are 
enthused about their prospects, thought they had a strong quarter and continue to make good progress on a bunch of 
both operating and strategic fronts. We did as you rightly point out participate in one structured buyback at a price 
above the current market price. And, in part, that was to refund capital and get it back to the mother ship. And some of 
that's been accomplished, so we have no current plan or intent to sell. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And then if I could follow up on Sirius with one other just question about feature set. 
So the industry has changed a lot I think with Apple buying Beats and bringing subscription music to the forefront. 
Spotify is getting bigger, might IPO, if you read some press reports. Do you think that it would be important for a 
service like Sirius to include this kind of on-demand music feature at some level and do you see any potential to get 
there, given some of the music rights licensing difficulties in the U.S.? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think, that is a great question. It's one that the SiriusXM folks and even some people here 
at Liberty spend a lot of time thinking about. First, I would note that we do have a streamed offering and you can get a 
streamed version of SiriusXM already. Secondly, there is a – it's clear that, over time, all services, including ours, will 
become more device independent and be able to be reached across a range of devices and a range whether it be satellite 
or wireless or wired, lots of ways to reach the product and I think that's going to happen and then grow. 

Complicating that is some issues, I think, around whether people are paying for the service as they are for our 
subscriptions or whether they are for subscriptions at Spotify or whether they are utilizing free services like Pandora 
which also has a subscription, but in the main is an ad-based product and Spotify has a very strong free version too. 
Their free version is something like four times as big as their subscription version. 

So lot's of complicating factors. I'm confident that you will see movement and direction from us about how we 
anticipate playing. As I mentioned, we do already, but you'll see further efforts in that area, but as you rightly point out, 
the rights issues, how to make an attractive business out of that are still open questions. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jeff Wlodarczak from Pivotal Research Group. 


<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Good morning, Greg. I'll stick with SIRI as well. Now that you have the experience of 
pushing through two official price increases, I guess, ignoring the license fee increases. What's your comfort level of 
that SIRI taking additional potential bigger price hikes in the medium-term and long-term? And then any thoughts – 
your latest thoughts about potential M&A at SIRI? You mentioned at a conference that SIRI could possibly win some 
organically telematics business, is that what we should be focusing on going forward there? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think you rightly noted that SIRI, after a long period of not taking any price 
increases for many, many years, took a couple over the last few years. And fortunately, churn is down or flat to down in 
every case. It's really been a testimony to the product and service desirability among customers. The churn is not 
waivered or increased through that. It is clear that we have a highly committed group of customers who appreciate the 
product and service and are willing to find value in it and pay what we charge. I'm not going to comment on any further 
price increases, but I would note that there is this group that is very committed to the product. 

Around acquisitions, I don't think that telematics space is one where we need to enhance the SiriusXM offering. There 
are a relatively few handful of competitors out there. Most of them are now in the hands of large companies. There are 
certainly things we could do and I suspect if we bought a service that already had a bunch of customers, but in the 
main, they're like us relatively small, trying to get larger. We have the technology we need. We have the offering and 
relationship that we want with the OEMs. And I think SiriusXM is very well positioned in the telematics space. So I 
don't see that as front and center. Some have speculated on Sirius in the streaming space. I think we would have to first 
figure out exactly how that's going to be an attractive business, a flanker brand, how does it fit with our current 
offerings. So I think there is a bunch of work done before you'd anticipate doing something there. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Thanks. And then one another one. As it relates to Liberty Broadband's holdings and Time 
Warner Cable, is there any reason hypothetically that you can't trade the $400 million stake you have in Tim Warner 
Cable post to close the Comcast, Time Warner Cable deal with Comcast, some sort of tax reason, or is that something 
you could do immediately after the deal closed? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, by the terms of that deal, it's going to convert right into Comcast stock and cash. So, 
could we figure a way to swap for more shares or more subs or something along those lines? Maybe. But I think it's a 
fairly complicated tax question to jigger their whole deal. So I would be cautious in anticipating that we would be able 
to do that. Albert, would you add anything to that answer? 

<A - Albert E. Rosenthaler>: No, we will get some stock in Charter out of the transaction. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Right, right. As a part of the transaction, we will, net, get some Charter stock as well. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Okay, thanks very much. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Amy Yong with Macquarie. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. One question on SIRI and then another question on Broadband. So first on SIRI, you tried 
consolidating SIRI earlier this year. I guess what's your urgency in pursuing a transaction like that at this point? And 
should we view the distribution of your C shares as a way to keep that option on the table? And then I have a follow up 
on Broadband. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Okay. So I'm never able to hold two questions in my mind at one time. So let me try and 
answer this one first. Look, I think Liberty is highly opportunistic and changes its direction and tune depending on our 
mindset and market conditions all the time. But I believe we've been pretty consistent here, which is we control 
SiriusXM, we like SiriusXM, we consolidate it already from an accounting perspective, we don't yet consolidate it 
from a tax perspective. If the right set of circumstances arose on the relative valuations and we thought that an offer 
would be well received by the SiriusXM shareholders, we would anticipate that we might very well make that offer 


again, but it doesn't seem to be that time and place right now. The issuance of the C shares, the fact that they now trade 
probably makes that simpler, but I think we'll wait and see what happens in the future. And we'll see how the stock 
trades. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. And then just on Liberty Broadband, does it at all change your opportunity, your appetite to 
take your stake in Charter up to 35% through 2016? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I don't think so. The creation of Liberty Broadband might allow us do that more efficiently, 
because we you have a set of investors who are just believers in the cable asset and who will follow along in our 
hopefully. If we want to increase our stake, there will be capital raise for that. And so in that sense perhaps, but we like 
the Charter asset. We've increased our stake in Charter once already. I could anticipate we might do it again, but we'll 
see what time and place brings. We remain very interested and very excited about Charter's prospects. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Vijay Jayant with ISI Group. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Hi, Greg, a couple. First on Cable M&A broadly, given the prevailing transactions, can you sort 
of comment what's the appetite at five times levered at Charter and also at Liberty Broadband once the separation is 
done, to do more M&A? And is there real opportunity out there; are there real sellers out there given the broad 
consolidation in Cable? 

And second on Sirius, according to my math, if Liberty does not sell pro-rata into the buyback, Sirius could be sort of 
private effectively in like four years. I mean, is that the more logical path rather than doing some sort of a swap or 
maybe get out [ph] of stub (16:24) at the end to take all of Sirius, and can you sort of just talk like, where do you sort of 
see Sirius as an investment within the Liberty Media umbrella in three years to five years? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Okay. First on Cable M&A. I think the Liberty family has broadly been an espouser of the 
benefits of consolidation in Cable, and Liberty Media is certainly in that thought process. And we remain excited not 
only about the transaction that was announced, but is not yet closed. The swapping with Comcast, the purchase of the 
Time Warner subs, and then effectively management and putting our foot on the Spinco, we think that's a very 
appealing transaction. 

But I think there are other transactions out there. If you're a non-aligned, meaning non-Comcast, non-Charter cable 
company, you are at somewhat of a competitive disadvantage in the video space if you do not have a "big brother" who 
is helping lower your cost of content. And so as these things naturally turn because they're in the hands of private 
equity or there is generational changes, I think Charter is probably the natural acquirer, given Comcast's market 
position, regulatory challenges, and will have the largest number of synergies. I also think the demonstrated operating 
success of Tom, John Bickham, the team there at Charter suggests that a lot of people would feel very comfortable 
having them run their assets. So we remain interested, optimistic, and hopeful. You alluded to Liberty Broadband, I 
think anything we did highly likely would be through Charter rather than outside of Charter, but never say never, but I 
would say highly likely through Charter. 

Turning to SIRI, depending on your projections of free cash flow and your projections of their buyback rate and your 
projections of their stock price, like all Excel spreadsheets work, we will sooner or later own the whole thing, if we 
don't participate. But that has a lot of assumptions between here and there. And I don't think there is any meaningful 
difference between us being at 53% and 56% or even 66%, it's probably not until you get to about 80% and you start to 
have to figure out what to do about the tax sharing when something becomes a meaningful change. 

We'll see how this goes. Our history is that, in general, we have preferred not to chase companies. Happy to sit with 
large even controlled positions, and not necessarily 100% because closing out the last dollar and getting agreement 
from the last shareholder is an expensive way to clean up the process. So we'll see how this goes, not pursuing that 


cleaning out the process strategy. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to James Ratcliffe with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Two, if I could. First of all, following up on 
the SIRI commentary. Probably, can you talk about the desire to actually get cash out of SIRI and how important 
additional cash sitting at the LMCA versus having [ph] it sitting and then SIRI (19:48) are used to shrink your SIRI 
equity stake. And if you're feeling at all liquidity constrained at LMCA? And secondly, I mean, you mentioned that 
you're thinking of pretty much anything you do when cable acquisition will be through Charter, in terms of funding that 
and the like, is there anything preventing you once the Broadband split is done from, say, doing a marginal loan against 
the existing Charter position if there were something you wanted to at the Broadband level? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I'll take the second one first because it's easier. No, there's nothing preventing us and we 
could margin that Charter stock and get incremental capital as we know we're planning to raise $300 million $350 
million that may very well be in the form of a margin loan, and then the $700 million-ish that we anticipate through the 
rights offering should mean that Liberty Broadband starts out with at least $1 billion of cash out of the blocks. At the 
cash level at LMCA, we're sitting at about $800 million. It really depends on what we want to do. There's clearly an 
ability if we so chose to generate capital out of SIRI and still hold our position, I mean quite easily we could get $1 
billion out of it and still hold of more than 50% of the company. And if they increase their leverage, which they 
publicly announce they are willing to do or intending to do, that number would be much higher. So I don't think it's that 
challenge. There you be some tax leakage if we did it versus owning the 100%, that's one of the reasons we've talked 
about the appeal of owning greater than 80% that there will be no tax leakage for moving cash back and forth. 

But in general, we could get capital out of there. And, frankly, we've been lucky or blessed that our track record over 
the last few years has been good. And when most of these transactions have come along, we've been approached by 
fellow travelers, who were interested in investing alongside us. And I think depending on the opportunity, we could 
raise incremental capital in quite large size for the right opportunity not only in the capital markets, but perhaps from 
larger institutions who play alongside us. So I don't – well, I don't see a lot of cash in the balance sheet, I acknowledge, 
I think I see ways to get cash. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And, we'll take our next question from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Thanks. I had a couple. Greg, any update on your plans, your contracts up at the end 
of this year, I think at the beginning of the year, you said, you felt you had a lot of time to get a new contract done and 
then no rush, and here we are in August, any update for us on that process and how it's going? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think my comments from the beginning of the year still remain had good discussions and 
going along. John, do you want to add anything? 

<A - John C. Malone>: Work in progress. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Work in progress from the Chairman. Next question. 


<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Sure. There is some language in the S-1 around keeping the spin tax-free. I just 
wanted to ask you, if you had any specifics on the buyback piece of Liberty Broadband. I think you'd be unlikely to buy 
back stock for a period of time. But any sort of specific timeframe on how long you'd want to wait to make sure you 
were in the clear on that? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I'm going to throw it to Albert, who's looking perplexed. 

<A - Albert E. Rosenthaler>: Yeah, I don't think there is any limitations on us if the stock price were appropriate and 
we wanted to do buybacks that we could do so. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Okay, great. And then I may be the first person to ever ask a TruePosition question, 
but since there's a lot of good information in here about that... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: You're just trying to show-off, Ben, I know. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Yeah. Well, it's a business that I don't think anyone really knows how to value. So 
there is a couple interesting things in here, one, there is some apparently some FCC focus on mandating in-building 
coverage, which might help TruePosition's position – excuse the phrase – So I wonder if you could comment on that. 

And then second, you make the point in here that there is one customer representing the vast majority of the revenue. I 
think that contract's up in a couple years. So just any color on, like, the outlook for the business, if it's expected to 
grow, if there's any sort of big things we should be focused on that can move that business around? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, let me give a second and frame it. They have a technology, which enables GSM 
devices to be located in-building, and because it tracks off the cellular towers. That is a far more accurate way and far 
more precise way to find a device than GPS, particularly in-building. There are some attempts to boost GPS 
capabilities. But in general, that is not sufficient. So there have been a series of tests run by different parts, the FCC is 
overseeing some, Homeland Security has been interested because the E911 mandate says, you're supposed to be able to 
find a phone and find a person with a phone. There are security and Homeland Security implications, but there are also 
just EMT implications. 

So the power of TruePosition is this mandate to try and be able to find a device. Some of its customers have tried as 
much as possible to weaken that mandate, because they are not interested in leasing or utilizing the technology and 
paying the money, and that is the fight. To the degree that we receive further strengthening of the E911 mandate, 
TruePosition's prospects are dramatically improved, and to the degree that we don't, they're weakened. So that is the 
basic business case for TruePosition. 

<Q - Benjamin D. Swinburne>: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Tom Eagan with Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: Great. Thank you. Following the Broadband spin, is there any reason why LBRDA 
wouldn't support LBTYA in its efforts to consolidate cable systems or content and if so, would that be outside of 
Charter? And then, I have a follow up. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think, LBRD is unlikely to be investing alongside LBTYA, just because the moment 
Liberty Global has been focused overseas and we've been focused domestically. And John, is going to – you're going to 
add... 

<A - John C. Malone>: No, my only input on that would be close cooperation on technology developments across the 
whole global cable industry. I think, we will be very interested in encouraging Charter and others to work together with 
Comcast and with LGI. And in that regard, one of our directors on Charter today is the LGI Chief Technical Officer, 
Balan Nair. And so, we think there is an enormous amount of cooperative synergies. But in terms of financial 


combination, I think it's highly unlikely. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: Okay. And then in terms of Cable consolidation, what does your experience and your 
numbers tell you about the relative return or value of acquiring small systems, say ones that have fewer than 1 million 
subscribers. Thanks. 

<A - John C. Malone>: Extremely accretive. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: All right. Any comment about how those returns compare with larger system M&A. 
Thanks. 

<A - John C. Malone>: It's a lot of work, but they're very accretive typically, especially if they're within your 
management area. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: It depends a lot on the footprint location. 

<Q - Thomas William Eagan>: Right, right. Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. 

<Q - Kannan Venkateshwar>: Thank you. So, Greg, you mentioned the creation of the Broadband entity, one of the 
reasons is to create a currency to allow investors to co-invest with you and Cable assets and so on, and you'll end up 
with $1 billion in cash once the process is over in that vehicle. But then you also mentioned that Charter will be your 
main vehicle for M&A for cable. So what kind of optionality does the Broadband entity provide when it comes to 
investing in cable systems? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think – I'd suggest that it could be our main way, but I didn't – it's not limited, there 
might be other alternatives. The other thing is Liberty Broadband will be making decisions about how to help Charter 
do incremental deals if they need capital and Liberty Broadband will be making decisions about how much more 
Charter it wants to invest in. So I think it's got a couple of optionality pieces. 

<A - John C. Malone>: Including co-investing, by the way... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah. 

<A - John C. Malone>: ...which could be an interesting way to stretch Charter's firepower and provide superior returns 
to Broadband. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So it might invest in alongside Charter as well as through Charter. Right? 

<Q - Kannan Venkateshwar>: Okay. All right, thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll take our final question today from Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. Tom Rutledge and his team have a pretty nice algorithm for turning or 
bending the curve on growth in systems. It isn't instantaneous, but it's pretty fast. I was curious you got a pretty 
prominent guy, Michael Willner over at Spinco. Are there strategies on bundling and pricing promotion necessarily can 
emulate Charter's? And could you hypothetically try to do some deals with some more smaller guys along the terms of 
Spinco, I know some of that is driven by the specifics of the Comcast transaction, but it still seems like an interesting 
angle folding some other guys into the team. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, the relationship between Spinco and Charter will be aligned to a degree, because 
there was a management contract for [ph] many (30:00) of the systems, I think about 90% of the systems will actually 
be managed by Charter. Michael Willner, I think, is of like-mind to Tom and his team in terms of what he expects to 
do. He obviously has fiduciary obligations to his Spinco shareholders, including Charter, who owns a third, but also the 
non-Charter shareholders. And I'm sure that will be run in a thoughtful way. As I said, about 90% of the systems will 
be managed by Charter, but about 10% will be managed directly. And could it be the case that Spinco, which I think it's 
been announced that I will be a director of, would look for cable acquisitions that are synergistic and fit well with it. 
I'm sure it will, a little, pursue ways to maximize its shareholder value. And there maybe systems that they find 
logically fit much better with them than Charter, and I'm sure they'll be the ones who try and do the purchase. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you all for joining us this morning and your continued interest in Liberty. I hope to speak with you next quarter 
if not sooner. 

Operator 

Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


