Q2 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Chun Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
Other Participants 

• Barton Crockett 
• Jeff D. Wlodarczak 
• David C. Joyce 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• John P. Tinker 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Martin Pyykkonen 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. 
Today's call is being recorded. And at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over 
to Courtnee Ulrich, VP-Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Chun Ulrich 

Good morning. Before we begin, we'd like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about 
financial guidance, business strategy, market potential, future financial performance, new service and product launches, 
and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including 
without limitation possible changes in market acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory 
issues, and continued access to capital on terms acceptable to Liberty Media. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to 
reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note and Schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

Now, I'd like to introduce Liberty's President and CEO, Greg Maffei. 

Gregory B. Maffei 


Thank you, Courtnee. Good morning to all of you. Today speaking on the call besides myself, we'll have our CFO, 
Chris Shean. 

On to some of the highlights, beginning with SiriusXM. Sirius had outstanding second quarter results, setting records in 
many categories. Subscribers increased to over $25 million, revenues were up 12% and due to some fine operating 
leverage, adjusted EBITDA was up 19%. Notably, they repurchased close to $1.3 billion worth of shares in the quarter 
since the beginning of year rather with a big uptick in Q2 over Q1. Our ownership in SiriusXM is now over 53%. 

Turning to Charter, which reported solid operating results this morning, it was gratifying to see some of the improved 
customer trends across all of their primary service unit categories. Residential PSUs were up 38,000, commercial PSUs 
were up 16,000. They increased their triple play percentage. We're beginning to see strong revenue growth in video, 
Internet and commercial and find traction with some of their all-digital and improved customer service levels that are 
resonating with customers. Tom and his team are doing an excellent job. 

At Live Nation, they continue to execute on their festival expansion, Rdio became the official sponsor on 
livenation.com and the official streaming music sponsor at Live Nation's 2013 Country Music Festivals. This kicked 
off in July with the Faster Horses Music Festival and continues with Watershed later this summer, I'm sure you'll all be 
attending. 

Equally hot was the EDM space, electronic dance music, and they're partnering with bands and brands such as 
Insomniac and we have a great strong concert season; Beyonce, Mrs. Carter, Pink, Jay Z and Justin Timberlake. So a 
fine operating quarter for many of those businesses. 

And now turning at Liberty Media, the parent, I want to comment about share repurchases. Liberty Media has entered 
into an arrangement, which if completed as of July 31, would have resulted in a cash payment of approximately $380 
million as a part of the transaction for the repurchase of series A shares. I won't provide incremental details on this until 
and unless the transaction is completed, which is expected to occur before the end of the year. 

The transaction is subject to certain conditions and the cash payment amount is variable and may change to a degree. 
The arrangement does not impact our current share repurchase authorization, which still stands at $327 million. 

So with that, let me turn it over to Chris to talk about some of our financial results in more detail. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks Greg. Given our ownership of over 50% of Sirius, as I had mentioned in Q1, their results are now consolidated 
with Liberty's financial statements. The combination of consolidating Sirius and the presentation of Starz in disc ops 
has made our P&L and year-over-year changes a little bit confusing and hard to follow. We encourage you to go 
directly to SiriusXM's separate financial statements, which are on their website and in publicly filed documents to do 
your analysis on our investment in Sirius. 

At quarter end, Liberty had cash and liquid investments of $937 million, and principal amount of debt of $4.2 billion, 
which includes the debt balances of Sirius and the margin loans that we entered into as part of the Charter 
Communications investment. 

And we'll turn it back to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

So overall, I think it was a great quarter, hard to find too many faults other than we had a mistake on the front page of 
our earnings release because the Braves are actually now 13.5 games in first place. Overall, we're very pleased with the 
quarter. I want to thank you for your continued interest in Liberty. And with that operator, I'd like to open it up for 
questions. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll hear first from Barton Crockett of Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Great. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to make sure, I understood what you're 
saying about the $380 million repurchase. Are you saying that Liberty is going to now stop participating in SiriusXM 
share repurchase and they could buyback the Sirius shares that you guys own? That's point one. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So, you want me to answer them now or when you finish delivering the questions? 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Well, I think, I mean the is a follow-up will dependent on how you answer. So. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Okay. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: I'm not sure I understood. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: That was about... 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: What are you doing with SiriusXM. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I was not commenting on our participation in SiriusXM's repurchases and I'm not going to 
comment on our participation. Other than to say, up until July for a variety of reasons we were prohibited effectively 
from participating in the share repurchase. We're not – we will not and have not disclosed whether we intend to 
participate in the future and obviously you'll have to look back at the end of whatever period and see if we did 
participate. Obviously, we have not participated to date as of the data were just reporting. The point I was commenting 
on was our own share repurchases and an arrangement we've entered into to repurchase our own shares in which 
approximately $380 million as of today would have been the cash portion of that transaction. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying that. And then on a separate point here, could you talk 
about your appetite for additional investments in the cable sector, obviously you've made a big investment in Charter, 
and you've had a lot of discussion about consolidation in the industry. When you look at the pool of capital in Liberty 
Media, and maybe other pools that you might be able to marshal to your side like Liberty Ventures, and to what degree 
are you interested in putting some of the capital that you could tap in venues like that into buying stakes in another 
cable companies? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think it's unlikely that we would participate in buying stakes in other cable 
companies, other than in helping Charter execute on any plans that it has. I first want to make note that we were very 
excited about the Charter business plan as we've talked about before, for a variety of reasons. We thought that they had 
lagged in investment and lagged in some – attacking some of the opportunities around triple play and around increased 
Internet penetration and that Tom Rutledge, and his excellent management team were uniquely qualified to go after that 
opportunity. And that opportunity beginning of itself was an attractive business plan combined with the NOLs that they 
had, all of those made the standalone business plan very interesting. We still believe that and we think today's – this 
morning's results indicate some of the progress on that path. 

We also thought there was optionality around other kinds of consolidation, but our investment was not conditioned 
around that optionality that only was a further incentive. So, I think that remains the case today. There is a lot of 
speculation about M&A, some of that may come to pass, it may not. Even if it doesn't, we're very excited about 
Charter's prospects and its ability to continue to grow its revenue and its EBITDA over the next several years much 
faster than the industry and provide very attractive rates of return. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thank you. 


Operator 

And we'll go next to Jeff Wlodarczak with Pivotal Research Group. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Hi. Good morning, guys. A couple on Sirius. Greg, I wanted to get your thoughts on 
Sirius's leverage targets. Should they be higher given what appears to still be very attractive debt financing 
environment? And then also is there anything you can see for Sirius in the M&A front that would strengthen the 
company in your view and I have one follow-up? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So on debt leverage targets, I think we've talked about numbers like 3.5. I'll acknowledge 
there has probably been some ambiguity about whether that's been a 3.5 gross or a3.5 net target. They obviously are 
below both those numbers, but I think you're seeing that they are aggressively increasing their leverage through things 
like the share buyback program. 

Also there is probably some need to retain flexibility because as Jim Meyer has commented on there are possibilities 
for M&A, we've expressed interest for example, in the telematics area. I think that's an area that the company has a 
very interesting foot hold in and has a uniquely qualified position given its relationship with the OEMs, its trusted 
status with the OEMs, to expand its telematics business and an acquisition might help that expansion. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: And then one follow-up on, unrelated to Sirius, but it's big picture. When you think about 
you or your portfolio companies making acquisitions, how important is it to have your target company's management 
supporting a deal? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think it's critical. It's very hard for us to imagine forcing an acquisition on one of our 
portfolio companies without the full support. And I'd like to think that... 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: I'm sorry. It's actually – I'm sorry, for the confusing question. I was thinking about a 
portfolio company making an acquisition of another company and that company's management being on board? How 
important is that? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Look, I think people have asked about friendly, unfriendly, there are all degrees in this and 
what starts out one way may end up another way. And I don't think we're making a hard statement about where our 
future enlies I think we're saying ultimately you need to reach some kind of consensus. 

<Q - Jeff D. Wlodarczak>: Fair enough. Thanks. 

Operator 

And we will take our next question from Vijay Jayant with International Strategy & Investment Group. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Thank you. It's David Joyce for Vijay. We were wondering if you could discuss the potential 
range of sources of liquidity or permanent financing for your Charter investment? And we know it's early days but what 
sort of structures do you think might make cable M&A opportunities attractive for all parties involved. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, the first, frankly the sources of potential capital for anything Liberty wishes to invest 
in cable or otherwise are many. We have some units that we have influence over that have the ability to dividend 
capital to us. We have shares in things that we think are strategic, that we could still reduce our interest in, but hold a 
majority position like Sirius. We have shares in both debt and equity instruments, which we've deemed non-strategic at 
various times that could be liquidated. We have the opportunity, there is no permanent debt really at Liberty Media. 

We consolidate some debt for accounting purposes, but it's all non-recourse to Liberty Media other than the investment 
or the margin that we have. One could imagine terming that out with all sorts of instruments, straight debt, convertible 
debt, exchangeable debt and frankly you could imagine even if we found something attractive enough, equity raises 
given our nature, it's probably more likely to be something like a rights offering, but all those potentials are on the 
table. 


Incrementally, we have sister companies and friendly pockets like Liberty Ventures that was mentioned earlier that, it's 
the right structure and obviously it would be have to be attractive for Ventures as well. If the right structure could be 
arranged, one could imagine something like that being a source of financing. So all of those are potentials and I'm sure 
I've forgotten a few others, but there are many. 

As far as the M&A and the structure I guess, I don't have a – it was horses for courses. I don't have a template, but I 
think in general we're very enthused about the relatively low rates even today of the debt markets and our preference 
would probably be to maintain high levels of leverage in cable, at least in the short-term. We would not to want to 
expose the company, our investment to huge reinvestment risk. But in many of these cases being able to extend out, 
mature out the maturities rather and have significant debt pay downs over the next three four years, we think means that 
you can take initially higher rates of leverage and have comfort that you'll bring that down to a much more modest level 
over several years. 

<Q - David C. Joyce>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we will hear next from Matthew Harrigan of Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: First I would like to congratulate you on the Braves being unscathed in the biogenesis 
scandal. 

First question, your Chairman has commented on the upside on over the top and monetizing it, and I think everyone 
realizes the video – the high-speed margins are lot higher than the video, but you've got a decent bucket of the gross 
margin dollars on video. Could you flush out the thinking on that, in some instances it feels like it's additive and in 
some instances I guess it's alternative to the traditional subscription bouquet? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think first, one of the things that appeals to us about the opportunity at Charter that 
Tom Rutledge and his team are pursuing is their belief that there is still an opportunity in video. That there is an 
opportunity, which they are aggressively acting on and beginning to see some traction on in increasing from basic to 
expanded basic and higher tiers and increase in their ARPUs, and in fact not foregoing the video opportunity, not 
dropping that opportunity. And we have confidence that in their territory they're going to have ability to gain traction 
increasingly on the video opportunity. 

They are also I think trying to paraphrase John, our Chairman, I think there is a risk in a world where you have 
increasingly large amounts of video streamed and you are not charging on a per-bit basis that your costs are rising 
faster than your revenues per carriage. In the United States, we have taken to some degree higher speeds as a proxy for 
consumption of bits, and they are not absolutely correlated. There is basis with – between the two. And over the 
long-term, it would seem like a fairer system for all is something which recognizes the amount of bits being consumed. 
And if video moves or other products move that consume many bits to the Internet, you have some recognition that 
would charges to reflect the consumption. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

And we will hear next from John Tinker of Maxim Group. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Hi. Thank you. The one company you didn't comment on Barnes & Noble and you obviously 
had tremendous the strong portfolio performance this quarter with everything around off to, except for Barnes & Noble 
which I noticed you've reduced slightly from $266 million to $275 million. Can you just talk about that a little, and 
given the change of – with the CEO moving on and the Nook unfortunately not working, how you see that playing out 
or options as to how it might play out. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Sure. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: First, I don't think it was a slight of Barnes & Nobles, it's to remember the perspective on 
Liberty, our position in Sirius, I think is $12ish billion. Our position in Charter is $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion and our 
position in Live is $900 million – $850 million, and our position on Barnes & Noble is $266 million. That is not a 
change in our perspective, that's why change is math around where relationship between our preferred and the 
underlying common price, and it was down slightly even though it is up for the year, was down slightly for quarter first. 

First, let's look at Liberty's position. It's a $204 million investment at cost, in which we have a seven-and-three quarters 
dividend on a preferred and I feel very comfortable about our downside risk. 

Now, looking at how the business will perform in our upside, I think that the – since we made the investment, the retail 
businesses have outperformed most expectations, colors remained strong, and the Nook has been a very tough and 
volatile space, largely related to the industry where people like Amazon have taken big charges, which are deemed to 
be investments for them. 

And people like Microsoft have taken big charges just on any number, $900 million charge for Surface, it's a very 
aggressive space. I think we're molting the strategy there to recognize that space and that others may be helpful partners 
in driving the hardware side. And I'm optimistic about the prospects for Barnes & Noble and molting its business to 
recognized it's strength with the Nook service, its eBook service, and many of the opportunities around that, but 
probably deemphasizing its hardware manufacturing and hardware contracting capabilities. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Would you be, if they did go private, would you be as comfortable owning a private position or 
at Liberty do you feel it's more appropriate to own public positions? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think we own plenty of private positions, but I'm not going to speculate on the relative 
merits of them being private or public. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

And we will go to our next question from Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Well. Thanks. A couple of questions, you've talked in the past about the difficulty in 
finding new investment ideas and now you've allocated a healthy amount of the excess capital to Charter. I'm just 
curious, if there is a little bit of when it rains it pours. You found Charter, is there other deals now that are starting to 
percolate or is the environment is still difficult to find good ideas? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think we are – we've seen some opportunities probably outside the United States, which 
are in distressed areas that we are looking at more closely just given the nature of what's happened in some of those 
geographies, in those economies. But I don't think it's necessarily particularly easier in the U.S. right now. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: And then, I know gets a bit esoteric, but it seems like the tax considerations for Liberty 
Media have really evolved right over the last few years to the point where, I think there is not a lot of NOLs left to 
trigger. And you have pretty big gains especially in your bigger equity stakes. And so, when we think about liquidity 
for Liberty, I know you talked about it a little bit. Should we really be thinking less about you selling stock, and more 
about levering up stock like you did to pull in funds to buy Charter? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Oh, I think that, look I mean, we're always sensitive to after tax returns and the reality is 
with a blended federal and corporate capital gains rate of approaching 40%, there is many reasons why to thing about 
ways other than a straight sale, particularly when you have big gains, and that's why, you've seen us over time do things 
like [ph] 3.55 (22:10) or reverse more as trusts or other variations on that exchangeable to try and come up with a better 


after tax return, so I don't think any of this is new. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Yeah, but I guess I asked the question poorly, but I was trying to get to that very point, 
which is did you feel there was an opportunity to create incremental value by taking advantage of some of those things 
at Liberty given the gains that you have in a lot of these stock prices or are there potential NOLs for other losses? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: There always is some opportunity to go do that and create another company. I mean, we've 
talked about some of the constraints where one of them would be, what is the critical mass size needed for Liberty to 
where are those businesses in their lifecycle and how do we feel about the timing on that. And three candidly, at 
various times we've had massively large discounts to NAV, upwards of 30%, and with that's been easy money to lean 
in and buy the stock of Liberty through share repurchase. And then subsequently complete a spin somewhere down the 
road. That's not as obvious today. We're thank you shareholders, closer to near NAV, so we've got to drive value in 
other ways probably than just a pure repurchase and spend. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Last follow-up for you is to, you mentioned that would Liberts ex-Sirius still have the 
critical mass that you would desire? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think that's a relative question. There is no absolute to that, and we'll see how all the other 
assets perform. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we will take our final question from Martin Pyykkonen with Wedge Partners. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Yeah. Thanks for the questions. One on Live Nation and one on, follow-up on Barnes & 
Noble. And on Live Nation, I'm just wondering you've commented on this before, but at this point that stock is up 
somewhere with the market obviously M&E group performing well, but it's still over 2X below multiples if you just 
compare with the Sirius, but it's also got an EBITDA margin that's sort of 10X below Sirius in terms of relative 
comparison. I'm just curious you sounded kind of positive on the things going on, they're doing a better at festivals, is 
this something that looks more attractive. Where you can go up to 35% on Live Nation with no further Board approval. 
I'm just trying to get a read for sentiment. 

Then on Barnes & Noble, specifically... go ahead, go ahead. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: No, I'd like – we probably are way too open and transparent about our intensions, but I don't 
think we're going to tell you, if we're going to buy more today. The stock was recognized, the stock is up 60% plus this 
year. Some of its fundamental and some of it's the removal of the overhang of the CTS lawsuit, they are performing 
well. The stock price probably didn't reflect that when we're buying at $10.59 back in December. I'm not saying it's 
correctly or fully valued. But it's clearly more correctly valued today than it was in December. Results were not up 60% 
plus. But the overhang is limited and we had confidence in – that they would make this progress and we have 
confidence that they would win the CTS lawsuit and so far that's been gratifying that the business has performed and 
made us look right. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Okay. Thanks. And then just quickly on Barnes & Noble, outside of the note which I think 
you've been pretty clear is tough business, tough investment in terms of who the competitors are. Clearly on the 
physical side, is there more interest in potentially offing the stake there and what percentage of the Barnes & Noble 
retail store trends outside of the college stores, just the traditional retail are up for renewal that you might, if you're 
interested to be able to rationalize over the next couple of years. It seems pretty obvious. Some of those are pretty fairly 
empty or could be rationalized pretty aggressively. If you can get a bigger stake at the right price mix, give us your 
thoughts on that? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: As I recall, we're limited to 20% for some period where I think we are at 16.666 on a 
converted basis now. So, there is really not that much room. There are various times when the stock was lower frankly 


when it might have been attractive to increase our stake with hindsight and at various times and for various reasons, 
we've been held because there are transactions pending, various investments we've seen, the Microsoft investment, the 
Pearson investment, other things along the way that have probably prohibited us from making incremental investment. 

Challenge of being an insider is sometimes, you know more and other times, you're prevented from exercising your 
knowledge. As far as the stores, we are, Len and Mitch and that team on retail are incredibly savvy about their real 
estate strategy. I think we have very attractive leases. I think there are renewals that come up over the next several 
years that are attractive in terms of potentially resizing and that's a process that happens in retail all the time and these 
guys are as good as they gets and sort of right sizing and setting the appropriate structure for different world where 
there is probably fewer DVDs, some less physical goods, other kinds of structures that occur inside the physical store. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's teleconference. We would like to thank everyone for their participation today. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


