Q1 2015 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Courtnee Chun Ulrich 
• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
• Richard N. Baer 
Other Participants 

• James M. Ratcliffe 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Barton E. Crockett 
• Amy Yong 
• Kannan Venkateshwar 
• Vijay Jayant 
• John P. Tinker 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• Marah Rose Formanek 
• Rich S. Greenfield 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation 2015 First Quarter 
Earnings Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded Friday, May 8, 
2015. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Courtnee Ulrich, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Courtnee Chun Ulrich 

Thank you. Before we begin, we would like to remind everyone that this call includes certain forward-looking 
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about 
business strategies, market potential, new service and product launches, the future financial performance of SiriusXM, 
stock repurchases and other matters that are not historical fact. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements including, without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new products and services, the ability of our businesses to attract and retain customers, 
competitive issues, regulatory [ph] issues (1:16), market conditions conducive to buybacks. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein 
to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 


circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note and schedules 1 through 4 can be found at the end of the presentation 
for today's call, which is available on our website. 

This call also may include certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995 regarding Liberty Broadband. These forward-looking statements involve many risks and 
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Liberty Broadband expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein 
to reflect any change in Liberty Broadband's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

Now, I'd like to introduce Greg Maffei, Liberty President and CEO. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Courtnee. Good morning to all of you out there. Today speaking on the call, we will also have Liberty's 
CFO, Chris Shean. And during the Q&A, we will be available to answer questions related to Liberty Broadband. 

Turning first to Liberty Media, we continued buybacks during the quarter, repurchasing $74 million from February 1 
through the end of April. And looking at some of the operational highlights, SiriusXM reported excellent first quarter 
results, increasing subscribers to 27.7 million and increasing their expected net adds for the year. Revenue was $1.08 
billion, up 8%, and adjusted EBITDA grew 19% to just under $400 million – $399 million. 

Liberty's ownership stake stood at 57.8% as of April 24 and given that we're not selling and I expect they're buying, I 
would guess it's higher today. Live Nation is off to a strong start for 2015 and though the shape of the calendar was not 
particularly friendly through the first quarter, the indicators for 2015 ticket sales are solid. 

Live Nation has made great strides in the North American festival market, an important business for them. And we now 
have four of the top five festivals. Live Nation's also made great strides at monetizing its fan base through its both 
sponsorship and advertising. They've continued and expanded their Yahoo! Live relationship. In this summer, we look 
forward to launching Live Nation TV with Vice. 

With that, I'm going to turn it over to Chris to talk about some of our financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. As in the previous few quarters, given now that our ownership is over 50% of Sirius, we consolidate 
Sirius but recommend that you review their financial statements directly, which you can find on their website and in 
their publicly filed documents. 

At quarter end, we had cash and liquid investments of $1.2 billion and principal amount of debt of $6.5 billion, which 
includes $5.2 billion of debt at SiriusXM and a margin loan at Liberty. Included in the $1.2 billion in cash and liquid 
investments balance at March 31, 2015 is $482 million held directly at Sirius. Liberty's cash and liquid investments 
excluding cash at SiriusXM was $763 million. 

And now, I'd turn it back over to Greg for Q&A. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Chris. To the audience, we appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media. 


And operator, I'll think we'd now like to open the floor for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Ratcliffe, Buckingham Research. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. One on LMCA and one on Liberty 
Broadband if I could. On the LMCA side, it was nearly $800 million in cash at this point. Are there thoughts about 
working cooperatively, for example, with Broadband since it seems like if the Bright House deal had gotten done or 
that essentially all of Broadband's cash would have been used up in that, so working together on cable acquisitions and 
having stakes in cable businesses ending up in LMCA as well. 

And I guess, secondly, on Broadband, the Bright House transaction seem to be structured to ensure that the voting stake 
in Bright House stayed above 25%. Is there anything specific about that 25% number? Is it a bright line for anything? Is 
there anything where voting 25.01% meaningfully different than 24.99%? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you, James. Well, on the first part, we spun off Liberty Broadband to separate it 
from Liberty Media's assets and to create better clarity around Liberty Media's purpose and Liberty Broadband's 
purpose. And while I can't say there is no way we would ever use Liberty Media cash or Venture's cash, I think it's 
unlikely in particularly we would use Media cash. It doesn't have that much and it has other things we have in mind to 
do there. So that seems to me a less likely prospect. And the clarity we've achieved by splitting Liberty Broadband 
perhaps makes it easier if we want to raise incremental cash related to cable to raise it there. 

On to the second point, there are some rules around the Investment Company Act, which are not a death sentence, but 
which we'd prefer to avoid, and 25% voting is one of the things that is a test that's useful for us to be above. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Hey. Good morning. Just picking up on that comment, Greg. You said that you have 
things you want to do at Liberty Media. You've been buying back stock, taking advantage of the NAV discount. 
Anything strategic that you're focused on or are you just referring to the buyback on that point? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think if you look at the assets in Liberty Media, they're mostly music related. 
They're mostly related to those audio businesses. And I think we'd like to focus on that, and I think we'll see 
opportunities there. But I don't have any I'm going to enunciate this morning. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Got it. Great. And then the decision to sell some Viacom shares, I guess any comment 
there? And then if you look at the – I think it's $600 million of other public holdings, how much of that could you 
shield with taxes from here? And if there's a timeframe around that. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I don't think we've gone public on our NOL position at any one time on that, but we've been 
able to, through the magic work of Albert, been able to generate some shield and take advantage of market conditions 
to liquid some of our positions, and that's part of the reason why our cash balance is up at Media. But we're not going to 
prognosticate on how much more of that we'll be able to generate today. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Okay. And then lastly, just on Liberty Broadband, can you just walk us through some 
ways you think you could raise a lot of capital there? We've all looked at the idea of you helping charter with TWC, 
and at least if you're going to stay around 25% it could be a decent number. Just what are the things you could do to 


raise capital at Liberty Broadband as we think about the scenarios? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think there's a wide range of things we could do there, starting with, obviously, the 
$700 million of cash on the balance sheet. But incrementally, we have the ability to raise both equity capital through 
rights offerings. We've been approached by many – several or probably more like many partners, potential partners 
who would be interested in investing alongside with us. If Charter were to need more capital, Liberty Broadband would 
participate in that. And there are some other ways we've gone out in the marketplace before and shown our ability 
through hedges and the like to increase our stakes at relatively low cost. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Barton Crockett, FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you for taking the question. I mean, I was interested in a couple of 
things. First is that the comment about an interest in doing more in the audio space. I was wondering if you could – and 
I realize you're not going to give us specifics, obviously what you plan to do, but I wondering if you could be a little bit 
more detailed in terms of why you want to do more there. Is it a question of perhaps you need to diversify – if you look 
at Sirius, revenue growth was driven right now more by subscribers and not less by monetization per sub. So, there's an 
adjustable market question longer term. Maybe diversification is important. Maybe there's additional features that both 
Sirius and Live Nation need or maybe just the opportunities because you're in the space? I was wondering if you could 
elaborate. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, first, Barton, I think the fact that Sirius is growing its net adds in a more aggressive 
rate, more attractive rate, yet holding its ARPU constant is a pretty attractive thing of the business. I'd be more worried 
if they were – not more worried. I'd be less enthused if it was through rate increases. The fact that they're able to hold 
rate and grow subs is pretty attractive. 

So that revenue growth is particularly appealing to me, and those who suggest Sirius' growth days are behind it seem to 
be mistaken. And that addressable market at Sirius, given how many cars are on the road, that our SiriusXM enabled 
but are not currently subscribers is one of the most attractive features of that business. The opportunity is large. 

I think there are places where Sirius has got plenty of cash flow to do things on its own and I don't think we're needed 
there. There are potentially places where we might help Live Nation, who doesn't have quite as much financial might, 
and there are places where we might want to fill in between the two. But I think it's mostly because we have a strong 
position through two anchors, Sirius and Live Nation that will generate opportunities for us in the future. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. Great. And then, just a separate question on the Vivendi litigation. I was wondering 
if you could clarify one thing, which is, if you do prevail and get cash out of that, who would own that cash? How 
much would go to Liberty Media versus other entities that have been separated over time? And then, just where do we 
sit with that litigation at this point? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, the bulk of the money comes to us, but we do have both some legal firms – law firms 
which have a – will get a piece of it and Liberty Global has a small piece as well. The timing of that, Mr. Baer, would 
you like to comment? 

<A - Richard N. Baer>: Sure. It's in the briefing process right now and we hope to have oral argument in front of the 
Second Circuit Court of Appeals in mid to late fall of this year. 

<Q - Barton E. Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from the line of Amy Yong, Macquarie. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thanks. Two questions, one on media and one on Broadband. First, on media. I guess, a lot of us 
will get SiriusXM's buyback potential and the pace has been a little bit lighter than we expected. Are there any leverage 
you can actually pull to accelerate the buyback? And then, I have one on Broadband. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Sure. Amy, I'm not sure what levers as in buying more in the market. You're saying Liberty 
could pull rather than Sirius or – I'm not sure I understand. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: I guess, are there any – can you pressure the board to accelerate the buyback or potentially increase 
your leverage? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: You know, they have a high quality problem and that problem is that they have grown 
EBITDA and generated so much free cash flow that when they set that target of roughly $2 billion a year that doesn't 
actually increase their net leverage too much. But I think they are – have been opportunistic. They've done more than 
$2 billion last year and I wouldn't be surprised that they end up doing more than $2 billion this year. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Got it. And then, with everything that's been happening in D.C., has your view on cable 
consolidation changed at all? And what gives you the level of confidence that Comcast, I'm sorry, that a Charter, Time 
Warner Cable deal could get done? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I certainly don't believe that I'm a regulatory lawyer, but I would hope that any 
regulator would look very favorably upon Charter's participation in the industry. If you're looking at Broadband as 
really the direction of the future and speeds over 25 meg as being the most appealing. The fact that Charter has the 
highest beginning packaging at 60 meg or 65 meg, and has really raised the speeds at Charter, I suspect faster than any 
other major cable company would hopefully make them be viewed favorably by any regulator. But I obviously can't 
speak to that, can't speak to the – what the regulators will look at, but certainly people would be judicious and 
thoughtful before any deal went forward. 

<Q - Amy Yong>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar, Barclays. 

<Q - Kannan Venkateshwar>: Thank you. Greg, just one question, which is last year when you were looking at Time 
Warner Cable, the whole process was a little bit more hostile, and given what's played out in the interim period, how 
has your thoughts changed in terms of how you can approach the process, can you still go back to the kind of process 
you were looking at last year in terms of the whole proxy process replacing the board and so on? Or are you looking at 
a different process where you need to work with Time Warner Cable now compared to what you did last year? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yeah. I think the – and this is, obviously, driven by Charter not by Liberty Broadband, 
though, through our ownership and, obviously, John's position in the industry, we have some voice. But I believe any 
transaction that goes forward, if one were to occur, would be a friendly transaction, looking for the best of breed in both 
management teams and trying to drive an improved experience both for consumers and shareholders going forward. 

<Q - Kannan Venkateshwar>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant, Evercore ISI. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thanks. Greg, on the fact that LMCA has still a pretty substantial discount to the underlying 
Sirius, any thoughts on the prospect of Sirius actually buying back LMCA shares as part of the buyback, if you believe 


eventually they are going to be one and the same... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Have you been talking to John Malone? That's John's favorite idea. But I think the issue 
there is we're – what would happen to the high vote shares and some transaction like that. And it's not clear that that's 
solves all the needs. It really is about trying to minimize those discounts going forward and have them be aligned. 
Look, I think it's not – it's nice to have, we said, to consolidate 100% of SiriusXM, it's not a need to have. If we 
continue with the current pace, we're going to get larger and larger percentage of that company, because we are not 
sellers today. And I don't anticipate us being sellers in the near term. And so, most of our strategic objectives can be 
solved by the current situation and in fact, it's getting better and better for us in terms of ownership. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: On Liberty Broadband and this with Charter prospects with Bright House, can you confirm that 
the Bright House deal is dead right now or is it still speculation... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: You know I'm not going to confirm or deny that one, come on. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Okay. Great. Thanks so much. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of John Tinker, Maxim Group. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Thank you. The Live Nation put out a convert, you bought forward some stocks against that. Is 
there any way we could get an idea as to how – what your position could go to, I think you're at 27%? And secondly, 
could you remind everybody exactly why does it cap at 35% and could that change? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: John, our position could go to 35%, I think as you rightly noted. And that cap agreements 
that we're with the former parent of Live Nation Ticketmaster, we agreed to a cap of 35% in our holdings at the time 
that the entity was spun from its former parent. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: And could that be changed? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yes. I believe by vote of the board it could. 

<Q - John P. Tinker>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thanks. Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Harrigan, Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Question, when you look at the music business, a lot of these different national markets 
tend to mirror each other a lot, structurally. You could really have an anomaly where SiriusXM, listen to you and Jim 
Meyer, you got a great satellite business. You've got a unicast streaming business. And then offshore, big markets, the 
UK, Japan, you've got a very different market structure. There's nothing analogous to SIRI, Spotify, some of these other 
streaming players probably get more power, other guys, startup, this big integrated tech companies and market just 
looks really, really different. Do you think that's a point of stress? I mean, years ago, people constantly asked SiriusXM 
about going overseas. But do you think you could be the gorilla here and not even be in Brazil or China or Germany? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think a couple of things, Matthew. First, the streaming business or the way it's currently 
described as a streaming business is really kind of a misnomer. We, today, at SiriusXM have streaming technology, 
domestic only, I acknowledge. But we have a model that we think is the more important. We have a business model 
that works with a lot of differentiated content and not just relatively commoditized music. 


Now, do I think scale is important and will be important ultimately for us? Yes. I think the business model of what is 
called these pure streamers over-the-top music companies would relatively commoditize music has not been attractive 
and we've not found the entry point to be in that part of the business that is appealing. 

I would note, however, that to your point about international, Sirius has real potential through its connected vehicle 
relationships that is building with all the car companies to build that kind of a global product and I wouldn't be 
surprised if somewhere down the road, something arose from those relationships. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: So, could you even be a streaming company offshore, I mean, just a streaming company 
given your overall expertise in the business? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, again, we are a company that's both somewhat unusual in that we're a content 
company with a lot of differentiated content and a distribution company here in the United States that owns our own 
distribution through the satellites. We also, as I said, have distribution through other means, whether it'd be into your 
home or into your office, over the Internet, over the top. Do I think outside the United States it's possible? It's not likely 
that we could become a player through over the top and not own the distribution. That seems like the most likely path. 
But, again, it may very well involve our strong relationships with the OEMs of the car companies. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Great. Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tom Eagan, Telsey Advisors. 

<Q - Marah Rose Formanek>: Hi. This is Marah on for Tom. Thanks for taking the question. First, we just saw 
Spotify looking to get into Web-based video. Could you talk about if Sirius has any plans for video in the car or 
anywhere else? And then, for Broadband, how does that M&A landscape with Charter, Time Warner Cable, and Bright 
House change how you're thinking about the portfolio? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, let me ask on the second one first, what do you mean change how we're thinking 
about the portfolio? I'm not sure I [indiscernible] (22:39). 

<Q - Marah Rose Formanek>: Just consolidation in the industry, how is it changing the thought process or how are 
you thinking about that? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think, looking at Charter's results which continue to be the industry-leading in terms 
of growth, we're very excited about Charter's ability to run the business it has. That having been said, I think we've 
been articulate on the topic, somewhat vocal, as has Charter, that the opportunity to build scale, to combat not only the 
scale of the content companies but the scale of potential technology competitors is an attractive option both for the 
shareholders, but I also believe for consumers because the need to make technology investments requires that scale, the 
need to make improvements in the user interface to make improvements in the product and services delivered. 

So, I think that there's every logic for consolidation to go forward. Obviously, it has to be done in a way that the 
regulators find workable. And hopefully, we'll be able to find a transaction that makes sense somewhere down the road 
if one is appealing from a shareholder perspective as well. 

On the first point, I think the short-form content, over-the-top content market is a very – a market in flux, one that 
Liberty has spent a bunch of time looking at. It's one that Sirius has spent some time with as well. You may recall for 
those who are long time SiriusXM – Sirius or XM aficionado, at one point they had a trial with Chrysler to do backseat 
video. I think they got about 5,000 or 10,000 subscribers at the top, at the max. Do I imagine that somewhere down the 
road, Sirius could be in the direct content business, including video? I can certainly see that as possible, but I don't see 
that as a near term in the car. That's seems more problematic. 

Any more questions? 


Operator 

Our final question is from the line of Rich Greenfield, BTIG. 

<Q - Rich S. Greenfield>: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Given how Time Warner has followed the Charter and 
even the Comcast blueprint to improve broadband speeds and service, I'm curious what do you think would be the key 
public interest benefits of a Time Warner and Charter merger? And then just attached to that, if this current 
administration is just simply hostile to large-scale broadband consolidation, would you reduce your focus on U.S. cable 
and focus more on overseas cable at Liberty Global and other assets? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, on the first point I think I'd touched on this a second ago. A lot of what has to happen 
to build the best experience for consumers in the United States requires large dollars and large scale and have 
efficiencies. And the potential combination of some of these players will surely add to that. Regulators may have their 
fears, and we need to make sure that they're considered about monopsony power in the broadband space, but I think we 
should be able to – given the relatively small size of Charter today, be able to convince them that that is not an issue, 
but that's a task we'll have to pursue if a deal ever comes to pass. As far as overseas, I don't believe that's the focus of 
Charter or Liberty Broadband today, but you never know what the future holds. 

<Q - Rich S. Greenfield>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Operator, I think that's it. And with that, I'd like to thank you all for your interest in Liberty Media, and hopefully we'll 
speak to you again next quarter if not sooner. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your 
participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


