Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Joe Greenhalgh, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance 
• Mark Hawkins, Senior Vice President, Finance and Information Systems and Chief Financial Officer 
• Gerald P. Quindlen, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Simon Schafer 
• Ted Chung 
• Matthew Yates 
• Thomas Schneckenburger 
• Tavis McCourt 
• Michael Foeth 
• John Bright 
• Andy Hargreaves 
• Manuel Recarey 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Cara, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2008 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe Greenhalgh, Vice President of Investor Relations. 

Joe Greenhalgh, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Finance 

Welcome to the Logitech conference call to discuss the company's results for the quarter ended March 31st, 2008, the 
fourth quarter of Logitech's fiscal year 2008. The press release, a live web cast of this call and accompanying 
presentation slides are available online at logitech.com. 

This conference call will include forward-looking statements that are being made under the Safe Harbor of the 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including forward-looking statements with respect to future operating results. 
The forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
that anticipated in the statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include those set forth in 
Logitech's annual report on Form 20-F dated May 25th, 2007 and subsequent filings available online on the SEC 
EDGAR database and in the final paragraph of the press release reporting fourth quarter results issued by Logitech and 
available at logitech.com, the press release also contains accompanying financial information for this call. The 
forward-looking statements made during this call represent managements outlook only as of today and the company 
undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new developments or 
otherwise. 


I would like to remind you this call is being recorded, including the question-and-answer portion and will be available 
for replay on the Logitech website. For those of you just joining us let me repeat, the presentation slides accompanying 
this call are also available on our website. 

Joining us today are Gerry Quindlen, Logitech's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Hawkins, Senior 
Vice President of Finance and Information Technology and Chief Financial Officer. 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Mark. 

Mark Hawkins, Senior Vice President, Finance and Information Systems and 
Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Joe. Let me start with an overview of our Q4 performance. We experienced continued strong demand resulting 
in double-digit sales growth. Our sales growth accelerated to 17%, reaching an all-time high for Q4 with exceptionally 
strong growth in Asia and OEM. We improved our profitability. Our gross margins increased by 110 basis points 
compared to the prior year and reached an all-time high for Q4. We also set new Q4 records for operating income and 
net income. 

We ended the quarter with 486 million in net cash and we generated 103 million in cash flow from operations in Q4. 
We achieved our full year targets for year-over year sales growth as well as upwardly revised goals for operating 
income growth. 

Let's go to gross margin. Our gross margins reached an all-time high for Q4 at 35.6%, topping last year's previous 
record of 34.5%. The gross margin improvement was driven by a combination of ongoing product cost reductions, 
particularly in the Pointing Device and PC Speaker category as well as supply chain efficiencies. 

Operating income and net income, our operating income grew by 20%. Our net income excluding a 6.9 million 
write-down of the remaining CDOs in our portfolio with $67 million and this was up by 20% compared to the prior 
year. Now, let me also point out that our other income included a 4.9 million gain related to favorable exchange rate 
movement. 

For the balance sheet, cash, our cash position including short-term investments, was $486 million. Our cash position 
improved by 75 million compared to the prior year. The increase versus the prior year is even more impressive when 
you consider that during the last 12 months we used 12 million to payout short-term debt, 23 million for the acquisition 
of WiLife and 220 million on share repurchases. 

Our cash flow from operations for the quarter was $103 million. It was an increase of 12 million over last year and for 
fiscal 2008 our cash flow from operations was $393 million, up $89 million or 29% over the prior year. Our cash 
conversion cycle with 46 days, an eight-day reduction compared to the same quarter last year, this reduction was 
primarily driven by improvements in our days payable. And I am pleased to say this was the seventh consecutive 
quarter of year-over-year improvement in our cash conversion cycle. 

Inventory, our inventory was up by 13% or 28 million compared to March of the prior year. Inventory turns improved 
to 6.3 compared to last year's 6.2. DSO, our DSO was at 56 days for the quarter, up slightly compared to the 54 days in 
the prior year. 

Share repurchases, during Q4 we repurchased a little more than 3 million shares for $82 million we owned 
approximately 6.5% of our shares outstanding and we have roughly 205 million remaining under our current 
repurchase program. 

Now please note that the growth percentages that follow are in comparison to Q4 fiscal 2007. Now let's discuss net 
sales by product family starting with Retail. Our Retail sales grew by 15% with units up by 8%. We achieved growth in 
all regions with the Americas up by 8%, EMEA by 13% and Asia's growth accelerating to 58%. We experienced strong 
demand in a number of product categories with mice and PC Speakers demonstrating strength in all regions. 


Retail sales Pointing Devices; Q4 was an outstanding quarter in the Pointing Devices category, as we delivered the 
strongest growth we have seen in over three years. Our sales growth accelerated to 38%. The primary growth driver 
was cordless mice, with sales and units up by 58%. We experienced very strong growth in both the low end and the 
high end of the cordless mice category. 

Our sales in the high-end tripled compared to the prior year lead by the continued success of our VX Nano Cordless 
Laser Mouse for Notebooks. Now our sales in the low-end nearly doubled, primarily due to the sustained strong 
demand of our V220 Cordless Optical Mouse. We also had a strong quarter in corded mice, with sales growth 
accelerating to 24%. The growth was driven by a combination of notebook mice and our portfolio of gaming mice. 

Let's turn to retail sales for keyboards and desktops. Our sales in the keyboards and desktops category grew by 6% with 
units up by 17%. It was a solid quarter for standalone keyboards with sales growth up 17%. And while desktop sales 
were flat, we achieved 10% growth in unit sales. And we are pleased to note the sustained demand for our innovative 
Cordless Desktop Wave. Our notebook stands continue to make a contribution to our growth in the keyboard category 
as well. 

If we turn to retail audio, we achieved a return to strong growth in the audio category with sales up by 15% and it was 
an outstanding quarter for our speakers with the sales increasing by 24%. We experienced double-digit growth in both 
the iPod and PC Speaker categories. 

Now the sales of our iPod Speakers were up by 48%, the growth being driven by the success of our Pure-Fi Anywhere. 
Our PC speaker sales grew by 21% and we achieved sales growth across all major PC speaker price spans with the vast 
majority of the growth on the high end where sales increased by 80%. Sales of our PC headsets were essentially flat 
down by 1%. 

Let me turn to retail video. We were very pleased to achieve a turnaround in the video category with sales growth of 
9%. The sales growth was driven by a particularly strong quarter for our high-end webcams. Demand for our 
QuickCam Pro 9000 and QuickCam Pro for notebooks helped us increase our high-end sales by more than four times 
compared to the prior year. 

Retail sales for Gaming, Gaming sales declined by 18%, our console Gaming sales declined by 17%. Now this decline 
was experienced primarily in the Gamepad category, while we achieved strong growth in the steering wheel category. 
PC Gaming sales also fell down by 18%. While most PC Gaming categories were down, we achieved growth in 
keyboards due to the sales of our G15 and G11 Gaming Keyboards. 

Retail sales remotes. We achieved 12% growth in remote with units up by 22%. Our newest remote the Harmony One 
generated strong initial demand and made a major contribution to the growth. 

Our growth in the category was restrained by an 8% decline in the Americas reflecting a very challenging comparable 
to the prior year, which included the launch of the of $499 Harmony 1000. It was an excellent quarter for remotes in 
EMEA as sales tripled over the prior year. 

OEM sales, it was another very strong quarter in OEM with sales growth of 34%. The vast majority of the growth was 
once again in the Console Gaming category driven by microphones for singing games of the major three console 
platforms. 

Keyboards also made a major contribution to growth, with sales up by more than 50% and I might add our OEM mice 
sales were also up by 2%. 

Now, let me wrap up the comments with four key points. First, it was our best Q4 ever for sales, operating income, net 
income and gross margin. Second, we achieved sales growth in multiple product categories with especially strong 
demand for pointing devices and speakers combined with outstanding performance in OEM. 

Third, Q4 was our seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvement in our cash conversion cycle. Helping us 
deliver $393 million in cash flow from operations for the year, a 29% increase over the prior year and it outpaced the 


24% growth in our operating income. Fourth, we achieved a full year target for our year-over-year sales growth as well 
as our upwardly revised goals for operating income growth. 

Now before concluding my comments, I want to remind you that our next analyst and investor meeting is scheduled for 
May 22nd in New York. The agenda will feature a number of our Senior Executives reviewing our strategies and 
opportunities for fiscal 2009 and beyond and we do hope you'll be able to join us. 

Let me now turn the call over to Gerry. 

Gerald P. Quindlen, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Mark and thanks again to all of you for joining us. I am very pleased with the company's performance both 
in Q4 and for the full year. 2008 marked another record year for Logitech with our strongest financial performance to 
date and our 10th consecutive year of double-digit sales growth. For the full year we delivered the highest growth 
margin in the company's history and increased our operating margin by 90 basis points to 12.1% of sales. 

Our net income, excluding the impairments related to our short-term investments, grew by 23% and our net margin 
increased by 80 basis points to 11.9% of sales. Our cash generation was outstanding and we ended the year with a very 
solid balance sheet. 

Now let me comment on our Q4 performance. We delivered record sales, profits and gross margin. The 17% growth in 
our sales demonstrate the combined power of our broad product portfolio and our geographic reach and we generated 
strong cash flow by continuing to focus on improving the effectiveness of our working capital. 

There were a number of highlights in the quarter. This was the seventh consecutive quarter where we delivered a 
significant year-over-year improvement in gross margin. Our strong gross margin continues to provide us with a 
powerful source of flexibility and competitive advantage and demonstrates our ongoing focus on innovation and 
leveraging our growing scale. 

I'm extremely pleased with the performance of our mouse franchise. Our retail mice sales growth accelerated to 41%, a 
strong confirmation and meaningful innovation drives impressive demand and improved margins in a category where 
we've been a market leader for many years. 

It was great to see the return to solid growth in video. We plan to continue our activities and aim to driving growth in 
the category but we believe we've turned the corner and expect to build on our momentum throughout fiscal 2009. 

Looking at the performance of our regions, I was pleased to see growth in all our sales regions and especially with a 
sustained growth in OEM and the exceptional growth in Asia. Q4 was a very strong quarter for sales of our higher end 
offerings in a number of categories, especially cordless mice, PC speakers and webcams. Despite an economic 
environment characterized by weak consumer confidence, our results demonstrate that consumers continue to respond 
favorably to the affordable luxury appeal of our broad product portfolio from high-end products like the Harmony One 
to the hugely successful V220 Optical Mouse on the low end. The versatility of our portfolio is an incredibly potent 
lever in challenging market conditions. 

The last highlight of the quarter that I wanted to address was our performance in the remotes category. While 12% 
growth is modest for our high growth category, Q4 was a solid quarter for remotes. EMEA delivered their second best 
quarter ever and despite the top comparable, we saw very strong sell-through in the Americas, driven in large part by 
the success of the dedicated advertising campaign we launched in January. In fact when you look at sales of Harmony 
remotes for Q3 and Q4 combined, our sales grew by 40% compared to the same period last year. 

Now let me comment on fiscal 2009. Our strategy remains to position Logitech as a premium supplier in our category, 
offering affordable luxury to the consumer while continuing to aggressively compete from the entry segment through 
the high-end. We enter fiscal 2009 focused on several priorities with continued double-digit growth at the top of the 
list. 


We plan to launch an exciting set of new products during the year to take advantage of growth opportunities across our 
broad portfolio of markets and categories. And we won't hesitate to use our healthy gross margins to help drive that 
growth and sustain category leadership whenever appropriate. 

FY '08 was an exceptional year for our mice and keyboards with sales for both growing in excess of 20%. We expect to 
continue to deliver double-digit although somewhat slower growth in these categories for FY '09. Innovative products 
like the VX Nano Mouse and the Wave Cordless Desktop played a key role in fueling that growth and continue to 
validate our strategy of growing our categories in market share through sustained innovation. With penetration of 
cordless mice and keyboards still in the mid 20s, we are extremely confident of our ability to grow our categories by 
giving consumers a compelling reason to trade up. 

Another growth enabler is the surging popularity of Notebooks. The switch to the notebook form factor has created 
significant opportunities for us in a number of categories particularly in mice and keyboards. Sales of all of our 
products targeted for notebooks grew by 42% in FY '08. We plan to build on this momentum in FY '09 by continuing to 
target the growing base of notebook users with innovative new offerings. 

We also see significant opportunities for our mice and keyboards in the business market. Products like the Wave 
Keyboard with its on emphasis on ergonomics and user comfort has generated strong interest from enterprise and SMB 
customers. We have already established the solid foundation in EMEA to go after this segment and we have a strategy 
in place to ramp-up our presence in the Americas as well. 

We were pleased to see a return to double-digit growth in the audio category in Q4. Given the opportunities created by 
the growing penetration of digital music, we believe our strong presence on the shelves combined with our lineup of 
innovative new products will allow us to continue to generate growth in the Speaker category in FY '09, with growth 
expected in both PC and iPod Speakers. In addition to our traditional audio categories, we're very excited about the 
potential for our streaming media products. 

We've been quite pleased with the initial market response to our newest offering, the highly acclaimed Squeezebox 
Duet, and we plan other major product introductions in this space in time for the holiday selling season. With our 
strongest streaming media systems product lineup ever, we expect our momentum in the category to accelerate during 
FY '09. 

Turning now to video, we saw a number of encouraging signs in Q4, including double-digit growth in the Americas 
and Asia. We have yet to return to growth in EMEA, but the year-over-year decline in Q4 was significantly lower than 
in prior quarters and we believe we're poised for a turnaround there as well. 

Now our strategy for FY '09 remains largely the same, with a sustained focus on in- store marketing, new products and 
partnerships. We believe our return to growth in Q4 validates that this approach is working. We continue to expect 
double-digit growth in the video category during FY '09. 

One of the key long-term growth drivers for our video business is WiLife, the acquisition we made in late 2007. We 
believe that WiLife's easy to use plug-and-play offerings represent a revolutionary solution to the consumer's growing 
quest for security solutions. In fact, we believe WiLife has the potential to do for home security what applications like 
desktop publishing did for publishing in the 80s. Moving the application out of the professional domain and turning it 
into a plug-and-play map solution. We expect WiLife to generate growing momentum in the video category as we 
progress through the new fiscal year. 

Moving now to Gaming, we expect our Retail Gaming business to return to double-digit growth in FY '09. We're 
particularly excited about the opportunities on the console side. We expect that the launch of Gran Turismo 5 for PS3, 
the first major title for this platform, will dramatically boost our sales of console wheels led by the recently announced 
Logitech Driving Force GT Wheel. 

Remotes was our fastest growing Retail product category in FY '08, and we expect that to be the case in FY '09 as well. 
The launch of the Harmony One generated considerable momentum that we've carried into the new year. 


During FY '09 we'll continue to focus on improving every aspect of the user experience to further increase our already 
high level of customer satisfaction, while expanding the potential universe of Harmony users. And we have plans to 
replicate the success of our U.S. advertising campaign in other markets to help expand the category and grow our share. 

Let me shift from a product view and look at our sales regions. On the Retail side, we expect double-digit growth 
across all regions. The opportunities in mature market such as Western Europe and the U.S. remain sizable, and we 
continue to gain momentum in emerging markets such as Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Asia. 

OEM is coming off a truly spectacular year, primarily due to the success of our microphones for console singing 
games. Now we do expect growth in OEM in FY '09, but the title-driven nature of the console OEM business translates 
into tough comparables beyond Q1 of the fiscal year. As an offset to be expected to decline in OEM Gaming, we do 
anticipate strong sales of webcam modules for Notebooks, and we will continue to pursue opportunities to bundle our 
microphones with other popular console singing games. 

That brings me to our outlook for fiscal 2009. The macroeconomic picture obviously continues to receive the great deal 
of attention in the media. What we saw in Q4, and still see today as well, is sustained strong demand for our products. 
As one indicator of that demand, our Retail shipments through the first three weeks of the quarter are well ahead of the 
same period of last year. 

For fiscal 2009, we continue to target both sales and operating income to grow 15%, compared to the prior year. Gross 
margin is expected to be above the high end of our long-term target range of 32 to 34%, and we expect our effective tax 
rate to be around 12%. 

Fiscal 2008 was the best year in our history, and we've entered fiscal 2009 well positioned to continue on our path of 
sustained growth and profitability. With our most exciting product roadmap ever, targeted at substantial growth 
categories, combined with strong Retail and OEM relationships and a powerful global brand, we are confident in our 
FY '09 outlook and look forward to updating you on our progress. At this point I'd like to open the call for your 
questions. Please follow the instructions of the operator. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Bright with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead 
with your question. He is unavailable for questions. We will move to next questioner and the next questioner is Simon 
Schafer with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Simon Schafer>: Wanted to ask about the split in your Retail sales between laptop versus desktops. Could you 
just remind us and maybe I didn't catch it, what was the percentage of your Retail sales in fiscal '08 that was desktop 
versus laptop? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Hi, Simon. This is Mark. Let me try to give you some information. We don't actually split that 
typically in that manner. However, one thing I think you'll find interesting is 42% growth in our notebook solutions for 
fiscal '08, so that'll give you a sense of the growth in notebook solutions over the course of the fiscal year. Okay? 

<Q - Simon Schafer>: Got it. Thanks, Mark. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: You're welcome. 

<Q - Simon Schafer>: And just to clarify on webcams, I think you commented in U.S. and Asia you've recovered to 
growth, but EMEA is still a little bit weaker. Could you maybe just provide some more color as to what market share 
would be? How that progression is coming along? Whether pricing has changed any, meaningfully? Is that just a Euro 
issue or is that going on elsewhere? Just some color, that would be appreciated. 


<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Sure. This is Gerry. So in the Americas, our share in Q4 was stable with Q3 and actually is at 
an all-time high. So we are back to the pre-Microsoft-entry level of share. So we're very, very strong there. In Europe is 
a little bit of a different situation; we have yet to recover the share that we lost following Microsoft's entry into the 
category. However, our share has been stable for several quarters in a row. So in general the situation from a share 
standpoint is that we are stable in both the Americas and Europe. We've fully recovered in the U.S.; not quite back to 
pre-Microsoft levels in EMEA. 

<Q - Simon Schafer>: Great, that's great news and just a very basic question. In your outlook statement for the 15% 
profit growth, what type of euro exchange rate would we have to assume as part of your guidance? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: You know one of the things, Simon, I would say is that you shouldn't assume any particular 
number; we're not going to give a particular number here. The one thing I would say to you is if you look at our -- over 
the last 10 years of course this is the 10th consecutive year of double-digit growth on a fiscal year basis. We've seen 
dollars appreciate; we've seen dollars weaken and ebb and flow even during the quarters of the year. That's not the 
primary driver of our business growth. The primary driver really comes back to the resilience of the model, the mass 
luxury products and the adjacencies that we're in, plus the global distribution. Those are the real big drivers that do that, 
but that's kind of our position on that one. 

<Q - Simon Schafer>: Got it. Thanks so much, Mark. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Ted Chung with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Ted Chung>: Great. Thank you. Mark, just to clarify, can you give any more details regarding what you are 
currently seeing in terms the overall macro demand environment? I know you were mentioning that the first three 
weeks were ahead of last year, but I mean you would expect that to be so. Are you seeing any tentative purchasing, be 
it by your customers or [inaudible] – drawdowns or any of that nature? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes, hi Ted. It's Gerry. 

<Q - Ted Chung>: Hi, Gerry. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: And Mark may want to comment as well, but what I can tell is that we, as Mark said in his 
remarks and so did I, we continue to see a strong demand and sell-through for our products in a majority of our 
categories with particular strength at the high end. We do not believe that our sales in the U.S. or frankly any 
geography has been significantly impacted by consumer slowdown during Q4. And we haven't seen anything yet to 
believe that it'll become a major factor in FY '09. In fact our sell-through in the U.S. during Q4 was quite strong. 

And then you know, the last point I think we'd reiterate is that we actually accelerated our momentum as we exited Q4. 
If you go back to Q3, our Retail sales growth was 9%; that accelerated to 15 in Q4. And our total sales growth 
accelerated from 13 to 17. So we actually exited the year against a murkier environment, external environment, with 
increased momentum. So that's kind of the picture as we see it. 

<Q - Ted Chung>: And have you gotten any initial indications by retailers regarding your fiscal '09 product portfolios 
at all or...? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Well as a matter of fact, we have some major meetings coming up with both U.S. and 
European retailers. In fact with the U.S., it's two weeks from today, I think, and Europe is shortly after that. And we 
share with them a lot of things, including not only our product portfolio but some of our plans for the future. But in 
general every year our customers have been quite pleased with the products that we've introduced, and we don't expect 
this year to be any different. We have a very, very exciting lineup of new products. 


<Q - Ted Chung>: Great. Thank you, guys. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Thanks, Ted. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Matthew Yates with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Matthew Yates>: Hi. Just firstly, Mark, can you talk a little bit about the level of marketing expense in quarter. It 
looks slightly high -- higher than what you've done in the past in terms percentage of sales. And I just wondered is this 
in response to a tougher consumer backdrop? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Actually, Matthew, a couple of things to take into consideration. First of all, in terms of our 
marketing, you see some spend that happens in terms OpEx like you're pointing out on the P&L. There is also things in 
terms of soft dollars between gross to net that we use, and so we go back and forth depending on the particular 
circumstances. So that's just one point to call out that there's a couple moving parts. The second thing is we were ever 
so pleased to be able to step-up and make investments, some of them are short-term, some of are longer-term and yet 
still get the kind of operating leverage that we delivered in terms of profitability for the quarter. 

I'd say the other thing just keep mind is we did have a campaign that Gerry talked about in terms of that has more 
lasting kind of impact in terms of Harmony. And so that had some impact on it, but by and large we always try to scale 
our OpEx in juxtaposition to our gross profit, and we did it nicely again for the quarter and certainly for the year. Hope 
that helps. 

<Q - Matthew Yates>: Sure. Just as a second one. In past, at some of the investor days you talked about the drivers of 
your gross margin and I just wondered if you could give us a bit of an update; what you're seeing in terms of labor 
costs, plastic costs and transportation? And how are you're dealing with those sort of headwinds? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yes, sure. I'd be happy to do that. I think the number one driver, I would say full stop, is the 
degree of innovation. You've heard from Gerry in terms of the way people are just responding to our products in 
general. That is really what gets us excited and helps really drive the ultimate gross margin. 

I think beyond that, I think in this particular quarter, we saw two primary factors. One was continued efforts in our 
product cost reductions, particularly in the pointing devices and audio categories, Matthew, that really helped us. And 
then we also saw some supply chain efficiencies that have continued to bring us goodness there. That's more broadly 
speaking for the quarter. In terms of labor, keep in mind labor is 8 to 9% of our product cost, which means that it's an 
even smaller part of our total cost structure and what you see are moving parts there, but also productivity efforts and 
continuous improvement efforts. So that has largely worked as we would have hoped and then, again, plastics, nothing 
of a material nature. I think you can see with the posting of record gross profits in terms of both for the quarter and for 
the year, I think, in general, that's well in hand. 

<Q - Matthew Yates>: And just a last one, perhaps to Gerry. We've heard from a lot of companies as we went through 
Q1 that things got increasingly tougher in March as consumer confidence fell. Is that something you also see? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: It's not, Matthew. Actually our sell-through – and I'm going to talk more about the U.S. 
because I think that's where a lot of focus is. Our sell-through, and of course, definitionally this is the actual sales of 
products in retailers that consumers are taking away point of sale. Our sell-through was strong throughout the quarter. 
A very consistent January, February, March, and so we were obviously very pleased about that. And Mark, I see you 
have... 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yes, just one additional thing that also to keep in mind is the first three weeks of the new 
quarter have actually, are well ahead of last year, so that's maybe something that touches closely to point you're looking 
at, Matthew. 


<Q - Matthew Yates>: That's great. Thanks for taking the questions. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Absolutely. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Thomas Schneckenburger with UBS. 

<Q - Thomas Schneckenburger>: Yes, good afternoon, gentlemen. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Good afternoon. 

<Q - Thomas Schneckenburger>: My first question is on the growth target of 15%. Could you also confirm that there 
is not an external growth – share of growth – included in this target? Because, Gerry, I think you, on several occasions 
mentioned that this year could be the year of a major acquisition. So is there anything included in this target? And the 
second thing would be on the OEM share; you had an excellent year on the OEM business. The share is increasing. In 
the past, if I remember right, there was a negative margin – gross margin impact of the OEM business. Would you say 
that there's still a negative impact of gross margins in OEM? And overall gross margin would have even been higher? 
Or do you think this has changed going forward? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes. So on the first question, the assumption about 15% does not assume anything about an 
external acquisition or anything like that. That is an organic growth assumption. So we absolutely see, when you factor 
in the momentum we've carried from Q4 into FY '09, when you factor in things like the fact that our video business was 
down 24% in FY '08, our console – the console portion of retail gaming was down 13, [inaudible] was mediocre in 
terms of its performance, and yet our forecast for '09 is a return to double-digit growth in video, a return to double-digit 
growth in retail gaming, and a return to solid growth in PC headsets. These things give us tremendous momentum also 
as we go into FY '09. And we were able to achieve the 15% target growth in '08 even with some of those drags on the 
business. So the assumption is around organic growth. 

On OEM, what we are assuming about growth, the first thing to recognize is even after, frankly, an incredible year in 
OEM where we surpassed 300 million in sales, we still project growth in OEM in FY '09. It will not be same rate of 
growth, and frankly we don't expect it'll be as rapid as the 15% growth we're projecting overall, but we do expect OEM 
to grow. And relative to gross margins, I think your general assumption that OEM is less margin rich than the rest of 
the portfolio is still true. But it did not have a significant negative impact on our business overall, and it's more of a 
testament to the overall strength of our gross margin story that even with OEM growing 36% in the year, we were able 
to achieve 35, 35, six, for the quarter, 35, eight, for the year. 

<Q - Thomas Schneckenburger>: And perhaps you could still elaborate a bit on external growth or potential 
acquisitions with your 400 million net cash position? Do you see any potential targets for '09 or acquisitions? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: So let me reiterate what our approach to acquisitions has been, and will be, going forward. 
We have always seen acquisitions as a way to gain access to new technologies and emerging spaces. I think the best 
examples I can point to of that are the acquisition of WiLife in November 2007, which as you heard through our 
comments, we're very bullish about. Same thing with the acquisition of Slim Devices at the end of 2006. We've never 
had a criteria that's particularly size driven. 

Our criteria, first and foremost, is that any acquisition we undertake we have to believe it will create value. We have to 
believe it fits with the overall Logitech model and strategy. And we've been prudent and disciplined about acquisitions 
and will continue to do so going forward. So we don't have any particular size goals, and we're always looking at 
acquisitions. That is one of the two main ways we deploy our free cash flow; the other being share repurchases. That 
will continue going forward. So we're actively looking at targets all the time. And again, our assumption for growth in 
2009 is based strictly on organic growth. 


<Q - Thomas Schneckenburger>: If I may – just to clarify, to make a point? So it's not true what was written in this 
local press here that there's a bit of change in strategy to focus less on bolt-on small acquisitions, as the ones you 
mentioned, towards major acquisitions? So it's... 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes, that is not true. Actually, that is not accurate, because I think there is misinterpretation, 
and I'm happy to have the opportunity to clarify. What we did say was that certainly as we've gotten bigger and as we 
have compiled a more significant cash position, we have the ability to do larger acquisitions. Meaning that we are a 
larger company, we could absorb a larger acquisition, we have no long-term debt, and obviously, 500 million of cash 
gives us the ability to do larger acquisitions if they fit those other criteria. If we believe they'll be value creating over 
the long-term, if we believe they fit our strategy, et cetera. So that was actually what the quote was. 

And I also said that the smaller bolt-on acquisitions that, like WiLife, where we play the role of market maker, are 
always going to be part of our strategy. But we won't pursue four or five or six of those simultaneously. That's actually 
what I said, because we can't play the role of market maker, as we're doing with something like WiLife where we're 
helping to stimulate and create the actual market. We can't do that with too many small acquisitions. So that was 
actually what the quote is. 

I'll go back to what I said; our focus on acquisitions really hasn't changed. We will use it to help advance the strategy 
we've talked about. We're looking at them all the time and the assumptions around '09 do not have any specific 
assumptions about a bolt-on acquisition or any other kind; it's organic. 

<Q - Thomas Schneckenburger>: Okay. Thanks a lot and congratulations again for your excellent quarter. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Thanks a lot, Thomas. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Thanks. First, Mark, can you repeat what you said about the puts and takes in other income this 
quarter? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Sure, happy to do so. We basically have two fundamental things going on; one is some 
favorable foreign exchange, which is about 4.9 million. On the other side is a mark-to-market and short-term 
investment of 6.9 million. Those are the two major dynamics that kind of netted out. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Got you. And then can you run through the – I think you mentioned unit growth for pointing 
devices and maybe one other category. Can you run us through the unit growth for all the categories? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: In fact, I can give you that; I surely can. So for Q4, in terms of – I think some of the stuff you 
also might be in the – some of the packages there, but just in case there – so for pointing devices raise unit growth of 
22%. For keyboards and desktops it was up by 17. For video, it was minus eight; audio minus seven; gaming minus 31; 
and then remote controls plus 22. That'll give you a sense there. Overall, up nine for the quarter. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Okay. And then I wanted to delve, if possible, a little deeper into the strength in pointing 
devices. Was the March strength a result of just extremely strong sell-through in the holiday season and kind of 
rebuilding those channels? Or was there specific product launches this quarter that drove accelerated sell-through in the 
March quarter itself? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Well, as you know, we've had a strong year in mice over the full year. We had one of our 
strongest years ever, as Mark says, the strongest year we've had in three years. And, certainly, I think what you saw is 
the efforts throughout the year peaking because our product introductions have been in the market longer at that point. 
So without a doubt, I think there was a bit of a crescendo at the end of the year but, frankly, our performance in 


pointing devices throughout the year was pretty spectacular. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Okay. But nothing new in terms of new product launches in the March quarter itself? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: No. The two best performers within pointing devices were the VX Nano, which has been in 
the market for a couple of quarters; that's the more high-end product that features the mini USB receiver. And the other 
great performer was more at the low end, which was the V220 Optical Mouse – I think Mark called that out – which 
doubled volume at the low end in the quarter. But those have been in the market for a couple quarters and I think it 
takes time get full distribution, et cetera, and so you sort of build to a crescendo and I think we saw that crescendo in 
Q4. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Okay. And my final question is on the iPod Speaker business. If I remember correctly, that was 
a little bit weaker last quarter at least, if not, for a couple of quarters; it seemed to have turned around this quarter. Was 
there any specific driver behind that? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yes, let me take a shot, and Gerry might add to it. One is that we had some new products that 
were launched there, Tavis, our Pure-Fi Anywhere really did a – was nicely received, basically, and that helped 
contribute to the 48% growth. We're doing some product refresh in the iPod area and it's just – it's nice to see the 
response from the marketplace standpoint. 

<Q - Tavis McCourt>: Great. Thanks a lot, and congrats on a great quarter. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Thank you. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yes. Thank you, Tavis. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael Foeth with Vontobel. 

<Q - Michael Foeth>: Yes. Good afternoon; good morning. Two questions. Starting with Asia, you had very strong 
growth in Asia. Could you eventually give us a bit more insight into which countries and what products drove that 
growth? That will be first question. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Sure. This is Gerry. I'm pleased to say that the growth in Asia was very broad-based. I won't 
go through every single country, but I can tell you that, for example, in China, we just had a stellar quarter. We had a 
great quarter in India and the broader cluster we refer to as South Asia, which includes India. The other markets 
included in that would be Malaysia, as an example, Thailand. We had a great quarter in a more developed market – 
Australia and New Zealand – which would be more like Western Europe or the U.S. We just had an absolutely 
spectacular quarter. So it wasn't just emerging markets within Asia that had great performance. It was more developed 
markets like Australia and New Zealand, and we had a great quarter in Japan. So after a couple of quarters of some 
speed bumps in Japan, we've been on a very steady path there and we had an excellent quarter in Q4. 

From a product standpoint, if I look at Asia, it's a little bit different depending on the market, but in more the emerging 
markets, the strength is largely in control devices, so mice and keyboards. We're also seeing building momentum for 
webcams as broadband penetration comes into markets like that. For example, in China there's a tremendous amount of 
interest in the Internet with the focus on the Olympics and so there's a lot of interest in webcams. In places like 
Australia, we had strength across our whole portfolio. So speakers, SMS, webcams and, of course, control devices. And 
so that gives you a flavor of it. 

<Q - Michael Foeth>: Okay. Great. Question -second question – on video. I mean, I understand that your high-end 
video devices or that webcams sold well and ASPs are up, but unit sales are still down. Are you seeing a change in the 
structure of the market? Or the consumer behavior? Or is it related to WiLife? Can you elaborate on that? 


<A - Gerald Quindlen>: It's not related to WiLife. The impact of WiLife in the quarter was fairly minimal. It really 
reflects more of a mix shift. We quadrupled the sales at the high end for products like the QuickCam Pro 9000; this is 
the one that features the Carl Zeiss lens, and another product, the QuickCam Pro for Notebook. So a shift in terms of 
more dollars with fewer units. Also, part of the challenge with Europe is Europe has a larger portion of the market that 
is at the low end, where there are more units. And we have not yet seen the recovery there. A big part of that is, we 
don't yet have the right product mix, although we think we've address that. So that's part of the – that's a big part of the 
dimensions around the unit shift. So as we have addressed that, we think that'll get corrected over time. 

<Q - Michael Foeth>: Okay. So you expect unit sales to turn positive as well, sometimes soon? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes. I mean the forecast that we are making is that we will return to double-digit growth for 
the full year of 2009 in retail webcams. 

<Q - Michael Foeth>: Okay. And my... 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Foeth>: Last question would be just on bookkeeping side, the tax rate. Can we calculate with 12% 
longer term, as well, or just for 2009? And the second one would be CapEx; what do you expect for '09? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yes. So a couple of things here. Michael, one is, I think, the 12% -- around 12% is a good 
number to use for '09. Beyond that, we really haven't typically gone out, beyond that period of time, so I would just 
stick with that range right now. And then for CapEx, look for two to 3% of revenue. In FY '08, we landed right in the 
middle at 2.5% of revenue so we're really – that seems to be a pretty good target to think about going forward, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Foeth>: Okay, great. Thanks. Congrats. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Bright with Avondale Partners. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you. Good morning, Mark; good morning, Gerry. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Good morning, John. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Hi, John. 

<Q - John Bright>: Hi, guys. The three main concerns out there in your stock, in order, that are: one, macroeconomic 
impact. Why is Logitech immune in doing as well as you are? Two, will the marketing and selling, the spending that 
you seem to accelerate in this quarter, need to continue? And three, are you getting an FX benefit today that might hurt 
you in the future? If you wouldn't mind maybe taking those three, I would appreciate that. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yes. Let me – if I might take a shot at the FX and the OpEx side of it and maybe... 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes, I'll take the macro piece. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Yes, leave with the macro with Gerry. But on the FX side, John, just to kind of lay it out there, 
we get impacted up and down the P&L, right, for FX? And you can imagine whether it's OpEx, whether it's production, 
sales – whatever the case might be – but I think you know our company really well, as well. We never have come, over 
the 10 years of delivering double-digit growth on top line and this bottom line growth, we've never made FX a major 
point because there's so many different factors that tend to create an ebb and flow over time. So I just don't want to 
oversimplify the thing; we have a lot of different factors that impact us right now. But that would be the biggest point 
that I would call out to you. 


Secondly, you are where we have global pricing and that we try to true up our European prices in parity with our U.S.; 
we have that flexibility. That's another point to note. I think the other point that I'd like to shift gears on is the OpEx. I 
think the one thing that we're really pleased about as a company is the discipline and the agility to step up and make 
investments that are going to propel us for the long term, and at the same time, always scale our OpEx in synch with 
gross profit. We've done that repeatedly year after year and even in a shorter time periods, for example, in the quarter. 
So there are investments that we've made in this particular quarter that showed up more in the OpEx line as opposed to 
the gross-to-net line. But I would say, if anything, you can count on a continued incredible discipline there. Let me just 
stop at that. Maybe I can turn the economic one over to Gerry. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes. And, John, just to add a couple of things to Mark's other points. I think kind of more to 
your question on OpEx, is there something structural there? No, the answer is no. I mean, the one thing that was in the 
quarter that is very on strategy for us is, as Mark said in one of his comments, we will make investments in the quarter 
that are both in-quarter investments and also others that are more longer term in nature. The Harmony ad campaign was 
absolutely the latter category of more long-term in nature, but non-recurring. I mean, we are looking at other markets 
where we may replicate that success, but in terms -of is this a structural signal? No. And so let me turn to the question 
more about momentum. I mean, there's a lot of things going on, but I point to three or four things that we've talked 
about before but we believe are true. Number one, we're carrying significant momentum out of Q4 and into the new 
year, which maybe a lot of companies aren't doing. As I mentioned earlier, we actually saw our sales growth accelerate 
as we went from Q3 to Q4. And Q4, I think we would all agree, was a tougher quarter in terms of things going on in at 
a macroeconomic level in Q3. So we carry significant momentum into the new year. 

From a portfolio standpoint, we've often talked at investor days and on these calls about one of the strengths of 
Logitech is our portfolio categories and markets and the resilience and versatility that provide us. Really, if you boil 
that down, what does that mean? It really means that we have the ability to manage through and meet our targets at one 
product or market or customer, for that matter; is down or going through a down cycle. We can compensate and have 
compensated in the past with others. You have seen that this year with video. Video is down 24% for the year, retail 
console gaming down 13 and yet we were able to achieve the 15 with strength in other areas. 

We see a return to growth in some of those product categories that were more anchors, more drags on the growth this 
year, and yet, we still see growth in the other areas. So that portfolio resilience has always served us well. We see 
building momentum for our new acquisitions, which are not yet adding a lot to the top line but we believe will, as we 
go forward; talking about WiLife and SMS. 

And the fourth point really has to do with consumer; it's less about the portfolio more about the consumer. It's this 
concept that we believe deeply in that we've talked about before; we call it mass luxury. In essence, what it refers to is, 
in difficult – it's really two parts to it. It's the fact that we complete across a broad range of price points give us 
enormous flexibility in difficult times; the fact that we have products at the mid and upper range and an aggressive 
portfolio at the low end. You see that this quarter on our pointing devices result with the great performance of the V220 
at the low end, the great performance of the VX Nano at the high end. 

And then this whole idea of mass luxury is that if consumers are curtailing other higher-end purchases, we have seen 
that often translate into a benefit to us because they don't hesitate to spend on the best possible mouse they can get for 
$99 or the best possible remote they can get for 199. And we call that not-having-to-check-with-the-spouse philosophy. 
So we believe all these things are at work, John, and that's why we're very confident in the outlook. 

<Q - John Bright>: So let me wrap that up then, on the outlook. The 15% top line expectation for fiscal year '09. 
Three [inaudible] thoughts here. One, I think you said earlier this is – it's all organic growth expectation, correct? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: There's no assumption about – that's correct -there's no assumption about acquisitions in 
there. 

<Q - John Bright>: Okay. Then two, I heard during the conference call you're talking about maybe a move into the 
enterprise, first in Asia and then potentially in America. Did I hear that correctly as well? 


<A - Gerald Quindlen>: What we said was that, we already have a presence in EMEA, actually. We have a team, a 
considerable team of people already dedicated to it. We see that we're under-penetrated in the enterprise market. We do 
business there today, John, but we see that we're under-penetrated and so we've been increasing our resources, 
primarily feet on the street against that market opportunity, and we're doing the same thing in Asia Pacific and the 
Americas as well. 

<Q - John Bright>: Okay. And then – so then the last piece of it, when I look at the 15% top line growth, relates to 
your product portfolio today and the potential acquisitions in front of you. When I look at the product portfolio that you 
bolted on over, very successfully over a period of time, regarding the desktop, regarding the laptop in place. Where do 
you see the potential additional acquisitions? And what type of products do you think might fit best into your portfolio 
looking forward? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: So as we – we're constantly scanning the landscape for acquisitions and we are looking both 
at acquisitions that would push us further into the digital home, WiLife fits that example or fits that definition. 
Although, we're also looking at acquisitions that complement our core; acquisitions that complement mice and 
keyboards, webcams. And so we don't limit ourselves. We're really looking at both, and we see potential in both. And 
we've been looking aggressively over the past year and you'll just have to stay tuned because I really think there's 
potential in both areas. 

<Q - John Bright>: Last question. What was Asia as a percentage of sales in the quarter? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: It was 60%. 

<Q - John Bright>: Thank you, gentlemen. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: You bet. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Thank you, John. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Andy Hargreaves with Pacific Crest. 

<Q - Andy Hargreaves>: Hi, guys. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Hi, Andy. 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Andy. 

<Q - Andy Hargreaves>: I just wanted to follow-up on the enterprise commentary. I wonder if you could give us little 
more in terms of how much of your sales mix that is right now? And just, conceptually, how much could it grow to 
become? 

<A - Mark Hawkins>: Let me take a shot at that, Andy. One is that this is part of the business that we haven't 
disclosed in terms of the proportionality of it. We think of it, as Gerry called out, we think it's a great opportunity. At 
this stage we haven't broken that out uniquely but Gerry's kind of talked to you about where in the geographies it is 
right now. But we do see that as an exciting opportunity. But let me turn back over to Gerry. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes, but Andy, the only thing I'd add is that is that we are already doing business there. But 
we see – we know they were under- penetrated in both enterprise and small business. And we also understand that it's a 
different sell cycle. In some ways it's closer to the sell cycle of strategic OEM than retail, where enterprise will take a 
longer time to make a decision about buying huge quantities of other keyboard or a mouse. So it's a different sell cycle. 
We haven't necessarily in the past approached it that way. So we're realizing it takes sort of a different selling approach. 
But we are there today. As we look at the size of it and our penetration levels, we see a lot of room to grow in all of the 
markets. So it's definitely going to be an area of focus for us on an on-going basis. 


<Q - Andy Hargreaves>: Okay. And then on the gaming side, – I think you said it already – but do you mind just 
repeating when the Gran Turismo releases is? And what you expect in terms of the seasonality of the growth there? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes. Gran Turismo is now the, I'll call it the lead product, and I'm really talking about the 
wheel, is the lead product to take advantage of the launch of Gran Turismo 5. And I actually don't have a date yet. 
We're saying, broadly, spring, but we need to be more specific; that's something we'll have to follow up with you on, 
Andy. But that's, I'd say, the most visible example of one of the things we think will help really drive return to growth 
in console. You know, because the PS3 install base is still fairly low compared to PS2, and that's one of the reason that 
we haven't seen the full return to growth. So I'll leave it at that. 

<Q - Andy Hargreaves>: Okay. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: I'm going to – I think we have time for one last question; so this will be our last question. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of Manny Recarey with Kaufman Brothers. 

<Q - Manuel Recarey>: Thanks. It's getting down to the wire here. Two questions; one on the video side, returning to 
your double-digit growth. Is there anything going on in the market that's going to help drive that? Or is this more a 
function of having the products, like what you were talking about in Europe on the lower end. Is there anything going 
on in the market? Or is it more product related? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Well, the three – Manny, we've been talking consistently over the last few quarters that 
there's come a 3-point plan that we've been following. Product innovation, you've seen examples of that with this – for 
example, the QuickCam Pro 9000 that we talked about so many times. That's the one featuring the Carl Zeiss lens. So 
product innovation, more in-store marketing to tell consumers about the benefit of video communication. There was a 
big emphasis on that in the current quarter and we saw the pay off. 

And then partnerships, like the Skype partnership we announced at the end of October, for Skype high-quality video. 
So the return to growth in our mind is tied to all three, not just one or the other. In Europe, specifically, one of the 
things we know about that market where we need to do better and we believe we've addressed it is, Europe has a larger 
low-end segment than AMR – than the Americas – and we know that we haven't had the strongest line up at the low 
end. We believe we're addressing that, and we think that will be one of the ingredients that help us get to a return to 
growth in Europe. 

<Q - Manuel Recarey>: Okay, thanks a lot. And then the second question is, just to touch back on the enterprise, 
you're talking about the different sale cycles, sales approach. On the distribution side, are you going to have to add or 
go through different distribution channels, do you feel, to reach that segment? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: No, not necessarily. I don't think it really requires a lot of changes there. You know what it 
requires is a different marketing approach because it's not the same as marketing through retail. You're reaching a 
different decision-maker, et cetera. Because back to something I said, which is, I think we haven't – we've approached 
it too much like the retail business that we know so well, so to increase our penetration, we realize we have to have, 
both a different selling approach and a different marketing approach to that segment. 

<Q - Manuel Recarey>: Okay. But it's not going to be big investments, this is going to be incremental investments for 
a longer-term outlook? 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: Yes. No, I mean incremental. This does not require a big structural investment. No, you 
should not think of it that way. 

<Q - Manuel Recarey>: Okay, great. And then also, one plug-in for your high-end webcams with Skype. I now use it, 
so I can talk to my kids when I am traveling. 


<A - Mark Hawkins>: The way we like it. Well done, Manny. 

<A - Gerald Quindlen>: We love it. 

Gerald P. Quindlen, President and Chief Executive Officer 

So thank you all very much. I just want to close with a brief statement. And I thought I would make a short observation 
about one of our more traditional businesses, which is absolutely the core of Logitech, the Mice business. We've talked 
about it a lot today. In fiscal '08 our retail mice sales growth accelerated to 22%, with cordless growing by 30. I find 
this a very strong indicator of something we mean when we talk about being able to reinvent our categories. Delivering 
growth like this in a category that, frankly, many outside Logitech viewed in the not too distant – in the recent past – as 
"mature" we think is a testament to our ability as a market leader to create new growth dynamics in our category. 

So we thought it was only fitting that in this year, the Chinese Year of the Mouse, we actually expect to cross a pretty 
incredible milestone for our Mouse business. We plan to shift our one-billionth mouse before the fiscal year ends. So it 
just gives you a sense of why we remain so excited about our growth prospects in this business. 

With that, I would like to thank you all for joining us and that concludes our call. 

Operator 

That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


