Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Carol Raeburn, Senior Director, Investor Relations 
• Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Christopher Muse 
• Timothy Arcuri 
• Kate Kotlarsky 
• Satya Kumar 
• Edwin Mok 
• Atif Malik 
• Stephen O'Rourke 
• Stephen Chin 
• Benedict Pang 
• Gary Hsueh 
• Patrick Ho 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lam Research Corporation June 2009 
Quarterly Financial Results Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. 
Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. [Operator Instructions] This call is scheduled 
to conclude at 3 p.m. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Raeburn, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Carol Raeburn, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here 
today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Ernie Maddock, Lam's Chief Financial Officer. 
Today we will discuss the financial results for the June 2009 quarter, and Steve will share our business outlook for the 
September quarter before opening up for Q&A. 

A press release detailing our financial results for the quarter-ended June 28, 2009 was distributed by Business Wire 
shortly after 1 o'clock this afternoon, and is available on our website at lamresearch.com. 

Today's call contains forward-looking statements, including those relating to our forecasts of shipments, revenues, 
expenses, margins, and earnings per share, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs, and plans. 
There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these 
forward-looking statement, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference 
call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. 


All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date, and the company assumes no obligation to 
update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m. And we ask that you please limit questions to one per 
firm. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Ernie for a review of the June quarter results. 

Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Carol. I'm happy to be able to share that we have exceeded or met guidance in all categories for the June 
quarter. June quarter shipments were $246 million, meaningfully higher than our guidance range for the quarter, 
reflecting Lam's ability to respond quickly to unexpected customer demand for leading in edge capacity related etch 
and clean equipment, and to an uptick in demand in our installed base business. 

June quarter shipment levels represent an increase of 55% from the March quarter. Our application and market segment 

– shipments breakout for the quarter 300-millimeter applications represent 95% of total system shipments. Applications 
at less than or equal to the 65-nanometer technology node were 93% of system shipments. During the June quarter, 
memory segment customers comprised about 48% of the total system shipments, and as a subset, the NAND 
component represents approximately 48% of total memory. 
Foundry customers were 34% of system shipments, with logic and other at 18%. June quarter revenue of $217.8 
million exceeded our guidance range, and represents a 25% increase from March quarter revenue. Our clean and etch 
systems businesses improved, and our installed base business also posted higher-than-forecast revenues due to 
improvements in our customer's utilization rates, and an increase in the number of service contracts. June quarter 
ongoing gross margin was 31.1%, within the higher range of our guidance, and reflects an increase of 430 basis points 
over March quarter levels. 

The gross margin performance is a result of improved product mix and better absorption from the factory and field 
related to increased business volume. Ongoing operating expenses were $114 million for the June quarter, a decrease of 
approximately 15 million from the March quarter. Our operating expenses reflect one-time credits and spending 
reductions of $4 million related to employee benefits, travel, supplies and legal expenses. We would not expect future 
quarter spending to benefit from similar credits or spending reductions. 

Our ongoing operating loss for the June quarter was $46.6 million, 13.4 million less than the midpoint of our guidance. 
Other income and expense was a positive $2.9 million for the quarter, and consisted of interest income partially offset 
by expenses related to balance sheet, currency hedges, and interest expense. Non-ongoing expenses of 18.6 million 
included 5.4 million for expenses related to our previously announced restructuring plans, a $4.6 million charge related 
to a legal matter, and a $7.2 million non-cash charge related to the finalization of the March quarter goodwill 
impairment. 

The ongoing tax expense for the quarter was $13.3 million, representing a tax rate of negative 30.4% on the operating 
loss, and our total tax for the quarter was 26.2 million, and includes a $12.9 million charge related to ongoing – 
non-ongoing matters. As we have previously discussed, our tax structure is optimized for operating profits rather than 
losses. And we expect to have continuing tax expenses in periods of operating losses. 

GAAP loss per share was $0.70, and the ongoing loss was $0.45 per share based upon 126 million shares. Moving on 
to our balance sheet, cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash were $758 million, a decrease of 49 
million from the March quarter-ending balance, and reflective of our improved financial performance, and focus on 
minimizing cash expenditures. 

Accounts receivable days outstanding increased slightly from 103 days in March to 106 days in June, reflective of the 
increase in shipment rates, and the timing of associated collections. We anticipate DSO performance to remain at or 
near this level for the remainder of the calendar year. Inventory levels decreased by 10%, consistent with the rise in 
shipment levels resulting in improved inventory turns of 2.6, up from 2.1 in the March quarter. At the end of June, our 


deferred revenue balance was $64.7 million, which does not include $13 million related to Japanese shipments, and that 
will be acknowledged as revenue in future quarters. 

As June represents our fiscal year-end, backlog was 391 million at the end of the June quarter, compared to our last 
disclosed backlog of 410 million, as of the June 2008 quarter. Total capital expenditures were $6 million for the 
quarter, and depreciation and amortization decreased slightly to $18 million. Employee head count declined slightly to 
2,930 employees. Non-cash expenses included in the June quarter ongoing results include 13 million for equity 
compensation, and 18 million in depreciation and amortization noted a moment ago. 

As previously discussed, we continue to suspend purchases under our $250 million share buyback program, on which 
approximately 225 million remains. As we regain sustained positive cash flow levels, the status of the share buyback 
plan will be revisited. 

For more complete details of the geographic breakdown of shipments and revenues, please see today's press release and 
our website for a reconciliation of our shipments, revenue, deferred revenue, cash, and operational cash disbursements. 

Now to Steve's comments. 

Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Ernie. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our June conference call. As you can see from 
the results we posted for the June quarter, there's a definite improvement in the business environment. Increased 
investments are being made for new equipment, as well as upgrades to expand leading edge wafer starts in foundry, 
logic, and memory. And together with improvements in fab utilization, we are experiencing a strong rebound in 
shipments and revenue off the depressed levels of the March quarter. 

Having said that, we still expect that spending on wafer fab equipment for 2009 will be in the range of 10 to 11 billion, 
now biased to the high-end of that range. Back in January, we said a second half improvement in demand for wafer fab 
equipment would be required to get to that level of spending. And at this point in time, it appears that scenario will play 
out close to what we thought. Even as memory pricing has improved over the past few months, our analysis suggests 
there still remains approximately 20%, or 350,000 wafer starts per month of idled memory capacity. 

In previous cycles, it has been common practice for our customers to upgrade idled equipment where possible as a cost 
effective solution to meeting new technology node output needs at this point in the cycle. With the current high volume 
of idled capacity available for remanufacture and upgrade, we anticipate that conversion activity will represent a 
meaningful revenue opportunity for us over the next few years. This opportunity is substantial in etch, where new 
technology capability is typically required to meet leading edge requirements at the next technology node. 

A year or so ago, we established our Reliant product group to increase our focus and capabilities on the refurb and 
upgrades business opportunities we expected to be available in etch, and have now added a clean refurbishment and 
upgrades business unit, to support our customers' needs relative to Lam's installed base of single-wafer cleaners, which 
is the largest in the world. 

In today's etch market, as our customers utilize available idled equipment and either refurbish or upgrade the 
equipment, this temporarily reduces the total demand for etch equipment purchases at the leading edge, particularly in 
memory, by about 45 to 50%. Once demand accelerates and capacity utilization rises, there is little to no available tools 
for refurbishment or upgrade on the leading edge, and most of all leading edge wafer start additions must be filled 
utilizing new equipment. Older installed base tools cannot be refurbished or upgraded for reuse on the leading edge, but 
they can be utilized in trailing etch foundries, where 300-millimeter toolsets are needed. We intend to be very active in 
the used 300-millimeter toolset market as it develops in the coming quarters. 

During our recent analyst event, we shared various longer-term targets for Lam's market share and financial 
performance when wafer fab equipment spending once again, reaches anticipated levels of 20 billion and 25 billion. 
One of these targets was to achieve market share in the mid-30s in single-wafer clean. As we have said many times, the 


market for single-wafer clean is growing faster than most segments in wafer fab equipment. In 2009, we estimate that 
3.5% of wafer fab equipment will be spent on single-wafer clean equipment and over the next five years or so, we 
expect spending to rise to around 5% of wafer fab equipment. 

Lam's key positions of strength in single-wafer clean have historically been in back end-of-the-line foundry and logic, 
and spending for new equipment in those segments has been suppressed over the past 12 months, resulting in 
temporarily exacerbated reductions in revenues and market share for our equipment. 

When new capacity is added in foundry and logic, we expect our market share will increase by four to seven percentage 
points, with our current tool of record positions. In addition, over the next six to 18 months, we are targeting numerous 
application penetrations at existing single-wafer customers, as well as at customers who will be introducing 
single-wafer cleaners to their fabs at the current and next generation nodes. 

Utilizing our strength in etch, and our focus on providing leading edge technically differentiated solutions to our 
customers, we expect to win a sizable number of those targeted penetrations, which we expect will add an additional 
five to seven points of market share in the next few years. Clearly, our targeted market share in the mid-30s requires 
significant penetration wins, but the opportunity and the customer needs are there, and with our history of solid of 
execution, we believe this is a realistic target for us. 

In this period of reduced customer spending, we have continued major investments in product portfolios, as we believe 
they represent a significant growth opportunity when the upturn comes. We do, however, remain focused on balancing 
the need to invest in next-generation technologies while carefully managing the cash expenditures of the company. 

Now, moving into the September quarter, our guidance is as follows: Shipments of 350 million, plus or minus 15 
million; revenues of around 290 million, plus or minus 15 million; gross margin targeted at 38%, plus or minus two 
percentage points; and operating loss of 10 million, plus or minus 7 million, a loss per share of approximately negative 
$0.05 to negative $0.20 a share. 

As always, we will continue our focus on serving the needs of our customers by supporting their installed base needs, 
providing cost effective solutions with our reuse and upgrade strategies in winning tool selections at the next 
technology node. 

With those comments, we will now take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our 
first question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Steve, I thought what you 
discussed in terms of the idled capacity was pretty interesting. I guess, as part of that, are you referring solely to 
300-millimeter memory capacity? And then as part of that, you talked about how the revenue opportunity was roughly 
half of what it would be if it was new equipment, and I guess, could you also add to that part of the conversation what 
the impact is of double patterning and growing the market there for etch? And overall, what the revenue dollar could 
look like? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, when I talk about the idled wafer starts, 
we're talking about wafer starts – it's almost exclusively 300-millimeter now. But it is 300-millimeter equipment. But 
there's not much 200-millimeter wafer start. And I was talking about memory. The 45 to 50% down is again, referring 
to memory. There is some reduction and reuse in non-memory activities, although it's not as extensive, because you 
don't have the same level of idled wafer starts, that they want to convert. Typically, what will happen when you see 
demand rise and the overall utilization in the memory fab goes up, you'll probably have about 20% reuse and 80% new 


equipment purchases, and that depends on the customer, and that depends on how fast they're converting. 

But we anticipate that in 2009 there will about 250,000 wafers starts needed at the 5X, and some early 4X DRAM, and 
somewhere around 150 to 175,000 wafer starts of NAND at the 3X node. And I think the reuse activity in NAND is 
probably higher than it is in DRAM. But I do anticipate that as we move into 2010, that we'll see that the amount of 
reuse will start to decline, and over the next couple of years, we'll start to see that the spending in memory will be 75 or 
80% new equipment. So that represents a significant opportunity for increased wafer fab equipment investment. 

As it relates to the double patterning, clearly, you're going to have some additional etch steps. That's factored in to how 
we look at that the total size of the market. We think that if you had to buy all new equipment for 10,000 wafer starts, 
the etch spending typically would need to be about 30 to 35 million for 10,000 wafer starts. And you'd have about – for 
single-wafer clean, you'd end up with about a third of that, or about 10 to 12 million per 10,000 wafer starts of new 
equipment capacity. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Arcuri [Citigroup]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi, Steve. I'm just trying to run some numbers here, and tell me why this doesn't make sense: 
as I look back at the last peak, you were shipping roughly kind of $650 million, give or take. And it was roughly 75% 
memory and kind of 25 other, so maybe 490 memory, and like, 160 non-memory. So, if I simply just take that 490 
memory and just cut it in half, as per your comments previously about the upgrades versus the new tools, and I just add 
back that 160 non-memory, that kinds of get me to 400 million equivalent, given the idle memory wafers out there to 
what you shipped last peak. 

So, in some ways, you're kind of beginning to bump against what the maximum shipment, the maximum market could 
be, given this 50% haircut that you're talking about in the memory market. Can you tell me why that math is or is not 
right? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, that 650 million of revenue has about 
25% of it is customer service business revenue. And the numbers that we're talking about relate to just systems revenue. 
So, there's clearly more upside when you look at it from the standpoint of systems revenue. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Hi, this is Kate Kotlarsky for Jim Covello. Had a couple of questions. One, is maybe you can 
add some color within memory. It looks like there might be a pick-up in the NAND business sooner maybe than the 
pick-up in the DRAM business. I was just curious how you'd characterize your conversations with your NAND 
customers versus your DRAM customers. And whether you think the NAND industry might be a bigger driver, sort of 
as we come out of this downturn, vis-à-vis the previous upturn? Thank you. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well I think that the – there's more volume of 
wafer start additions on the leading edge in DRAM being added right now at this time, than there is in NAND. 
Probably almost a 2:1 ratio, and that's to be expected, given the number of units that are produced for DRAM versus for 
NAND. 

Clearly, the leading edge and market share leaders in NAND are investing at cautiously prudent levels, given the flat 
pricing environment for NAND, but they're clearly expecting to add wafer start capacity output in the third and fourth 
quarter of '09. And depending upon what environment we see from a demand standpoint in 2010, clearly, there will be 
a need for additional investment at a greater level in 2010 for NAND. 


But the reality is, is that DRAM is such a big, big business that the requirement to add leading edge wafer starts in 
DRAM is expected to be quite significant in 2010. The issue will be how much of that will be satisfied via reuse and 
conversions of existing fab capacity, versus how much will be needed from new equipment, or from purchases of 
upgrades. And we'll have to see how that plays itself out, but clearly, we expect that both NAND and DRAM are going 
to be adding more leading edge wafer starts in 2010 than what they're doing in 2009. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Thanks, Steve. A few questions – if – what geographies and end markets do you expect to drive 
growth in Q3, that's one. If I annualized your Q3 shipments, what do you think that would represent in terms of WFE? 
And lastly, in terms of Q4 how do you think your system shipments are tracking, as we look into Q4, can you give us a 
sense of that? Thanks. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: For your first question, which was about Q3, 
we kind of – I would say that the geographical orientation is obviously, significantly Asian-oriented, and Korea is 
clearly strong. But Taiwan, I think, is going to be a little bit stronger in the September quarter than it was in June. 

But we have to remember that June was the pretty strong quarter for some foundry shipments. And I think that we're 
seeing increases in memory investments across a broader basis, both in Korea, but also in Japan. 

And as it relates to – I'll answer the last question relative to the December quarter – at this point in time, with the lead 
times as short as they are that customers are indicating that they will want deliveries of equipment in the December 
quarter. That would be similar to the levels that they're asking for in September, potentially a little bit less, potentially a 
little bit more, and the reality is that – I kind of call that the customers' hope forecast because they really, they're adding 

– as we talked about. The shipment rates went up pretty good in June, they're going to go up very strongly in 
September, and what they're going to really want delivered in December is going to be function how does the demand 
environment manifest itself, relative to their forecast. 
And I think that, as much as we'd like to have confidence that December is known, in my view, it's premature, and 
we're just going to have to see how it plays out. But it's clear to me that the customers think that the demand 
environment that – systems that they would ship in December, which would be primarily used to support the middle of 
the year needs in 2010 – they're anticipating that they're going to have a reasonable demand environment. 

And the second question, I'm sorry I didn't catch it. 

<A - Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: What level [inaudible]. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, you're asking, Satya, if we annualized the 
Q3 shipments, what would that mean? I think that you would be looking at – we'll have to think about that a little bit... 
Probably an environment that's 13 to 14 billion type of run rate for WFE. 

<A>: Next question, please? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch . Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I had two questions. One is, in terms of your visibility – you said there's 
limited visibility. I'm just trying to see if you can characterize it by foundry, memory, and logic, either in terms of 
weeks or months. And also, what percentage of the etch you're selling today are typical dimension etches versus 
others? 


<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, the limited visibility is not unique to any 
one segment. All of the semiconductor manufacturing customers are demand-driven. And clearly, where the equipment 
purchases are occurring, are with those customers who are the leaders in technology, who are the leaders with their 
customers in terms of providing leading edge demand, or they are customers who have a balance sheet that enables 
them to make the investments at the next technology node. 

And all of those customers are impacted by the macro global economic environment. All of them are in a situation 
where we're all fortunate in that, because of leading edge demand, and because of the semiconductor device 
performance improvements that occur at the next technology nodes, that they have customers that want to convert and 
take advantage of the reduction in the cost per bit, or the cost per function. And so the semiconductor guys benefit from 
the standpoint of typically premium pricing at the leading edge, but none of that can overcome the fundamental 
macroeconomic demand environment, which is 60% consumer-driven. And when you look at business-driven 
investments, it's very much impacted by the fact that the consumers are not spending and business profitabilities are 
suppressed, and so the expected PC refresh cycles have been delayed, investments in server capacity have been 
delayed. And so there – it's not unique to any one segment. 

In terms of the percentage of etch that's critical, as Ernie reported, that at 65-nanometer and below, we're shipping 93 or 
94% of our products. Essentially in this kind of environment, there's very little trailing technology types of capacity 
expansions, because the utilization at those technology nodes is running maybe 70%, and so what you have is the 
investments going to leading edge. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Edwin Mok>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Given that you guys are pretty close to a breakeven, any update 
on that in terms of your breakeven model? And then, just as a quick follow-up, just on your past quarter you guys had 
memory just being 48% of your revenue. Do you see that as the new norm for your business going forward, or do you 
expect memory to bounce back in the coming quarters? Thank you. 

<A - Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Edwin, I'll take the breakeven 
question. So, we've previously talked about P&L break-even between 300 and 350. And then certainly, we're on track 
with that, sort of biased to the low end of that range. So, pretty consistent with what we previously thought. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So in terms of the mix in memory for Lam, I 
anticipate that we will see that the total memory will come down somewhat, certainly in 2009. And I would anticipate 
that over time, we'll see it drift up from the 50 to 60%, to probably somewhere around 65 or 70%. Again, that's in 
anticipation of expected demand for NAND flash, and expected demand for two gigabit DRAM, DDR3-type products. 

I think kind of the wildcard will be from the logic standpoint, what's the robustness with which the logic players will 
look to add capacity at 32-nanometer? And obviously, that will also be something to watch very carefully in the 
foundries, but I don't expect that we would see that the 32-nanometer logic node investments to really accelerate, with a 
few exceptions until mid to late 2010. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, it sounds like you're a bit more conservative on second 
half, than peers like Novellus and ASML. How much of that is due to a large microprocessor customer, and their 
outlook in second half, and you guys have talked about how that large customer depressed your shipments in Q1. So 
how much of that is that, or the mix has kind of caught up now to that deficiency? 


<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the mix has improved significantly, 
because we don't have that large microprocessor customer, we don't tend to look at it all that much. But I think that 
probably the difference is that – I look at the customer behaviors that have occurred historically over almost 30 years in 
this industry. And I think it's not unusual that customers coming off the bottom are hopeful that the bounce-off of the 
bottom and the inventory correction, and that the steady-state level of demand that comes out of that will continue to 
increase. 

And I think that – whether that occurs or not is really – it's a function of the macroeconomic environment, and maybe 
part of how I look at things is that I'm very cautious about how quickly the global economies are going to grow, and as 
a function of that, how quickly the demand is really going to move forward in the semiconductor world. 

And clearly, we have the ability that if it continues to build, we can rapidly deliver to short-term unanticipated demand 
increases, as we commented about doing in June. And so we're positioned to deal with any increases in business, and 
we're very well-positioned to manage costs in the event that the environment should kind of come up, and then stabilize 
a bit. 

<A>: Next question, please? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Stephen O'Rourke>: Thank you, good afternoon. Steve, could you give us an idea of the percentage of tool 
selections that are complete at the 4X and 3X nodes, and kind of update us on your PTOR wins or progress for some of 
those critical applications like high-K/metal gates or front end-of-line cleans? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's a good question. It's a difficult one, 
because one of the interesting things that's occurring in this timeframe is: if you take the 4X decisions for DRAM, 
they're clearly finished for the leading DRAM market share player. And they're largely finished for the rest of the 
DRAM players. But, since a number of those aren't really yet ramping their wafer starts there, it gives them an 
opportunity to change, if they so choose. The 3X decisions for NAND are made, and those will play themselves out 
over the coming quarters, and will begin to increase as a percent of the investments that are made. 

In terms of 3X logic, certainly, the leading microprocessor company has already finalized all of their decisions. I'd say 
most of the 3X decisions in logic have been made. And what that means for us is that in etch, we're expecting that in 
2009, we'll pick up three or four market share points. We expect to pick up another two, three, four points in 2010, as 
the 4X nodes really accelerate going forward, as the 3X nodes accelerate. 

And then in clean, I think that part of what our market share situation will be, how big is the rising tide, in terms of 
overall capacity expansion, which we don't really know how that's going to play out in 2010. But certainly from the 
standpoint of new application wins, particularly on the front end-of-the-line, as well as some other critical back 
end-of-the-lines, we're targeting and expecting that we'll see five to seven market share points play themselves out in 
the 2010/2011. And then with the rising tide, we pick up about another five percentage points, where we're already the 
tool of record. But we need capacity expansion purchases to kind of gain that additional market share back. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Okay, great, thank you. Steve, I was wondering if you could elaborate more on the shipment 
rates of some of the clean tools. Are you modeling shipments to clean tools to increase in line with the September 
quarter guidance, and be up at least 40% sequentially? And are some – with the strong shipments to foundry customers, 
is that also helping some of the clean tool shipments? Thanks. 


<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, the clean tool shipments are 
accelerating. They are – I'm trying to find a piece of paper here that will give me what I'm looking for.. The – can't find 
the one I'm looking for – but anyway, I know it's increasing quarter-to-quarter, and probably the best way to 
characterize what we expect to happen in the total single-wafer clean market, which for us should be spin clean, our 
linear clean, and our dry bevel clean, is that we think the clean market will be down about 35% in 2009 for wafer fab 
equipment spending versus 2008. 

We think the overall wafer fab equipment market's going to be down 46%. And so, because of the conversions to 
single-wafer, it's not going to be down as much. But the most important point for us is that we expect that our Clean 
business will grow year-over-year about 10% in a market that's declining 35%. So, that's clear indication that we're 
winning market share, and we are building our clean shipment outputs as the year progresses. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Benedict Pang>: Thank you for taking my question. First on the Clean, you've commented on the segment 
growth for 2010. Does that depend on what the actual level of capital spending is? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think that when you look at the 
technology buys that are likely or expected to occur in 2010, that's where we're targeting picking up five to seven 
market share points with new application wins, which occur at the 4X and 3X nodes that we're targeting. And then the 
additional 5%, which represents existing tool of record positions, largely in the back end-of-the-line and backside 
cleaning in foundry and logic, that we will benefit from that when the overall purchases for capacity expansion occurs 
in the upturn. And again, maybe that occurs in 2010, or maybe that doesn't occur till 2011. But it all depends on what 
happens to the demand environment in that timeframe. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Yeah, thank you. Steve I think you – you ducked a question about 2010, just what is your view 
there, in terms of what the overall wafer fab equipment spinning environment could be in 2010? I think you laid out the 
case here that with shipment levels increasing in September, it's about a run rate equivalent to 13 to $14 billion CapEx, 
or wafer fab equipment spending environment. What do we expect here in terms of 2010, and if you don't want to 
directly answer that, if you can help us frame that for ourselves, that would be helpful, in your mind. 

And second question here for Ernie, I got the rationale why gross margin improved, but if you look at the revenue level 
that you performed at above the high end, certainly gross margin didn't come in at the high end. So, just wondering 
kind of what sort of held gross margin back, and looking at the midpoint for guidance in September, what gives you the 
confidence we can kind of start tracking back to a more of a 60% draw-through? 

<A - Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so I think a couple of things, 
Gary. One we were kind of in the upper end of our guidance range. But I think the thing that's important, and we've 
talked about this before is the fact that, at these revenue levels, you really have to look at what drove the incremental 
revenue over and up above the top end of guidance. And so if you get a mix between the installed base business versus 
the system shipment business, it's going to tend to moderate the gross margin a little bit. And so what you're really 
looking at, net-net, is a function of mix in the incremental revenue from the March to June quarter, versus the mix that 
we see going from the June to September quarter. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, relative to 2010, I mean, I think we've all 
seen various forecasts from a variety of people in the industry, anywhere 2010 should be 20 to 30% up, which could 
mean 13 to 14 billion, which would mean that we get up to the shipment levels that we're talking about in September, 


and basically go flat. And that would give you about a 20, 25% increase in wafer fab equipment. And there are people 
that are forecasting the 2010 will go – be up 50 or 60%. 

I don't know what it's going to be, and I think it's way too early to tell. I think that what we want to see is that, at a 
minimum, coming up off this inventory correction bottom that we experienced in March, and the rebound in demand in 
terms of increased shipments in June, and our expected increased shipments in September that that is a sustainable rate 
of demand that would require that shipments stay at that same level. I think we'll have to see how that plays itself out. 

And as I said, I mean, we're positioned, if it maintains the level in September, great, we'll try to generate the kind of 
earnings and manage our cash. If it gets better, we'll execute to it. And if it gets weaker, I think we've positioned our 
cost structure to where we have plenty of cash on the balance sheet, and we'll able to work our way through. So, we're 
not all that worried and all that focused on what 2010 might be, because we think it's just not possible to predict. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Thanks a lot. In terms of your wet Clean business on the margin profile, is that now, on a going 
forward basis, heavily dependent on volume? Or are there still additional restructuring efforts that you can do? And 
secondly, in terms of your – the DSOs you mentioned in your prepared remarks, are they going to remain at current 
levels through the end of this calendar year? What do you see the cash burn in September? 

<A - Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, first, relative to the Clean 
business, clearly, there is going to be a volume impact to that, a very, very positive volume impact as factory utilization 
goes up. Our factory utilization has been a significant factor in the gross margin performance at these low shipment 
levels. And we also believe that there is some further work to do relative to the cost side of the equation, both from a 
product cost level, as well as just an operating expense level. So, I think you're going see improvement as a function of 
all three things that you mentioned. 

Relative to cash burn in September, we expect that, on an ongoing operations basis, that we're going to be within 10 
million or so of zero, and that includes a substantial investment in accounts receivable that we're going to have make in 
order to fundamentally support the increased level of shipments that Steve talked about. 

And the DSO performance is really a function of the rate of acceleration of shipments versus the payment terms that are 
associated with those shipments. So, you have shipments increasing very rapidly. Revenue tends to lag in periods 
where shipments accelerate very rapidly, and that has a drag on overall DSO performance. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And then Patrick, I think that if you look at 
our historical performance relative to DSO being in the 60s and low 70s, and now that we're up over a hundred, clearly, 
a part of it is what Ernie said. You get this rapid acceleration of shipments, particularly if they're later in the quarter, 
and those are not going to be collected in the period, and that will drive DSO. 

I think the other factor is that customers clearly are looking for ways in which they can alter their weak balance sheets 
with what some of the top equipment suppliers have relative to the strength of our balance sheet. And there's no 
question, just like in all significant downturns, that we end up utilizing the strength of our balance sheet, and in essence, 
delaying the timing of payments for some of our customers, and that contributes to the DSO. 

So, the good news is that, as we come out of this, and as cash flows improve for our customers, we will have an 
opportunity to see significant positive cash flows occur, as the customers start paying faster, and the shipments start to 
smooth out a little bit. That will be very beneficial for the timing of cash flow, as well as for DSO. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Tim Arcuri with Citi. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi, two more things. One Steve, what sort of – of that 350,000 wafers of unutilized memory 
currently, what portion is being refurbed per quarter? I'm just trying to figure out how long it will take to kind of chew 
through that? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's a function of how many wafer starts 
they're adding per quarter on the leading edge. And so, if you kind of look at – 5X wafer starts were probably 
somewhere around 50,000. And by the end of June, they were probably up to 150,000. And so, if you took that 100,000 
that they added, it's probably 50% of that. So 50,000 came from conversions, and I think as you go forward for the rest 
of this year, we're anticipating that as you move up and add a total for the year of around 250,000 that they'll convert 
about 125,000 of their existing wafer starts from trailing edge to that 5X. And then they'll purchase the rest in the form 
of either new equipment, or they'll buy upgrade chambers that they'll put on their tools. 

And so, a lot depends on how fast the conversion to 5X occurs, and what the demand levels are for DRAM products 
and NAND products that are running at the n-1 or even the n-2 node. And that's why we say that, as demand picks up, 
they start running those lines, because if the pricing moves up, then they can generate cash from those lines, and that 
makes less equipment available to be converted on to a new line, and they have to purchase more new equipment. So, 
we'll see how that plays itself out. But at this point in time, it's about 50%. 

So, we have time for maybe one more question. 

Operator 

All right thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: Yeah, Hi, thanks, a quick follow-up, in terms of tax rate for both the September quarter and 
all of fiscal '10, can you provide some help there? 

<A - Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. For the September quarter, 
we're actually thinking about a tax rate of right around 100% of the operating loss. So, it's again, a negative tax rate. 
And I think, just to put some context around that, we talked about the fact that, as our operating losses begin to 
approach zero, the tax rates, as long as we're on the south side of zero, the tax rates move astronomically north in terms 
of the rate. And obviously, the dollars are going to be much, much smaller. 

So, we are modeling a tax rate of about 100% for the September quarter, and our view for all of fiscal year '10 is 
hovering in that same range as well, because as we think about where the profits are going to be generated and the 
overall level of profitability, we're going to be bumping along that normed line as we think about it right now. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And so 100% sounds not too good, but since 
we're targeting our operating loss at 10 million, as Ernie said, it may be 100% but it's a small number. 

<Q - Christopher Muse>: Right. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And so we will definitely gain the benefit 
when we turn profitable. But we'll just have to see when that's going to occur. 

Carol Raeburn, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

All right, I'd like to thank you for joining us today. Please be advised that the webcast of today's call will be available 
on our website later this afternoon. Thank you for your interest in Lam Research, and for participating in today's call. 

Operator 


Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation June 2009 quarterly financial results conference 
call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using ATT Teleconference. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


