Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Carol Raeburn, Managing Director, Investor Relations 
• Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• James Covello 
• C.J. Muse 
• Patrick Ho 
• Atif Malik 
• Krish Sankar 
• Satya Kumar 
• Gary Hsueh 
• Stephen Chin 
• Timothy Arcuri 
• Ben Pang 
• Peter Kim 
• Jagadish Iyer 
• Y. Edwin Mok 
• Mehdi Hosseini 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you so much for standing by. And welcome to the Lam Research 
Corporation September 2010 Quarterly Results Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a 
listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This 
call is scheduled to end at 3:00 PM Pacific Standard Time. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Carol Raeburn, Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead, ma'am. 

Carol Raeburn, Managing Director, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here with me today 
are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer. Today we will discuss the financial results for the September 2010 quarter, and Steve will share our 
business outlook for the December 2010 quarter before opening up for Q&A. 

The press release detailing our financial results for the quarter ended September 26, 2010 was distributed by Business 
Wire shortly after 1:00 this afternoon and is available on our website at lamresearch.com. 


Today's call contains forward-looking statements, including those relating to our forecasts of market share, shipments, 
revenues, expenses, margins, and earnings per share, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs, 
and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these 
forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference 
call and on our most recently filed Form 10-K. 

All forward-looking statements are based on information as of today's date, and the company assumes no obligation to 
update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 PM, and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm 
with a brief follow-up. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Ernie for a review of the September quarter results. 

Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Carol. Before I share the results from our September quarter, I'd like to take a moment to recognize and 
thank Carol Raeburn who has done an exceptional job heading our Investor Relations team for more than three years 
now. Carol is moving into a new role within the finance organization where she will be responsible for supporting 
Lam's regional business operations around the world. As Carol is transitioning into her new role, Chaney Hudson will 
now be responsible for Investor Relations. Chaney has been with Lam for over 10 years and has held engineering and 
business development roles, and I'm pleased that she will now be applying her talents in heading up Lam's IR team. 

Now on to the results. September was another strong quarter for the company as we delivered record shipments, 
revenues and earnings. Shipments for the September quarter were 808 million, up 16% from the June quarter. 

Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows. 65-nanometer and below applications 
represented 89% of total system shipments. DRAM accounted for 38% of total system shipments and NAND 
comprising 19% thus making the total memory segment 57% of system shipments. Foundry customers accounted for 
33% of system shipments, while logic and other constituted the balance of 10%. 

September quarter revenues were 805.9 million, slightly exceeding the high end of our guidance range. This represents 
a sequential increase of approximately 16% over the prior quarter driven by all product lines and in particular, our clean 
products. 

Ongoing gross margin was 46.8%, up slightly from that of the June quarter. Ongoing operating expenses for the 
September quarter were approximately 158 million, 6 million higher than the previous quarter. The increase is 
attributable to higher variable compensation associated with the company's higher revenue and profit levels as well as 
increased R&D investments to support and grow our market share. 

Ongoing operating income was 219 million, reflecting a 27% growth over the June quarter and results in an ongoing 
operating margin of 27.2%, which exceeded the high end of our guidance. U.S. GAAP net income for the quarter was 
favorably impacted by a $3.1 million reversal of certain restructuring and impairment charges related to facilities. This 
amount is net of taxes. 

Our ongoing tax rate for the September quarter was 12.5%, a few percentage points lower than we had expected, 
primarily due to the favorable geographic mix of operating income. For the December quarter, we expected an ongoing 
tax rate in the low to mid-teens and at currently projected levels of business, we would expect the fiscal-year tax rate to 
be similar. 

For the September quarter, our ongoing diluted EPS was $1.52 based on a share count of 125 million. Relative to our 
guidance midpoint, approximately $0.10 of the incremental EPS was generated from our strong operating performance 
and approximately $0.07 was generated as a result of the favorable tax rate. 

Turning to the balance sheet, our cash and short-term investments including restricted cash totaled 1.1 billion and in 
September, we generated 256 million in cash from operations translating to 32% of total revenue. During the 
September quarter, we continued to make share repurchases to offset the dilution from employee equity plans and 


repurchased approximately 3.4 million shares at an average price of $38.56 for a total of $130.7 million. 

As we highlighted last quarter, a portion of the shares repurchased during the June quarter were settled in September 
and is reflected in our September quarter cash flow statement. That amount is $13.5 million. 

Accounts receivable days outstanding were 59 days, down from 65 in the June quarter and inventory turns were 5.1, 
increasing from our June quarter end performance of 4.7. 

At the end of the quarter, deferred revenue was $217 million, and as usual excludes shipments to Japanese customers 
that will revenue in future quarters. The revenue value for these shipments totaled $50 million. 

Non-cash expenses include among other items 13 million for equity compensation and 18 million for depreciation and 
amortization. Capital expenditures were 19 million and our employee head count at September end was approximately 
3,300. 

With that, I'll turn it over to Steve for his comments. 

Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Ernie and good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining our call today. As Ernie just covered, results 
for the September quarter reflect both record revenue and earnings for the company. And I'm certainly pleased with our 
ability to deliver high levels of profits and cash from operations in this highly competitive market. 

Looking at the wafer fab equipment environment and our current customer delivery requests, we are forecasting wafer 
fab equipment spend for calendar 2010 to be in the range of 28 to 28.5 billion, which is approximately 120% growth 
over the 2009 spending level. While underlying semiconductor demand fundamentals remain healthy, concerns over 
the macroeconomic environment and recent weakening in consumer PC markets have led customers to adopt a more 
cautious tone as they exit 2010 and plan for 2011. 

Having said that, as we stated in our last earnings call, we still expect that the second half wafer fab equipment 
spending to approximate a 30 to 31 billion run rate for the second half. Relative to the market segments, we have seen 
strengthening in foundry shipments through the second half of 2010, driven by broad-based customer demand and a 
wide technology mix. Throughout the September quarter, utilization at the leading foundries remained in the high 90% 
range. And as we move into the December quarter, we would expect utilization to remain high, moderated somewhat 
due to normal seasonality. 

Looking at the memory market, decline in DRAM ASPs coupled with softening in the consumer PC market, have 
raised concerns over the near-term demand environment. However, enterprise server and PC demand continue to be 
strong as corporations reinvest in their IT infrastructure. While DRAM pricing is forecasted to decline by about 20% 
during the December quarter, we would expect that the leading-edge DRAM suppliers will remain very profitable as 
they continue transitioning to the 4X and 3X technology nodes and even suppliers manufacturing in the 6X, 5X nodes 
should remain above their cash costs. 

Excuse me. In NAND, demand for tablet devices and high-end smartphones continues to drive bit growth. Content rich 
smartphones are growing at nearly twice the rate as the overall cell phone market this year, and unit sales for tablet 
devices, which have approximately four times the average NAND content and smartphones are projected to be between 
13 to 15 million units this year. As a result, we see NAND bit growth in the range of 75 to 80% for 2010. 

Relative to Lam's shipments, we will strongly outpace the industry this year in both our etch and clean product lines, 
supported by our strong position across all market segments, DRAM, NAND and foundry logic. In etch, we continue to 
strengthen our leading market share position by leveraging our process capability to win new critical application 
decisions particularly in the areas of high-k metal gate and metal hardmasks, which are starting to ramp in foundry 
logic. We are also winning new application decisions for next generation memory development, which will help 
support future market share gains. 


In single wafer clean, we are capturing new applications particularly in the front end of the line memory and foundry 
logic as customers transition more process steps from batch to single-wafer clean. Our differentiated drying technology 
on the Da Vinci Prime Spin Clean system and short contact times of our Linear clean tool are helping customers gain 
tighter control of their clean processes contributing to improved yields and device reliability. 

As a result, we expect both our etch and clean system shipments to grow by greater than 180% this year significantly 
outpacing the WFE market, which as I indicated earlier forecasted to grow by 120%. This would lead us to a 2010 
year-end market share position in etch, of 53% to 54% and single-wafer clean market share of approximately 30%. 

As we look into 2011, consensus forecasts for worldwide GDP growth is forming around the 3% range, which is 
modestly below 2010 GDP estimates. Though the pace of the economic recovery remains sluggish in the U.S. and 
Europe, worldwide semiconductor demand remains healthy, in part due to Asian and emerging markets growth and 
their higher per capita spending for electronics. 

Based on what customers are telling us today, we expect our first half 2011 shipments to be flattish to perhaps slightly 
down relative to the average shipment run rate for the second half of 2010, as customers digest recent investments and 
continue to monitor trends in the macroeconomic and memory markets in particular. 

As the spending environment for 2011 plays itself out, it is clear that Lam's track record in consistently winning new 
applications in critical areas positions us well to take advantage of whatever the future spending environment turns out 
to be. 

Now, moving on to our December quarter guidance, which is as follows: Shipments of 865 million plus or minus 20 
million, revenues of 825 million plus or minus 20 million, gross margin at 47% plus or minus 1%, operating profit at 
27% plus or minus 1%, and earnings per share of $1.55 plus or minus $0.07 per share. 

So with that, Ernie and I will be happy to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs, please go 
ahead with your question. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question, congratulations on the great results. 
Maybe first I can just ask, Steve, you guys do a great job of kind of modeling out a lot of CapEx issues in the industry. 
Have you guys created any kind of metric or algorithms yet as you think about tablets versus the impact of CapEx kind 
of netting out maybe a potential negative DRAM impact from the tablet market? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we think that tablets are probably going 
to – probably ship about 40 million units next year. And I think that from the standpoint of its impact overall on 
DRAM, not particularly significant, I think tablets kind of cannibalize the netbooks, which are not very DRAM 
intensive anyway. And so certainly with the NAND intensity of tablets, I mean with a bunch of new tablets that are 
scheduled to come out later this year, it will be interesting to see what kind of market penetration they generate and 
where I kind of look for the impact is on beneficial additional demand for NAND flash. 

<Q - James Covello>: Okay. And then on the cash and the buybacks, I noticed while your comment is that you're 
going to buy back stock to offset the option dilution, I noticed the share count did come down. So net, you're doing the 
little bit more than just offsetting the dilution, is that the game plan for the continued time being with all the cash you're 
generating? 

<A - Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Jim, it's Ernie. That's generally 
the game plan. We announced the new authorization from the Board, which will transact at appropriate pricing levels. 
And we're thinking about dilution both in terms of past dilution as well as potentially looking at '11 and understanding 


the dilution that may result from equity programs during that time as well. So we're being a little bit more broad-based 
in our thinking there. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of C.J. Muse of Barclays Capital. Please go ahead with your 
question. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, you talked about the 
first half of '11 looking like the second half of '10. Can you talk about I guess compare and contrast, what differences 
you expect to see in terms of spending by segment and then I have a quick follow-up. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, as we had commented last quarter, we 
saw foundry coming up as a stronger percentage versus memory and that certainly has played itself out in the second 
half of 2010. And I see that continuing to be the case if you take foundry and logic together. I think memory is 
beginning to look like, it will – it will be closer to 48% to 50% of total spending as opposed to what it was earlier at 
57% and in prior years even 65%. And I think this reflects the capital intensity of what's happening at the 28-nanometer 
node and as customers next year really ramp their wafer starts associated with that in logic and foundry, there's a lot of 
spending that's going to have to occur to deal with the needs of the 28-technology node. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Great. And then as a quick follow-up, I recall a quarter ago, there was some pushes on your 
shipment side due to, I guess, installation delays of other equipment at some of your customers. Is that a recurring 
theme that that's impacting your shipments here in the second half of the year, or has that been fully resolved? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think as we talked about when you 
kind of get up and you have a pretty significant ramp, you have kind of a settling effect. And in this case, there's 
somewhat of a settling effect, but it's still at higher output levels. And so if you look at the little over 800 million that 
we shipped in the September quarter going up another 8% or so to 865 reflects that there is still increasing shipments. 

When you look at the guidance range of plus or minus 20, that's where you see some of the issues around fab readiness. 
There was a situation last quarter that we talked about where one of our customers didn't get some of their litho tool 
deliveries, so therefore they pushed out by three or four weeks some deliveries and that can move it out of the quarter. 
So there's always some of that kind of activity that's present. 

But I think kind of the bottom line is that there is a – customers are looking at the market very carefully and there is 
kind of a cautiousness that's present in what they say. If you look at their actions, it's kind of cautioned, but moving 
forward relative to the confidence that the demand is going to be there, the need for the next technology nodes is 
critical from a cost competitiveness standpoint in DRAM and NAND and the foundry logic people believe that there is 
quite a bit of demand that they can ship into for the performance and low-power capability of 28-nanometer. So things 
while not continuing to be so strongly up and to the right are still a very strong consolidated output level. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Ho with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead with your 
question. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Thanks a lot. Congratulations on another good quarter. Steve, in terms of the commentary you 
made about the wet clean business and the foundry wins, are you seeing them both in terms of capacity buys for the 
back end of the line and also on the front end of the line? What type of process applications are driving these wins? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're definitely seeing continued expansion 
of volume for the back end of the line and the backside cleaning, which has been a historical strength. And we continue 
to pick up some additional applications relative to that. But the reason we kind of highlight the front end is because 


that's where the most significant change in conversion from batch to single wafer is occurring. 

And so if you kind of look at where that's happening, there's I think four of those wins that we had were foundry logic, 
another three were in various aspects of memory. So we were kind of getting wins in kind of across-the-board and 
certainly, one of the things that customers are seeing is that as they move to 4X, they see some yield and lifetime 
reliability issues. When they go to 3X and 2X they are seeing additional issues, so clean is clearly moving to where we 
predicted it would be becoming, on a number of applications and a growing number of applications steps, a critical 
process and fortunately, in both our spin tools, where the drying technology is really creating an important 
differentiation, that's helping our market share growth and then in linear with our short contact time and the ability to 
use some pretty aggressive chemicals without the use of solvents, but still control critical dimensions both on the 
sidewall and the underlying level is resulting in some really nice yield and reliability benefits as well. 

So our family of products is competing well and we like the momentum that we have across-the-board both in terms of 
our traditional back end, but also the penetration for the front end. 

<Q - Patrick Ho>: Right. And a broader just cycle question, as we look ahead into 2011, there are several big projects 
on the plate across the board, both memory and foundry. At this point in the game, do you feel, I guess, confident that 
those projects will continue as planned and it's just more of a question of timing of when those, I guess, CapEx plans 
proceed? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think I have not had any discussions 
with any customers where stopping construction or slowing down the plans that they have in terms of when fabs are 
going to be ready to take equipment. But I think you characterized it right. If you're smart in this industry, you do a 
couple of things. One is you have the fab space that you can expand into and you have the litho already in place or 
locked up in the front end of when you want to spend the rest of your wafer fab equipment. And so then ultimately, that 
leads then to flexibility that if they want to push out the delivery of equipment into these ready-to-go fabs, they can 
adjust that. And so, we'll have to see how that plays out, which certainly at this point I think it's too early to really 
understand exactly how 2011 is going to play out. And we'll certainly comment about that more in terms of how we see 
it on the next conference call. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Steve, in terms of next year's outlook, it sounds kind of similar to 
what ASML said that it could be a flat to up kind of a CapEx year. But listening to Inotera and Nanya overnight, I 
mean, these guys are suggesting DRAM CapEx down 50 to 100% next year for them. And so I just want to understand 
when you – are you – I mean, is this what these guys are telling you? I mean, what's your assumption for DRAM being 

– how much DRAM could be down next year? 
<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well first off, Atif, I want to make sure that 
you heard me correctly, because actually I didn't say flat to up, I said in the first half flat to slightly down. ASML may 
have said flat to up, but I didn't. And I think it's worth clarifying. I mean, ASML kind of gives you an indication of 
what people think they are going to need. But as I've commented many times, because our lead times are so much 
shorter, ultimately what they decide to do for the rest of the wafer fab equipment will be a function of how that 
demand/supply picture paints out. So I'm not commenting on 2011 at all, I only made a comment on the first half of 
2011, which was flat to slightly down. 

So back to your question, I think that when you look at some of these individual fabs, you're going to have some people 
where if you take Nanya and Inotera, I think we all know that they had a very significant investment that was a function 
of doing their trench capacitor conversion to stack. I think that the number of wafer start additions that they may be 
planning at this point in time are not where they're focused. They're focused on technology conversions of the existing 
Inotera activity, some wafer start expansions at Nanya if they go forward, but their capital asset intensity for DRAM is 


going to be much better in 2011 because they're primarily going to be focused on conversions and conversions are 
much more cost effective than brand new wafer starts or – in comparison to the trench to stack capacitor conversion. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Got it. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So – and just one last thing since you 
asked the question. Right now, while we'll certainly kind of continue to firm this up, given where we see supply and 
demand and bit growth per wafer output and capital asset productivity from conversions for DRAM, I would expect 
DRAM to be down in wafer fab equipment spending anywhere from between 10 and 20%. And we'll just have to see 
how it plays itself out. I would be surprised if it was up, given the supply/demand environment that we're seeing at this 
point in time. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: That's very helpful. And on the NAND side, I was wondering if you can give us some insight on 
what the NAND makers are thinking about doing below 2X nanometer, which they're kind of moving in production 
right now? So without being too specific, we're hearing about 3D devices, read/write 3D devices and phase change. So 
if I look at etch spending as a percentage of wafer fab equipment spending, it has been up and to the right for the last 
five years. So my question is that when we move to the devices below 2X nanometer, what's your best assessment in 
terms of etch intensity? What happens to etch intensity below 2X nanometer? Thanks. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think it's an interesting question. 
Probably the best answer you could get would be to ask the NAND guys what they are thinking about. But certainly, as 
you go to low 2X and as they look at the challenges and issues on high 1X, I think our expectations are that as a 
function of some patterning issues and some material issues and some potential architecture changes, that etch intensity 
is likely to increase slightly in NAND. Exactly how that's going to play out we'll just have to see, because there is a lot 
of activity being done by different customers with different designs. And – but as it stands right now, I would expect 
the etch intensity go up slightly. 

Operator 

Thank You. Our next question comes from the line of Krish Sankar with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I had a question and a follow-up. Steve, as I look at your 
second half 2010 wafer fab equipment run rate, you say it's going to be 30 to 31 billion. I remember last time, you said 
it looked more like 32 billion. So is the reduction of $1 to $2 billion coming from – is it memory or which vertical is it 
coming from and does that move into first half 2011 or will it just go away? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I can say, yes, yes, maybe and likely. 
And the reason is, it's kind of a combination of a bunch of stuff. And when we said it three months ago, which, it seems 
like right now in this industry three months is a generation of your life. Things adjust and things change. And that's 
why I try to make sure that when we communicate that I say, based on what customers are saying they want to do now, 
this is what it looks like. So what's happened is that there has been a little bit of movement where some customers who 
wanted delivery in December have decided that they're not ready. They want to go and push it to March or some from 
customers that kind of change their wafer start profile; some of that's in foundry, some of that's in memory. But I would 
say that probably, if you had to pick one area, some of the aggressive deliveries that customers were talking about in 
foundry that were going to be December deliveries are now more likely going to be in the March quarter and some of 
them even potentially into the June quarter. But it's a pretty fluid environment. 

<Q - Krish Sankar>: Got it. And when you look at your first half 2011 shipments, can you tell me like what 
percentage of those shipments is going into new fabs or shells versus capacity adds at existing facilities? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I couldn't tell you off the top of my head right 
now. So I will have to ask somebody to get back to you, Krish. We can break that down, but I don't have that right here. 


<Q - Krish Sankar>: Okay. Thanks, Steve. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your 
question. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Steve, I think, if you look at your rolling forecast for 
your December and March shipment plan over the last, say month or two, did you see any net push-outs from the 
December quarter into the March or June quarter? And is that what you refer to by this customer caution? And if you 
did, was it driven more by a lack of litho or fab space or demand-related factors? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. There was, I mean, it's kind of what I 
talked about that if you look at some of the foundries that had been talking three months ago about taking more 
deliveries in December, some of them have backed off a little bit. I mean, we're not talking huge amounts, but some 
aspects of things, some of that has to do with how much wafer start capacity can they actually get in and absorb. Some 
of these companies may have a desire to kind of maybe have their CapEx intensity kind of smoothed out a little bit. 
Some of them may be rethinking exactly which technology node they want to accelerate. So there's a whole variety of 
factors. But when I kind of look at this kind of activity, it's very – it's very common that when you stop going 
consistently up and to the right, when you stop having every quarter seeing the adjustments always moving to the high 
side that you start seeing as you kind of consolidate and slow down the rate of growth, you have a bunch of ins and outs 
that come in and depending upon which customer it is that's kind of what you see. And so while obviously our 
shipment trend is still rising, it's not rising as fast. And I kind of view that as a good thing. I view it as the industry kind 
of consolidating the gains, absorbing all of this capacity, continuing to focus on in many respects their technology 
transitions and kind of taking a look around and looking at how the holiday season is going to play out, looking at their 
forecast for 2011. And then we'll see in reality where people actually decide they want to invest, but as it stands right 
now, like I said, there is some caution, but everybody's still going forward albeit sometimes a month or two later than 
what they may have thought three months ago. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Okay. That's understandable. And as a follow-up, what portion of your 2010 shipments are to 
Tier 2 chip companies, memory and foundry companies? By Tier 2 I mean companies that might have say under 10% 
of their – of market share in their respective segments? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we're seeing – as we talked about last 
quarter that there is a broadening of the number of customers that are participating in purchasing equipment. And it's 
kind of what you see as the cycle continues on that we all know who the major concentrated top 5 is, but we're seeing 
kind of the other foundry players come in. We're seeing some general purpose logic investment and we're seeing kind 
of more of a broader base of investment in kind of a broader group of memory companies. So when I look at the 
December and March quarters, they're much broader based than what we saw in the first half of 2010. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Yeah, thanks. Steve, quick question here for you. The common wisdom here, I guess, is that 
NAND still is a pretty good secular growth mechanism for the industry near-term and Lam at least for next year. But if 
I look at kind of your shipment numbers, NAND definitely ticked down as a percentage of the shipment mix in the 
September quarter. And you're saying basically in terms of your visibility NAND really can't support flat to slightly 
higher shipments in the first half, you're talking about flat to slightly down. So I was wondering if you can again kind 
of square off, sort of the near-term shipment profile in your first half commentary specifically around NAND? 


<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, you're right, in terms of NAND 
shipments in September were slightly lower than NAND shipments in June. They are going to be a little stronger at 
least relative to what we're scheduled to deliver in the December quarter than they were in September. And then I think 
what we are kind of seeing is a bunch of NAND shipments coming in one quarter, kind of less shipments the next 
quarter, then a bunch of NAND shipments come in the next quarter, kind of an alternating quarter type of thing. And 
when I look at NAND kind of finishing off the year, where it was about 22% of our total shipments, I would expect that 
NAND's going to be somewhere in that same arena, maybe slightly higher because I do think that the spending in 
NAND next year will be stronger than the spending for DRAM at least from a percentage standpoint. Because I expect 
NAND will be maybe flat to down 10%, whereas we said DRAM kind of could be down 10 to 20%. So I expect that 
NAND is going to stay a strong area of total spending. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay, great. And a quick follow-up here for Ernie, you guys are doing really good job here kind 
of sticking with the financial model. But if I look at the September quarter and tell me if I've got this wrong, it looks 
like from an operating margin perspective, you were a little bit light, but made up for it on the tax line. I was wondering 
going forward, how do you better kind of leverage your OpEx to get sort of to that 28% operating margin sort of target? 
And if you're still at the low teens in terms of the tax rate, how does that change sort of your scenario for earnings on 
annualized basis at $6 and at $7.50? How much does that move up on better leverage on OpEx and lower taxes? 

<A - Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: You know, Gary, I think it's 
important to remember that the 28% OpInc projection was a projection at a fully quarterized 875. And obviously if you 
look at our results and our guidance, we're just not quite there yet. So relative to at least our tracking to the models, our 
belief is, we're actually doing quite well and maybe even slightly ahead of where we thought we might be relative to 
the discussions that we had in July. 

One of the things we did is talk about the impact of that tax rate relative to our overall guidance. So you look at $0.07 
this quarter give or take and if you assume that that's going to be roughly in that range that says on a full-year basis, 
you could see some upside of $0.20 to $0.30 related to tax rate vis-à-vis what we had talked about in the model. So 
hopefully those are some good points for you to reference to going forward. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Okay. Thanks. Hey, Steve, Ernie, and also congrats on the results. Steve, I was wondering if you 
could share what do you think Lam's estimated etch share could be at foundry customers? And the reason I was asking 
is that the foundry spend is higher in the first half of 2011 TAM, has Lam's etch share in 2011 increased meaningfully 
above this year's 54% target? And I guess same question on the cleans business as well next year, do foundries spend 
the most? Thanks. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, our etch share as we talked about over 
the last couple of years is essentially plus or minus a point or two, the same as it is in memory. So one of the benefits 
we derive is if memory comes down a little bit as a percent of spending, but foundry goes up, then it doesn't have an 
impact in terms of negative leverage or positive leverage for that perspective. 

We are growing our share in foundry this year in terms of application wins as we have grown again with application 
wins in memory. And we would expect that our etch market share will be higher in 2011 as a function of these 
application wins. And it really doesn't matter too much to us in terms how the breakout in spending is, it's really more a 
function of what's the total level of spending and how do we build the rest of our P&L structure around that, because 
from a market share standpoint, I think we'll do well in any scenario. 

In terms of clean, certainly from a back end of the line, the foundry segment converted from batch to single wafer a 
long time ago. That's been a strength for our single wafer spin tools. And so we actually have in that segment, I would 
say our market share is probably in the mid-40s. I was just out in Asia talking to a bunch of our customers about how 


things are going and what they're thinking about next year and got a lot of good feedback from the customers about 
how they see our clean tools working, both spin and linear. And in certainly, with the foundry market, a lot of foundry 
business being in Taiwan, we have a very strong share in the foundry business in Taiwan. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Timothy Arcuri [Citi Investment Research]. Please go ahead with 
your question. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi, Steve, a couple of things. You guys have done a really nice job in the clean market. Are 
there other markets without specifying what they are – are there other markets that as you sort of look across the 
spectrum that look to you kind of like clean that are big markets that are relatively fragmented that you think as you try 
to grow the company into the next cycle that you could go into and do what you did in clean in that market? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Given that clean, single wafer clean is over a 
billion and the total clean market is over 2.5 billion, there aren't too many markets that are that big, any way you look at 
it let alone as you characterized it, fragmented opportunities to move from kind of what was more of a commodity 
aspect to a differentiated technical yield-enhancing activity. So I would have to say I don't see any markets of that size 
and scale and scope. 

I think that there are other potential markets that are potentially going to emerge as we really look at some of the 
changes in silicon semiconductor associated with different gate structures, whether you're talking 3D memory or you're 
talking about thin FET structures, and you're talking about other advanced logic that could represent opportunities for a 
company to bring a differentiated technology, combine it with the kinds of operational strengths that Lam Research has 
that can bring cycle time benefits, cost, quality, startup benefits. And certainly as we've talked about, we're looking at 
seeing whether there is anything that might fit the kind of competencies that we think we can bring to the market. But I 
don't think there is any at this point of the size and scale and scope of the clean market. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Got it. Thanks. And then just as a quick follow-up. Just – this is a hard question to answer, but 
if you take your hat as Lam's CEO off for just a moment, and just from a manager point of view, do you personally 
think that it makes sense for an equipment company to go private? I know that you made a off-handed comment, I 
think, at SEMICON and several folks have sort of jumped on that. But I'm just wondering just from a cyclical 
perspective and from there not being many customers and from a consolidated customer base, does it makes sense for 
an equipment company to go private? To say nothing about your company just in general? Thanks. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, since nobody on the phone can see 
whether my hat is on or off as a CEO, probably a lot of people would assume that it was still on and take whatever I 
said as some official position from the standpoint of the company. 

I mean, I will answer generically in a broader way. I think that every company, whether they're in the equipment 
business and I realize there are some different issues around cash flow and timing of cash flow as a function of 
cyclicality. But I think every company has to evaluate on their own what are the needs that they have in terms of being 
in a particular market, in terms of access to capital, how do they believe their going forward capitalization situation is 
going to play out. And I think, as a function of that, you have to think about that and a whole bunch of other sort of 
factors in terms of whether you would want to consider going private. And I think that the parameters that you have to 
consider are the same. 

I think that there are some aspects that from a cyclicality standpoint, some companies deal with better and may have 
better balance sheets. But at the end of the day, I think most companies have a different set of circumstances and they 
have to make their own evaluations as a function of that. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Pang with Caris & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ben Pang>: Thanks for taking my question. What is the difference in capital intensity or your served available 
market for etch between 2X NAND and 3X DRAM? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think – I think, I'm not 100% sure, but I do 
think that DRAM at 3X is more capital intensive. I think that for 10,000 wafer starts per month of new DRAM that 
you're going to be looking at a situation where you have to spend close to 300 million. If you look at NAND, you're 
probably in 2011 going to have to spend something more like 265 to 270. So I think that that's – I mean that's overall 
WFE and then if you take the etch element of that, I think etch is running about 13.8% of WFE. And I don't think the 
etch percentage is necessarily any different between NAND and DRAM. So what that says is that there is more etch 
intensity for NAND than DRAM. 

<Q - Ben Pang>: Okay. And then one follow-up on your wet clean business, your single wafer wet clean. You 
committed on the market share for 2010. For calendar year 2011, what's the biggest potential in terms of share gain in 
terms of application meaning foundry, DRAM? Where would you see that you could gain share? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We have penetration evaluations going on 
with a number of the leading NAND companies, we have it in DRAM and we have it in foundry. So from the 
standpoint of potential, all of them are in play. And at this point in time relative to where we are in those qualification 
cycles, it's a pretty balanced effort from the standpoint of where we're trying to penetrate because if you think about 
who the big spenders are, they're obviously in NAND and DRAM and foundries. And so, that's our target and I 
wouldn't weight one more than the other. 

<Q - Ben Pang>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Kim with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So I just want to get a clarification on what your end customer 
mix looked like for the shipments in the calendar Q4, the December quarter. I think you mentioned earlier that you 
were looking for memory to represent about 48% to 50% of shipments. Is that correct? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I said that when the year is over for 2010, 
memory will end up being about 50% for the year, I'm sorry, memory will be about 58% for the year. But it's coming 
down because in the first of half of the year, memory was running about 67%. And in the December quarter, memory 
will be less than 50% of the shipments. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: So could you give a clarification on what you think the end market mix is going to look like for the 
December quarter, kind of foundry, NAND and DRAM? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I could. A little bit hesitant, because I'm not 
sure what you're looking to use it for and the reason that I am is that while we're sitting here, and we're outputting, 
things can change. And if they change by 10 million, the percentages change pretty significantly. But what I would tell 
is that NAND is scheduled to be a little over 20%, DRAM is scheduled to be somewhat over 20% and the rest is going 
to be foundry and logic at somewhere around 55%. 

<Q - Peter Kim>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer with Arete Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Yeah, thanks for taking my questions. Steve, two questions. First is that if you have to make an 
apples-to-apples comparison, how would you characterize your market share in NAND in this upcoming cycle for next 
year versus 2007? And do you think if there is an increase, is it sufficient to offset the DRAM weakness? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, given that – if NAND was flat and 
DRAM for example was 20% down, you would have to have 100% of the etch market to offset the decline in DRAM. 
So I don't think that's likely to occur if you had that kind of scenario. 

But certainly we're making penetration progress at a number of NAND flash, leading-edge applications. But really I 
think it's too early to try and say that we 1) know what the spending is going to be in 2011 and how ultimately that will 
play itself out. But all I will just say is that out of the 15 net application wins that we are achieving in 2010 in etch, that 
a number of them are NAND, so I expect our market share in NAND will grow next year. 

<Q - Jagadish Iyer>: Okay. A second quick question. Steve, you have been pretty good in terms of giving the shrinks 
versus capacity. So how would you characterize that for '11 between DRAM and NAND, and how do you think '10 will 
end up between shrinks versus capacity? Thank you. 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think in 2010 in DRAM, I think you 
had – you're going to have more conversions and there were more new wafer starts added than what we're kind of 
thinking at this point in time, but again you know, it's early. I think that the overall capital intensity may decline in 
DRAM in 2011 because the ratio of conversions to new starts will be more favorable to conversions. 

Having said that, slightly declining and very slightly declining in DRAM, I think the capital intensity in NAND flash is 
more likely to go up, because I think that there is going to be more new wafer start at – for NAND or similar new wafer 
starts, but less conversions. So that will drive the capital intensity up probably maybe 15% or 20% in NAND in 2011. 
And again, that's just based on assumptions of forecasting demand, which we all ought to be very cautious about, 
because as far as I am concerned, we really don't know how 2011 is going to play out. 

<A - Carol Raeburn, Managing Director, Investor Relations>: Operator, we have time for questions from two more 
callers. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from their line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Y. Edwin Mok>: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on the clean market, clearly as we play 

– single wafer is replacing batch. Could you please comment a little bit about front-end line penetration of the single 
wafer in that market? And you talked about overall industry might decline in the first half of '11; do you expect that 
same trend to apply to single wafer clean as well? 
<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: One of the benefits of being in a market where 
even if spending is flat that the market can grow in single wafer, because of the conversions. We're kind of anticipating 
that the single wafer will be at least flat unless the market significantly adjusts. And so I think that probably the single 
wafer market can grow 10% more than the market as a whole. So if the market was downturn 10, single wafer would be 
flat, if the market's flat, single wafer would probably be up 10%. 

<Q - Y. Edwin Mok>: Great. That was helpful. And then one more question on NAND, I apologize for that. If I go 
back and look at 2007, your shipment number was $678 million for that calendar year and it looks like you're 
approaching that at this level. I understand you guys have clean business now and also you've gained some share on the 
NAND market. Is there any way you can quantify how much of that – given that your level is around the same, but the 
market was bigger back then, any way you can quantify how much of it was share gain versus just the additive for the 
single wafer clean business? 


<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're talking about in just the clean market 
or...? 

<Q - Y. Edwin Mok>: I was referring to NAND shipment, if I go back to calendar '07 and looked at what you're then 
tracking to ship this calendar year, it looks like you're around the same level, even though NAND market will have 
smaller or the NAND capital spending is smaller this year versus '07? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I don't have in front of me what our 
NAND shipments were in '07. But certainly, the NAND market was much smaller from a spending standpoint. I don't 
know, I should be careful about much smaller. So probably, the best way for us to answer that question is to get back to 
you so we can do the research and answer it accurately. 

<Q - Y. Edwin Mok>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question and final question comes from the line of Mehdi Hosseini with Susquehanna. Please go 
ahead with your question. 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: Thanks for taking my question. I almost hung up. As a follow-up to the DRAM commentaries, 
Steve, if the market in the first-half calendar year next year is going to be flat to down compared to the second half of 
this year and assuming that DRAM bit supply about 50% growth next year, doesn't that suggest that there could be a 
significant step down in DRAM spending from first half into the second half? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not necessarily. We had 45% bit growth this 
year and spent $8 billion or so in DRAM wafer fab equipment. And when we look at a 55% bit growth, we have 
stronger bit growth and the only reason that they are likely to be able to spend less is because the bits per wafer are 
growing faster in 2011 than in 2010. And so, I think that if we get 50-55% bit growth, I don't think you will see a major 
step down in DRAM spending. 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: Because also this year, we had Nanya and Inotera migrating, changing technologies. So I 
thought maybe that would – going forward next year, they're just going to be focused on the shrinks, that that could 
have an impact. 

Moving on to the clean and if you continue to gain share in the clean business and if the market is going to be up 10%, 
if I understood your comments correctly, how is that going to impact the margin profile because it's my understanding 
that clean carries a lower margin? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: First, let me comment on what you just said 
about Nanya and Inotera. What you said is exactly what I said. They're going to focus on shrinks; shrinks are a lot more 
capital efficient. And I said that I thought that the DRAM market would be down, potentially from flat to 20%. So that 
takes into account the change in capital intensity as well as the gigabytes per wafer. So I'm sorry, can you repeat your 
second question because...? 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: Sure, I'm just trying to understand the continued share gain in clean into next year and its 
impact on the margin profile? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: If the WFE, overall WFE is going to be flat to down in the first half and to that extent, it would 
impact the etch business, but you continue to gain share in the clean coming off of a smaller base, how would that 
impact the overall margin profile? 

<A - Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm not going to attempt to quantify that for 
2011 since I'm not going to sit here on this call and talk about what 2011 is actually going to be, because I don't know. 


What I will say is that our margins in clean have continued to grow. They are in the low 40% now, so they're still an 
overall net drag on the corporation's overall gross margin. But compared to where they were in the past they're actually 
contributing to improvement, because they are moving closer to the corporate average. And as the volume grows, we 
will continue to get some volume-related absorption in terms of the above the line costs, and we will also get some 
volume-related absorption as it relates to the below the line cost. The overall operating margin contribution of the clean 
group I expect will continue to improve relative to helping the company's financial performance and I think that is 
likely to be in the case under most scenarios that I would put forth, could play out in 2011. Obviously if 2011 turned 
out to be a significantly down year in WFE, then you don't get some of those benefits I talked about. But if we have – if 
we have the opportunity to grow share in 2011 in clean, which I think we will, if we have a reasonable spending 
environment in 2011, which at this point in time looks like it will be reasonable, then I think clean will be a positive 
contributor to the profitability profile of the company. 

<A - Ernest E. Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'd make one additional comment. 
So we've drawn up three models: a 25 billion model, a $31-32 billion model and a $35 billion model, all of those were 
two-year time horizon models. And all of those contemplated the relatively quickly, more quickly growing clean share 
versus etch given our position in clean versus etch. So if you refer back to those models, I think you're going to get a 
good view of what the company's performance could be at any of those levels and if you think about the range of wafer 
fab estimates that people are kicking around right now, certainly those cover it. So those would be really good 
reference points to think about. 

<Q - Mehdi Hosseini>: Thanks. 

<A - Carol Raeburn, Managing Director, Investor Relations>: Thank you for joining our call today. The audio 
replay will be available on our website later this afternoon. That concludes our call. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Lam Research Corporation September 2010 Quarterly Results Conference 
Call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


