Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Carol Raeburn, Senior Director, Investor Relations 
• Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer 
• Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the March 2008 Quarterly Financial Results Conference. 
During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be 
opened for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded today, April 23, 2008. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Carol Raeburn, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go 
ahead. 

Carol Raeburn, Senior Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you operator. Good afternoon and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. Here 
today are Steve Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer. Today 
we will discuss the financial results for the quarter ended March 30th, 2008, and share our business outlook for the June 
2008 quarter. A press release detailing our financial result for the March 2008 quarter was distributed by Business Wire 
at approximately 2:00 o'clock this afternoon and is available on our website at lamresearch.com. 

Today's call contains forward looking statements including those related to revenues, shipments, margins and earnings 
forecasts, customer demand and industry conditions as well as statements that express the company's expectations, 
beliefs, plans and forecasts. There are important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from 
those discussed in these forward-looking statements. 

Additional information concerning factors that could cause results to differ can be found on our annual report Form 
10-K for the year ended June 24th, 2007, now filed with the SEC. This call is scheduled to last until 3:00 PM and we 
ask that you please limit questions to one per firm. 

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Martin for a review of the March quarter results. 

Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Carol. This afternoon we have a lot to discuss as we review a more comprehensive financial disclosure of 
the company. It's been a difficult time for all of us working with only limited preliminary statements. I would like to 
thank you all for your patience. As we review the financial statements today we have a significant number of unusual 
items including the completion of the voluntary stock options review and the SEZ Group acquisition. We have 
presented what we consider the key headlines in our earnings release. I will supplement that with additional comments 
shortly. 

Before we begin, I wanted to communicate our intentions related to financial statements disclosure for the SEZ 
business. We are planning to aggregate the SEZ Group now known as the Spin Clean Division into the existing Lam 


Financial and accordingly, we will not be routinely separating out their numbers. Our presentation of the March 2008 
quarter includes full consolidation of the SEZ Group although they reflect that they were slightly less than 2% minority 
interest. 

Because we provided guidance for the March quarter without the Spin Clean Division and the actual results we 
reported today have consolidated its performance since March 11, 2008 and includes certain onetime and non-ongoing 
items, we will be more extensive in our commentary today. 

Highlights of reported ongoing earnings for the March 2008 quarter include, revenues slightly above our mid-range 
guidance at 614 million or 612 million excluding Spin Clean Division. Consolidated ongoing gross margin of 47.8% of 
revenues marginally stronger than expected, but down sequentially due to challenging customer and product mix or 
47.9% excluding Spin Clean Division. 

Consolidated ongoing operating income performance of 23.6% of revenues or 24.5% excluding the Spin Clean 
Division, gross cash and short-term investments including restricted cash in excess of $1 billion. Shipments momentum 
in the quarter was positive representing approximately 6% growth sequentially, a little stronger than our earlier 
expectations. Consistent with prior quarters our applications and segment shipments disclosure is limited to the etch 
business, accordingly 300 millimeter applications represented approximately 93% of the total shipments and 
applications at less than or equal to the 90 nanometer technology node represented 92%. Memory segment customers in 
the quarter represented about 76% of the total with the NAND component accounting for approximately 51% of total 
memory. Logic other was 8% and foundry was 16% of the total. 

As just noted revenue was slightly stronger than the midpoint of our guidance range facilitated in part by strong same 
quarter shipments to revenue terms in etch systems of more than 50%. Our customers are working with us to qualify 
and utilize our equipment as fast as ever. For more complete details on the geographic breakdown of shipments and 
revenues please see today's press release and the website for a reconciliation of shipments, revenues, deferred revenues 
and cash. 

Generally consistent with our guidance, our March quarter gross margin of 47.8% decreased 2.6 percentage points 
sequentially as a result of unfavorable customer mix. As discussed in January the concentration around the large 
memory customers was significant. Product mix also placed pressure on our gross margins notably in the etch business. 
This was the first quarter that our 4x series products represented the majority of our system revenues. These products 
are the foundation of our recent market share expansion. They provided the basis for our expectations going forward 
and so we are really pleased with the revenue momentum. 

As we have articulated in the most recent couple of quarters, we've continued to invest in building customer trust by 
supporting where appropriate the current economic needs of our customers. Our reported profitability levels reflect 
those pricing decisions and also the relative immaturity of those same products as far as we've implemented the 
targeted cost reductions. 

Ongoing operating expenses for the company were 148.9 million in the March quarter, which includes 5.6 million 
incurred by the Spin Clean Division. In view of that, the pre-acquisition operating expense level is exactly as we 
projected. As you will remember, one of the primary drivers for a sequential operating expense increase in the March 
quarter is the seasonal impact of high payroll taxes. It is also the quarter where Lam processes annual merit pay 
increases. Normally we would have approved the annual all employee equity grant in the quarter, also, but due to the 
stock options review, that was postponed and is now planned for the June 2008 quarter. Ongoing operating income was 
a healthy 23.6% of revenues or 24.5% on a pre-acquisition basis, again in line with the guidance we provided in 
January. 

Before moving to the balance sheet, our non-ongoing P&L items are as follows. As reported in our recently filed 
financial statements, the company accrued 50.2 million of future cash compensation charges associated with anticipated 
employee internal revenue code 409A tax liabilities on certain gains from so-called misdated stock options. This 
expense is a result of determinations by the company in completing its independent stock option review. As shown on 
the face of the P&L, 6.4 million of this compensation charge is classified in cost of goods sold, the remainder in 


operating expenses. 

We incurred an additional 6 million in expenses associated with the stock option review in the March quarter bringing 
the total cost in professional fees and other costs to 16 million. Costs are reported as general and administrative. 
Currently, we only anticipate nominal costs going forward. 

We incurred a one time 2.1 million charge related to the write-off of in-process R&D following our acquisition of the 
SEZ Group. This reflects the present value estimates of prior R&D investments made with no standalone expectations 
of future revenue and is reported in operating expenses. Included in other income, we realized a non-operating gain of 
49 million related to our currency hedging and Swiss Franc strengthening associated with the purchase price of the SEZ 
Group. Finally, the income tax effects related to the aggregate non-ongoing items is a benefit of 2.9 million. 

The financial consolidation of the SEZ Group into Lam Research in essence involves two significant process steps. 
First, the conversion from international accounting standards to US GAAP, including the alignment with Lam's 
corporate accounting policies and secondly, the completion of the purchase price accounting to determine the fair value 
of existing tangible and intangible assets, the new fair value assigned to separately identifiable intangible assets as a 
result of our acquisition, and finally the consequential goodwill. Both of these process steps and their effects are 
ongoing. 

The transition from international standard to US GAAP per se was largely insignificant. Although only a short time has 
passed since the acquisition, our integration activities are becoming more meaningful. Since the deal closed, we have 
implemented actions promoting a single face for the customer by integrating the field organization into our existing 
global account structure. In addition, we have developed a roadmap for business process streamlining, including in the 
area of customer terms and conditions. In that regard specifically, it became clear in recent weeks that it's appropriate to 
standardize the Spin Clean Division business under our pre-existing revenue on acceptance model. 

Because US GAAP purchase price accounting rules preclude us from creating an opening balance sheet position for 
revenues previously reported on the shipment based revenue model of the SEZ Group, this decision to adopt an 
acceptance model has the effect of deferring revenues and cost of sales for an estimated one to three month period from 
the date of shipments to the process acceptance timeline. During this initial period of deferring more than is recognized 
we continue to record all operating expenses as a period expense consistent with US GAAP. As a result of this 
accounting policy change and a very limited 19 day window since we closed the acquisition, the Spin Clean Division 
showed an operating loss that in our view significantly exaggerate negatively the economic reality of the Spin Clean 
Division in the quarter. We would expect this condition to repeat in the June quarter and largely be normalized by the 
September quarter as customer acceptances are anticipated to catch up so to speak with the level of shipments. 

Finally the allocations of purchase price and equity consideration transaction costs and assumed liability are 
preliminary but the March quarter ending balance sheet allocation includes 65 million of intangible assets and 204 
million of goodwill. Our total consolidated gross cash balance including restricted cash is slightly more than 1 billion at 
the end of March. This represents an approximate 100 million increase in our gross cash balance after the net cash is 
used to purchase the SEZ Group and as planned, we've repositioned our 250 million offshore debt to the US. 

The consolidated deferred revenue balance was 270 million including 29 million for the Spin Clean Division at the end 
of March. In addition there is approximately 43 million of anticipated future revenue value of our previously made 
shipments to Japanese customers. In the quarter there was no stock repurchase activity by the company and as a 
reminder we currently have no board authorized repurchase program in place. 

Consolidated capital expenditures were 19 million. Depreciation and amortization were 13 million. As a result of the 
voluntary stock option review, Lam suspended its employee equity plans and so we received no cash from the exercise 
of those plans during the March quarter. Headcounts was more or less constant at slightly more than 3,000 employees 
at the end of March for Lam. The company added approximately 900 employees with the acquisition of the SEZ 
Group. 

Now I would like to provide a few words on the tax rate. Our US GAAP income tax rate for the March 2008 quarter 
was 23.8%. In large part this reduction from the level of 28.1% in the few quarters ended December 2007 is attributed 


to the tax deduction for the previously announced 409A related employee compensation liability. As Steve will capture 
in our guidance for the June quarter, we currently assume a 28% tax rate for the 2008 fiscal year which requires us to 
assume a 34% rate for the June 2008 quarter. Most of the rate volatility quarter-to-quarter is a function of the timing of 
the non-ongoing times. Most of the fiscal year rate differentials to our previously announced target of 25% long term 
effective take rate is a consequence of this fiscal year being the most disadvantaged tax holiday year in our last five. 
Further, the absence of the R&D tax credit beyond December 2007 is a loss of 1 percentage point in the fiscal year. 

In fiscal year 2009 and therefore the second half of calendar 2008, we would anticipate the rate to fall on or below the 
25% level again due to the resumption of improved tax holiday benefits which apply through fiscal 2013. Excluding the 
Spin Clean Division, operating asset performance remained strong. Accounts receivable collections performance had a 
DSO of 71 days. Inventory performance was 5.4 turns. As a status comment on the SEZ Group acquisition, we have at 
this point reached the 98% ownership threshold that qualifies us for the more simplified administrative process to 
acquire the remaining shares of SEZ that we do not currently own. We are targeting to realize our goal of 100% 
ownership within the calendar year. 

Finally, to recap the important headlines. We are pleased that through a period of significant adjustments in the 
industry, we delivered ongoing operating performance that met or slightly exceeded our previously announced 
guidance in the March 2008 quarter. We consolidated 19 days of SEZ Group performance into the financials and due in 
large part to our decision to apply an acceptance stage revenue recognition model; results were slightly dilutive to 
earnings. 

As previously highlighted, we have significant non-ongoing items this quarter including our voluntary stock options 
review, 56 million pre-tax, and a gain related to currency of 49 million as part of the SEZ acquisition. Our tax rate is 
generally in line with our expectations although more volatile than normal, mainly due to the non-ongoing items or 
discrete events. And finally our cash momentum is strong. We closed the quarter with 1 billion in gross cash balances. 

Now to Steve's comments. 

Stephen G. Newberry, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you Martin and good afternoon everyone. Lam produced a successful quarter in a challenging environment with 
our March shipments, revenues, gross margins and operating income all meeting or exceeding our previously stated 
expectations. In addition to solid financial results we completed our acquisition of the SEZ Group, a very important 
milestone in our strategy to expand into markets adjacent to etch. The independent committee of the Board of the 
Directors completed its review of our historical stock option practices for accounting purposes in the quarter and now 
our 10-K and 10-Qs for past periods are now current and we look forward to resuming our normal levels of disclosure 
transparency. 

Since our last conference call when we shared our outlook, the macro environment has deteriorated significantly. We 
enjoyed a strong shipment environment in the March quarter but increasing uncertainty in the consumer electronics 
environment has negative implications for previously planned capacity additions by semi manufacturers over the next 
few quarters. Our previous commentary around wafer fab equipment spending has been focused on the supply-demand 
imbalances in memory and the resultant negative impacts to memory manufacturers' profitability. Increasingly the 
economy must be factored into our view as well and as a result of increased uncertainty around the demand side of the 
equation, we now believe that memory units supply and demand imbalances may take longer to resolve than we 
previously thought. 

We think the impact of these conditions will be felt through the next two quarters with supply and demand for memory 
likely reaching equilibrium some time in the fourth quarter of 2008. The level and timing of any resumption and 
increased capacity additions for memory is a function of improved profitability, cash flows and the impact of the 
contraction in the credit markets that could affect access to capital. 


Foundries for the most part continue to run at very high utilization rates delaying as long as possible what looks to be 
required investments going forward for additional capacity. While foundries strive to improve profitability by keeping 
utilization rates high, foundry investment in leading-edge technology continues, but at a slower adoption rate than 
previously expected. 

Foundries are shipping wafers of the 65-nanometer node, but the adoption rates are slower than the rates achieved for 
the 90-nanometer node. Additional factors impacting investments in added capacity are the short delivery and 
installation lead times available for equipment and the current strategy by foundries to add small amounts of 
incremental capacity while waiting for the demand signals from their customers. 

As a result of the collective factors of memory unit supply and demand imbalances and customer profitability issues, 
and the macroeconomic issues potentially impacting consumer spending, our overall view of the semiconductor 
equipment industry is that CapEx for 2008 will now be down around 20 to 25% relative to the spending in 2007. For 
etch specifically, we believe the reduction in equipment spending may be down 22 to 27% on a shipment sent basis 
relative to 2007. Our analysis suggests that even a down 25% scenario requires a strong acceleration of shipments in 
the last three to four months of the year. 

With the current view of customer spending for equipment, I'd like to discuss how Lam is managing through this 
challenging near-term environment. 

Our longer-term thesis for underlying IC unit demand growth and the related capital spending requirements remains 
unchanged, and our strategy to target that opportunity through a continued market share growth in etch and expansion 
into adjacent markets remains the key focus in the company. As we've stated on several occasions in the past few 
months, we are committed to investing in the long-term profitable growth of the company throughout the cycle and we 
plan to maintain spending to meet our long-term strategic goals while still generating acceptable operating income 
performance. 

Despite the near-term decline in wafer fab equipment spending, we continue to perform well in etch, winning and 
defending applications at the leading edge. We are encouraged by customer decisions that we believe validate our 
expectations to gain an additional couple points of market share in the transition from 6X to 5X to 4X technology 
nodes. Our analysis suggests that most of the 4x tool selection decisions have been made for NAND Flash and we 
expect that NAND production buys going forward will be for the 4x node throughout 2008 and the first half of 2009. 

DRAM is in production on 7X and 6X technology, and decisions for tool selections at 5X are ongoing throughout the 
year. Microprocessor is complete for 4X decisions and advanced logic foundry decisions for 4X are ongoing 
throughout the year. To further advance our adjacent market strategy, we completed the acquisition of the SEZ Group 
on March 11 of this year. This acquisition is a key achievement for our company, and we have turned immediately to 
the task of assuring a successful integration. First and foremost since the deal date, our additional discovery and strong 
collaboration have reinforced our belief in the value of our strategy and acquisition decision. 

The combination of the companies creates a broad set of highly competitive capabilities with the opportunity to 
leverage the leading installed base in single-wafer clean and the established customer relationships with both 
companies into an accelerated penetration of the rapidly emerging transition to single-wafer clean particularly in the 
front end of the line. 

Integration activities are well underway and are progressing to plan. We are accelerating the collaboration activities 
between the companies particularly in the areas of technology exchange and we have reorganized the field organization 
around our existing global customer accounts to achieve a strong single face to the customer capability. Comprehensive 
discussions with the top semi companies are occurring and I am expecting accelerating joint development projects and 
eval activity for both the new Spin Clean Division's Da Vinci Prime and Esanti product lines as well as Lam's C3 linear 
cleaner. 

In addition to our strategic commentary today, with the acquisition closed and integration well underway, we are 
aggressively focused on applying Lam's strong operating discipline to the SEZ business. Opportunities for costs and 
operating asset improvements have been identified as well as other synergies and we will provide additional 


commentary on this topic over the next several quarters. 

We remain committed to both Spin and linear clean technologies, and our near-term technology focus is to leverage the 
advanced process technology and integration knowledge existing in Lam's etch and clean businesses with the 
engineering and productivity expertise existing in the Spin Clean Division to strengthen our overall differentiation 
across the product portfolio. We expect this to result in a powerful capability which will enable strong share gains in 
the total wafer clean market going forward. 

Turning to our guidance for the June quarter, this guidance reflects full integration of the new Spin Clean Division into 
the Lam Research corporate P&L on a revenue on acceptance basis. We expect shipments to decrease to 490 million to 
530 million, down approximately 20 to 25% from the prior quarter. Revenues are expected to be in the range of 535 
million to 565 million, down 7.5 to 12.5% from the prior quarter. Gross margins are forecast at 43%, plus or minus one 
percentage point. Operating margin guidance is in the range of 12.5% plus or minus one percentage point. GAAP EPS 
is expected to be in the range of 0.32 to $0.42 per share for the quarter. 

In wrapping up, the current customer spending environment creates challenges for us in the near term. However, our 
commitment to a long-term strategy for growing Lam on a significantly higher rate than the wafer fab equipment 
industry is still supported by a favorable IC unit demand outlook over the next several years. Our strong balance sheet 
and profitability allows us to continue our investment in positioning products in multiple wafer fab equipment segments 
for the next generation of yield enabling solutions providing a strong springboard for the company's next wave of 
growth. 

Thank you for your attention and we'll now open the call to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. 

Our first question comes from the line of Satya Kumar with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking my question, Steve. Just because it's the first quarter that you're 
guiding with the impact of the Spin Clean Division, I was wondering if you can help us understand how much that's 
contributing to your shipments revenues in the June quarter and what we should think about it for the rest of the year? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: We will talk – I will let Martin talk about that, and then we will try to help you through that 
because we realize it's confusing. 

<A - Martin Anstice>: So, I am going to start relative to the June quarter. As Steve mentioned, if you take the 
midpoint of that guidance range, so just to recap, Steve guided EPS $0.32 to $0.42. So if you take the 37 point at the 
middle of that range, I think the underlying business of Lam, so by underlying, I mean without SEZ is in excess of 
$0.50. And to a meaningful extent, as I indicated, the revenue recognition decision model – decision that we took 
drives that SEZ EPS loss of, in the range of 10 to $0.15. So when you think about 37 midpoint, you should be thinking 
50 or so underlying for the existing Lam business, and then to a meaningful extent impacted by the revenue acceptance 
decision, 10 to 15 negative for the SEZ business. 

That kind of attributes as I said relative to acceptance is something that I expect to see much more normalized in 
September. And so, the only comment that I'll really kind of put on the table at this point in time is that if you look at 
that level of impact of SEZ, this is probably the worst of our outlook from a quarter's perspective in terms of impact on 
a company from an EPS point of view. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: And Steve, looking at what you know from your memory customers at this point, shipments 
from memory was almost flat in the quarter. It didn't seem like there was a lot of adjustments from these customers to 
adjust for the oversupply. Looking at the forecast you have from memory, just for the core etch business, can you give 


us a sense of how much you think memory shipments can be down this calendar year year-over-year? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: Well, I think from a calendar year perspective, if we break it down into what do we think 
the impact will be for DRAM, I think we can expect that DRAM will be down, 45 maybe even 50% on a shipments 
basis. I think that NAND Flash will be up 10%. So when you look at memory as a whole, it kind of comes out about 
down 30% for the year, and we will see that offset by some level of maybe slight increase in foundry. I think it all 
depends on what do the foundries really decide that they want to do in the second half of the year. But overall, with 
memory down about 30 something percent, that will take the total down about 20% for the year. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Steve, if I do a quick math on that, it seems that in perhaps September you could actually see a 
sequential decline in shipments and revenue. Would you care to comment on that? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: I mean the comment I would have is that with the volatility that is going on right now, it's 
hard enough to really have a tremendous amount of confidence that what's in the shipment guidance for the quarter will 
actually be what it is. And interestingly, it's not all negative momentum. In any given quarter, there are a number of 
customers that are well publicized to push it out because the number of customers that pulled in, I mean we certainly 
saw that in March. When we look at the makeup for June, we've got a number of customers that pushed out. We had a 
number of customers that came back in. 

And so, when you think about September, in my view, September is likely to be in the vicinity of June, and I think that 
we are clearly dropping down to a level of shipments that for us is down 20 to 25%. I – my expectation would be that I 
would expect that we will kind of bump along at that level for another quarter or so. Potentially, if you want to think 
about that instead of being down 20%, that the industry is down 25, 25 to 30. If you kind of bumped along at the 
bottom, at a similar level between the June quarter, the September quarter, the December quarter, that's kind of how 
you get into a down 25 to 30% scenario. 

I honestly couldn't tell you right now because I think that with this industry being so much more consumer-dependent 
and certainly the macroeconomic signs relative to consumer confidence and what the consumer is going to do given the 
prices of oil are driving gasoline up to significant levels. While this is maybe mostly dominated by the issues in the 
United States, we all know that the effect of the US consumer on worldwide GDP in consumer electronics can be 
significant. So I think that we are just going to have to wait to see how this plays itself out. 

<Q - Satya Kumar>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instruction]. Our next question is from the line of Gary Hsueh with Oppenheimer & Company. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Yeah, hi, thanks for taking my question, just another further question here on SEZ. Can you 
explain whether or not there are any significant differences to SEZ's end market exposure relative to LAM's core etch 
business? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: What do you mean by that? 

<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Just in terms of DRAM, NAND, logic, and foundry breakdown, is there any significant sort of 
delta in any one of those percentages that you recorded in the March quarter for SEZ? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: I haven't really specifically studied the specifics of their breakdown. We do know that they 
tend to be – they've had a very good position in foundry, but what we're really focused on is capturing a lot of the 
opportunities that are going to be decided over the next 9 to 18 months, particularly the front end of the line, and that is 
going to be opportunities that are in both NAND Flash, DRAM, foundry, advanced logic, et cetera, but I do think that 
probably they have a little stronger percentage of their business that's foundry related today. 


<Q - Gary Hsueh>: Okay. If I could sneak in one more question. Just you kind of piqued my interest here, Steve, you 
talked about potentially an uptick in shipments in the September quarter on the premise that the etch total market in 
terms of shipments was down 22 to 27% year-over-year. Is that what you said? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: No, what I said was that even if you look at a 25% down scenario, that it's going to require 
a strong up tick in shipments in the last three or four months of the year. And so I didn't say anything specific about 
September, but I mean, I understand where your question is coming from. But what I want people to understand is that 
shipments are coming down pretty sharply. I think you are getting that kind of indication from all the companies in the 
industry. And I think that even if we end up the year, whether we are down 20% or 25% that that includes a need for 
there to be a strong up tick in shipments some time in the last three or four months. And if we don't get good demand 
coming through the product streams from the consumer, then we all run the risk that instead of this being 20% down, 
it's going to be closer to 25%. And if things really don't go well, I mean that's how you can get to a 25 or even 30% 
down scenario. So I realize that it's a pretty large gap between 20% down and 30, but the reality is that there is that 
level of uncertainty in the marketplace today. 

<A - Martin Anstice>: I think that, just to add to that, I think there is an important segue from the commentary around 
the last three to four months of this year in terms of shipment because as I think everybody understands, with an 
acceptance model in revenues, if that does take place, the potential to impact the revenue stream of the company is 
something that is kind of prolonged, and you've got to kind of model, if that does take place, say three months or so 
delay from that curve happening in shipments to the same curve happening in revenues. So that's an important thing 
from a modeling point of view. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bill Ong with American Technology Research. Go ahead. 

<Q - Bill Ong>: Yes, I have a foreign currency question. So the SEZ Group tools are obviously sold in Euro-dollars. 
Any plans of changing it to US dollars? And also my question is really about what's your foreign currency mix 
impacting revenue and cost? And then I assume most of the manufacturing for SEZ will stay in Europe, and then how 
will the R&D is going to be split up between the two countries? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: That's one very big question. 

<Q - Bill Ong>: Thought so. 

<A - Martin Anstice>: I think the headline on foreign currency, from the best hedging strategy in the world, which is 
you have costs and revenues that match up, that's the best way to manage currency exposure. The addition of SEZ to 
the company has given us more of a challenge, but I would still say the currency exposure of the company via natural 
hedging is pretty good actually. Obviously, today's news with the Euro at an all-time high is something that we will 
have to pay a lot of attention to. Our biggest unhedged exposures are the Euro and the Taiwan dollar. And we will be 
spending a bunch of time in the next couple of months getting our arms around that. 

Relative to the question on manufacturing for SEZ, there are currently no plans to change the manufacturing locations 
for the SEZ business. Your assumption there is correct, and I think that was the core of your question. If I missed 
anything then, somehow we will get it in a follow-up I hope. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Timothy Arcuri with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Timothy Arcuri>: Hi, quick, quick things. I guess first of all, Martin, are there any charges in the guidance? And 
second of all, would it be fair to say that the shipments, if you would strip out SEZ, the shipments for the core business 
in June are kind of in the 460 to 470 range? 


<A - Martin Anstice>: No special charges in guidance. 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: Relative to shipments, the shipment profile for SEZ is not as strong as what you said, so 
from a Lam only business, it's higher than that. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Jim Covello with Goldman Sachs. Please... 

<Q - James Covello>: Great, thanks very much guys for taking my question. Steve, question for you. Our models 
agree with what you said about a supply-demand balance in the commodities and memory in the fourth quarter. Based 
on your experience, how long – how many quarters do you think that customers would need to see an up tick in 
profitability before they would start to order again? Would it be right away, would it be one quarter, two quarters, what 
has history told us about that? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: Well, what history, at least from my perspective, has told us is that the first thing customers 
do when they get into this kind of environment is they try to anticipate and create a soft landing. And I think what we 
have seen is that the amount of spending in DRAM has been declining consistently quarter-over-quarter, and the effort 
to try to create a soft landing around the middle of 2008 has clearly not been successful. And so now I think what you 
see is a realization that the rate of capacity additions for DRAM is going to have to come down more, and that's largely 
what we see. 

And I think that what happens is that you get into a situation where the market will respond ultimately to the fact that as 
supply is coming down and demand is rising that you will get a crossover point. And I think that what you end up 
having is probably about, my guess would be about a three-month effect before they see it, they know it's there. And I 
think what happens in this environment now is they stop anticipating and they wait for the supply and demand to occur. 

In the past, it would take six months, even nine months to respond to that. With the lead times and the installation cycle 
times and the speed to yield in terms of what the collective supply chain can do, I think once the real supply and 
demand gets in balance, you'll see it be adjusted to and responded to in about a three to two four month timeframe. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Steve O'Rourke with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Steve O'Rourke>: Thank you, good afternoon. Steve, just a follow on to that last answer. That would 
pre-suppose that we'd start to see shipments coming back in the first half of '09, Q1 of '09 maybe? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: Well I think that, I mean one of the questions becomes when do the semiconductor guys 
start to see the signs and signals that with pricing that's already on one gig is firmed up, that it starts to climb up. And I 
think that once it starts to climb up that everybody in the industry is well aware that the rate of shipments has come 
down pretty dramatically and is scheduled to come down pretty dramatically in this quarter. So I think that that's where 
you get this, the last three or four months of the year, you're going to see, if the scenario plays out, you would likely see 
shipments improve. If the demand environment is softer and the pricing environment doesn't improve, then you 
wouldn't see the shipment environment improve till after the 1st of, the start of 2009. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Jay Deahna with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jay Deahna>: Thanks very much. Steve or Martin, assuming SEZ normalizes in the September quarter, do you 
expect that to normalize at a profitable level? That's number one. 


And number two, Steve; can you characterize the differences between the SEZ cleaning products and the internally 
developed Lam cleaning products? Is one biased more towards transistor level one versus interconnect? And can those 
kind of synergize over time? And then lastly, you reiterated in your press release your concept of 4 billion for Lam in 
2010. Can you give us a little more detail as to what has to happen to get there? Thank you. 

<A - Martin Anstice>: I will take the first part of that which deals with the expectations and the outlook for 
profitability for the SEZ business. I think the essence of answering that it's still to say neutral to marginally accretive is 
an expectation when you kind of back out the effect of the acceptance, the acceptance model decision that we made. 

The one exception to that is obviously the size of the business. And if you kind of, if you back up some time here and 
think about SEZ as a standalone company, it was let's say $275 million revenue company in 2007 at today's rates. It 
made a small amount of money. At that time, our expectations for wafer fab were $30 million or so. Our expectations 
for wafer fab today are let's say 26 – 25 something like that, so, sorry 25, 24. And so, with that change impacting their 
business, we transition from making the significant operating income levels that we've been reporting to some less. 
They transition from making a small amount of money to break even or slightly losing money. 

So I think at today's expectation for wafer fab, we'd expect slightly negative to our earnings, but not as much in the 
second half of the year compared to the level that I spoke about in the June quarter because of the revenue acceptance 
decision. 

<Q - Jay Deahna>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: To try and amplify on that is that clearly, for the industry as a whole, the shipments have 
come down. They don't have the same ability that Lam does to mitigate that with deferred revenues that were a function 
of what we came into the year with. They don't have necessarily the new markets and the new products that we have. 
And they don't have a customer service business that has any similar degree of size, scale and scope all of which we use 
to mute the effects of having a revenue that is going to be probably 10 plus points less production than the market as a 
whole. 

The other thing is we have an outsourced model in our factory that even though our shipment output from peak to 
trough is in the 30% down arena that the total amount of impact to margin from what goes on with factory absorption is 
only 2 margin points. And clearly, when their revenues drop or their shipments drop to that level, they don't have the 
same variable ability to deal with factory costs as we do. 

So one of the things that we are going to work on obviously is, as we go forward is, how do we implement some of the 
operating efficiencies and processes that we run Lam with, and how do we get those implemented as appropriate with 
SEZ. 

Relative to synergies, kind of the simple answer if I could is that SEZ has historically been a company where it had a 
market share leadership in the back end of the line cleans. And most of that volume as a function of the number of 
levels associated with logic, that's one of the reasons why the foundry and the logic segment is a bigger percentage of 
their business, because of the number of levels requiring back end of the line clean in logic. 

The opportunity in front end of the line is both in logic and in memory. And while in some respect, there are less layers, 
there are still many process steps at the transition level or transistor level that require critical clean applications. And so 
relative to the harmony of the product, Lam's C3 linear cleaner was targeted at those applications where short contact 
time cleaning with robust chemicals would enable the ability to get a unique result in terms of profile control, line 
width control and very strong uniformity across the wafer. 

SEZ with their front end of the line products, both the Da Vinci Prime and the Esanti, they addressed different parts of 
the high volume front end of the line cleaning applications, and they do it with very high throughputs, very high levels 
of productivity. And one of the things that SEZ has been doing for the last year to a year and a half is developing the 
Da Vinci Prime, developing new Esanti and one of the things that we've been very pleased with is as we increased our 
discovery and we are able to engage in comprehensive discussions with the customer that when we looked at the 
competitive capability that's out there, these two product lines from SEZ really look to be very well positioned to 


compete very effectively in some of the volume applications and our C3 linear product continues to while it addresses a 
smaller segment of the market continues to gain acceptance at the customer interface. 

In kind of in closing then, there's one other additional element is that we have technology that we have developed in the 
C3 group that we believe is very transferable and beneficial to enhance the competitiveness of the SEZ product line and 
we will expect to do some of that technology transferring here over the next few quarters and end up with a very 
technically broad and comprehensive set of solutions for the customers. 

<A - Martin Anstice>: And I just want to use your question Jay if I may to just give a little bit more specificity. I said 
a few moments ago that the impact of SEZ performance on the EPS outlook for the June quarter was in the – was up to 
the $0.15 number I gave. Based on the current outlook for the year which has a lot of moving parts not least the 
industry but also all of the assumptions that are still preliminary relative to the purchase accounting, my expectation is 
that there is up to about $0.40 impact negatively on the company for the full calendar year. That's a $0.40 EPS impact 
negative, SEZ. 

My best estimate is that somewhere in the range of two-thirds of that simply relates to the revenue decision that we 
made. And so when you kind of back out the revenue decision, kind of normalize it, your – a third of $0.40 dilutive 
which when you take into the context the change in the industry and the reduction in wafer fab kind of plays out and 
makes sense. We have got a lot to learn, a lot to learn in the next kind of number of weeks and months relative to the 
synergy and cost reduction opportunities. And we're certainly aggressively pursuing that but that's the best I can 
articulate at this point. And we've been deliberate about the guidance range you'll notice a little bit of a wider range on 
guidance for that very reason. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of C.J. Muse with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - C.J. Muse>: Yeah, good afternoon, thank you for taking my question. I was hoping to ask you I guess a couple 
quick questions here. First off Martin to get to that only slightly dilutive SEZ in September is that pre-supposed 
revenue run rate of getting paid north of 55 million? 

<A - Martin Anstice>: I didn't – did you, I am not sure if you listened C.J., just to push back here to the commentary I 
just gave. I just gave some specifics relative to the full calendar year. What I tried to convey in my general response to 
Jay's question was that I didn't see the September and December quarters being as bad as the 15 or so that we 
articulated for the impact on the June quarter. So my neutral to slightly dilutive comment was really kind of more of a 
general kind of philosophical position that was our kind of plan coming in. 

We haven't made too many decisions that are fundamentally different from those decisions at the outset, but the $0.40 
number is my best estimate for impact on the company's performance in calendar '08. That's a $0.40 dilutive impact 
and about two thirds of that is revenue and of course some elements of revenue expansion is a component of that. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Edwin Mok with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Edwin Mok>: Hi, just following SEZ, is it fair to say that based on the accounting change that you are only going 
to recognize very little revenue in the June quarter, maybe like 20 


<A - Martin Anstice>: Well, yeah, that's a fair assumption. You should expect as a by-product of getting profit taxes 
in the June quarter that we turn many of the shipments that are currently deferred. And I mention the deferred revenue 
level for the SEZ within the 29 million range. So turning that would get us to 29, turning in the other shipments that 
happened in the June quarter would take it above that. Not turning would be less, but that's the plan. 


<A - Stephen Newberry>: And one other thing that I think that we're certainly operating with, and it's certainly a 
challenge for the people at SEZ is when you are a revenue on shipment company, the focus around processes and 
procedures and activity in the installation arena tend to be different. And so we and they do not know really what's the 
speed at which the cycle time from shipment to acceptance can be accomplished because they've never had to deal with 
it. And while we're very good at that, we've got many years of learning behind us, and while we expect that we are 
going to be able to bring a beneficial perspective to bear, ultimately some of the elements of conservatism that exist in 
trying to forecast what's going to happen are a function of – we're changing a fair amount of what they're going have to 
do operationally, and we don't really yet know exactly how that's going to play out. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Harlan Sur with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Thank you. Steve, as it relates to your view on memory supply-demand fundamentals, I think you 
mentioned in the last call that DRAM, that the industry exited '07 was about 50 to 70K wafer starts per month of excess 
supply. Where are we now on that? And then just a quick question for Martin on the June quarter guidance. Martin, if 
you back out the impact from SEZ, what are Lam core gross margins in June? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: I'll work on the excess supply, and you're right. I mean we've looked at it, and we felt like it 
was 60, 70 maybe even 80,000 wafer starts per month excess. And we just kind of, we looked at that analysis again and 
updated it, and I think and I was a little bit surprised that it's really still sitting at about 70,000. And that's the delta 
between what we think is the real demand, which is less than the actual selling that's going on, because the discounted 
price per bit is creating an additional elasticity of demand. 

And so part of getting this supply and demand back in sync is to get some of that extra demand out of the system, 
which will occur as pricing rises. And I think that when we look at the forecast that we're still going to be in about a 
70,000 wafer starts per month excess demand through Q2, and then we see a move where that starts to narrow pretty 
aggressively as the capacity additions really slow down, and one of the things that exists between DRAM and NAND is 
what you might call the flex supply where there's some lines out there that can go either way. We believe that the 
NAND seasonality effect is going to result in some DRAM demand or some DRAM supply coming out of DRAM and 
going into NAND, and that will contribute to getting DRAM moving more aggressively in the right direction in the 
next four to five months as this thing plays out. 

So flex demand or the flex supply aspect of this thing is one of the tricky parts of really trying to understand what's 
happening to output. But I think that with the way shipments are dropping that we're going to see some real positive 
movements that we're going to be able to see the pricing environment reflect. And I think we should expect that that'll 
be the case provided that the consumer demand plays out as forecasted, and we all know how risky that is. 

<A - Martin Anstice>: So, Harlan, for the second part of your question, you get a onetime deal answer here because 
normally I wouldn't kind of break this out. But I would expect the core Lam business to be a couple of margin points 
lower than what we recorded for the March quarter in June. And that couple of percentage points lower at the gross 
margin level reflects the fact that in essence we come off a 614 million revenue to something, let's say if the mid-point's 
at 550, if you just assume that the revenue of the SEZ business is plus or minus a bit from what was deferred, that 
which means you would be assuming a three month turn, then the Lam revenue stream is in the kind of 515 range 
consistent with that 550. 

So you've kind of come down $100 million on an apples-to-apples basis in revenues and a couple of percentage points 
of gross margin reduction with the mix that we anticipate as well as the relative adjustment of efficiency in the factory 
is kind of the expectation that's embedded in our guidance. 

<A - Carol Raeburn>: Operator, we have time to take two more questions. 


Operator 

Okay. Our next question will then come from the line of Brett Hodess with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Brett Hodess>: Steve, just to be clear on your comments on SEZ earlier. So SEZ would expect to be down more 
than Lam this year because of the reasons you said about service and product, et cetera, on revenues? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: Yeah, I mean I think that that's likely to be the case. Having said that though, there is a wild 
card in the equation, is that single wafer is going to grow in 2008 to some degree and the reason for that is that the wet 
bench supply that's dominated the front end of the line is beginning to start a conversion process. I think that my best 
guess is that that's not going to really manifest itself in a lot of shipments but it will be a number of shipments and that 
provides the opportunity that depending upon how the customers play that out is that could offset favorably for the SEZ 
Group the amount of shipment and revenue decline for the year. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Stephen Chin with UBS. Please go ahead sir. 

<Q - Stephen Chin>: Okay, thank you. Martin or Steve, would you be able to give us an idea if the quarterly break in 
revenue level that you're preparing the company for in case the CapEx trends worse, and then a related question to that, 
I think in the past Lam had said that even if standalone revenues had dropped to 5 to $10 million a quarter Lam could 
still hit a normalized operating margin of I think that 20 or 22%. Should we think of that as still being the target when 
SEZ is fully financially integrated later this year? 

<A - Stephen Newberry>: One of the things that we said was that if the industry was going to be down 10 to 15 then 
we would expect that we could be flat because we could offset that with deferred revenue. We could offset it with 
growth in the service business, new products, and etcetera. And so now that things are dropping 20 or 25 then I would 
expect that on a Lam normalized basis that we would be down maybe 10 points less than that and part of that's 
impacted by the fact that if the shipments come back late in the year, how quickly can you actually turn those to 
revenues. So we're still on track with that. 

Now one of the things that I have talked about in public forums is that if we ended up in a situation where revenues 
decline 10 to 15%, I felt that the Lam normalized performance could remain above 20%. I said that if it goes greater 
than 20 which is kind of the vicinity that we are now that we would look to keep our profitability above 15% operating 
income and without breaking out all the specifics I can tell you that the Lam performance with the revenues declining 
the way they are is north of that 15. It's somewhere between 15 and 20% exactly as we said. 

Now as we continue to incorporate SEZ there is no question that taking a company that has operated to revenue on 
shipment and converting to revenue on acceptance, you create a hole in that three-month period and then in the next 
quarters you still have to catch back up. So, the reality is that if the shipments drop which they have and you have this 
acceptance hole it actually takes you two quarters to kind of work through that. And then once the shipments go up you 
won't really see that for a quarter later. 

So that will result in and that's kind of what you see going on where the combined impacts of that were an operating 
income guidance of 12.5% and I think that my expectation is that we can continue to operate north of 10% even in 
some of the difficult environments that are being played out. Because my expectation is that while we could certainly 
see the demand for equipment kind of bump along at the levels that things are coming down to for June, I think that the 
way you get to down 25 to down 30 is not that it drops significantly lower. It's that it just extends another quarter or so 
and that's what ultimately drives the total amount of spending down. So, I think that we're reasonably close to the 
bottom levels of shipments and therefore revenues, so kind of what you see is the arena of profitability that I think we 
can operate to with those shipment and revenue levels. 


Martin Anstice, Chief Financial Officer 

So, I think that's the last question I want to thank everybody for joining the call and we'll certainly look forward to 
talking with you all and all the investors on how we intend to go forward and just one final reiteration would be you 
know the near term is tough. There is no question about it. But we are very excited about the opportunities for growth 
in the company and we are very excited about the SEZ acquisition and we look forward to talking to you more about 
that in the coming months. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank your for your participation and you may 
now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


