Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Valerie Finberg, Vice President – Investor Relations 
• James Q. Crowe, Chief Executive Officer 
• Sunit Patel, Group Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Kevin J. O'Hara, President and Chief Operating Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Level 3 Communications' Third Quarter Earnings 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer 
session with instructions given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I 
would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Valerie Finberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please 
go ahead. 

Valerie Finberg, Vice President – Investor Relations 

Thank you operator. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our third quarter earnings call today. With us on 
the call is Jim Crowe, Chief Executive Officer; Kevin O'Hara, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Sunit Patel, 
our Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that some of the statements we will be making today are 
forward-looking in nature and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary significantly from those 
statements. 

Please note, on today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial metrics which are reconciled to the 
most comparable GAAP metrics in our press release, as well as on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to 
Jim. 

James Q. Crowe, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Valerie. Our prepared remarks today will include a financial analysis of the quarter by Sunit Patel, a discussion 
of the progress of integration of the acquisitions we have made, discussion of sales and pricing trends and other 
operational highlights by Kevin O'Hara. Then, I will have a few summary comments and we will open it up to 
questions and answers. Sunit? 

Sunit Patel, Group Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. Today, I will cover our third quarter performance and our updated 
business outlook. Our results metrics exceeded our projections for the quarter. This was primarily as a result of 
accelerating organic revenue growth and the benefit of acquisition revenue, as well as lower network expenses for the 
quarter. Growth in Core Communications Services revenue offset declines both in SBC revenue and Other 
Communications revenue. 


Third quarter communications revenue was 858 million. Core Communications Services revenue grew approximately 
29% over the second quarter to 544 million versus our projection of 525 to $535 million. This increase was due to 
growth across all the core services particularly in voice services and transport and infrastructure. In addition to organic 
growth, we recognized a full quarter of revenue from Progress and ICG Communications of approximately $37 million 
during the third quarter compared to 21 million of revenue in the second quarter. 

With the close of the TelCove and Looking Glass acquisitions during the quarter, Core Communications Services' 
revenue also benefited from the partial quarter contribution of $83 million from TelCove and Looking Glass. Excluding 
the impact of all these acquisitions in both periods, our overall organic growth was approximately 6%. 

Within our Core Communications Services business, transport and infrastructure grew 31% primarily due to acquisition 
revenue and organic growth in wavelengths, private line, and metro transport. Voice revenue grew approximately 43% 
quarter-over-quarter from growth in our voice termination business from large customers such as cable companies and 
wireless carriers; acquisition revenue and continuing voice-over-IP related surprise subscriber growth. Wholesale IP 
and data grew approximately 16% sequentially during the quarter due to acquisition revenue and organic growth. 

Other Communications Services revenue was 107 million this quarter, exceeding our projected range of 100 to $105 
million, primarily resulting from higher reciprocal compensation. Revenue from the SBC Contract Services was 207 
million in the second quarter at the lower end of our projected range of 205 to $245 million. As stated in our second 
quarter call, we expect SBC to migrate traffic off the Level 3 network and the rate of decline may vary from quarter to 
quarter. 

Communications cost of revenue decreased by $17 million in the quarter primarily as lower expenses required to 
support the SBC Contract and network expense synergies from the WilTel integration more than offset the increase 
from network expenses from the acquisitions. Communications' gross margin was 57% for the third quarter versus 53% 
in the second quarter. As SBC traffic continues to migrate and as we continue to gain the benefit from higher margin 
revenue contributions from the metro acquisitions, we expect to see continued improvement in the gross margin 
percentage in the fourth quarter. 

Our Communications' SG&A expense was $315 million excluding non-cash compensation expense in the third quarter 
compared to 261 million in the second quarter. The increase in SG&A was primarily due to the acceleration of certain 
integration related expenses as Kevin will discuss, as well as increased costs attributable to the acquired companies. 

In the fourth quarter, we will continue to see integration related expenses as we accelerate some of our metro 
integration efforts, previously planned for 2007. Communications' adjusted OIBDA was 174 million in the third quarter 
compared to 170 million in the second quarter. Communications' adjusted OIBDA margin was 20% in the third quarter 
versus 21% in the second quarter. 

As expected, capital expenditures increased in the third quarter by $47 million to 120 million. This increase was due to 
the acquisitions of TelCove and Looking Glass, overall integration efforts, and to support implementation of previous 
customer wins. We expect this trend to continue in the fourth quarter as we progress on the integration of the metro 
acquisitions. 

Consolidated free cash flow was negative 64 million during the quarter versus negative 13 million in the second quarter 
of 2006. The decrease in free cash flow is primarily due to higher capital expenditures and higher net cash interest 
expense during the quarter, partially offset by lower working capital needs. Net cash interest expense was 185 million 
in the third quarter compared to 106 million in the second quarter. 

Communications' deferred revenue balance was 896 million at the end of the third quarter of 2006 compared to 912 
million at the end of the second quarter. The decline in Communications' deferred revenue quarter over quarter is a 
result of the amortization of previously recognized deferred revenue balances and a $20 million decrease associated 
with an integration related change in the billing cycle for certain legacy WilTel customers, partially offset by cash 
receipts associated with wavelength and dark fiber sales. Excluding the $20 million billing change, deferred revenue 
would have increased quarter over quarter. 


Our fourth quarter projections reflect ongoing organic growth in our Core Communications Services, as well as a full 
quarter's benefit of TelCove and Looking Glass. Organic growth for the legacy and WilTel core services is expected to 
be well in excess of 20% on an annualized basis as measured from the first quarter of 2006 to the fourth quarter of 
2006. 

For the fourth quarter, we expect Communications revenue of approximately 785 to $830 million. We expect the 
organic growth rate in our Core Communications Services, that is, Level 3 and WilTel to be at or better than the third 
quarter performance. In addition, we will see the full quarter's contribution of TelCove and Looking Glass, offset by 
declines in Other Communications Services and SBC Contract Services. 

Consolidated adjusted OIBDA is expected to be in the 180 to $200 million range for the fourth quarter. We also expect 
Communications' gross margin to continue to improve and our adjusted OIBDA margin to be approximately 23% for 
the fourth quarter. 

Revenue from SBC Contract Services is expected to range between 875 million and 905 million for 2006. As of 
September 30th, 2006, our remaining gross margin commitment on this contract is about 104 million. 

We continue to expect the overall Communications' gross margin percentage to be in the mid 50% range for 2006. 
Consolidated adjusted OIBDA margin is still expected to be approximately 21% for the full year. For 2007, we are 
reiterating our expectation of consolidated adjusted OBIDA in the 830 million to $890 million range and obviously that 
does not include the impact of Broadwing, which we will discuss more in the first quarter of 2007. As of September 
30th, 2006, we have approximately $6.6 billion in debt, our liquidity position continues to be strong at about $1.2 
billion. 

In summary, we had a good quarter, our financial flexibility has improved significantly over the course of the year, and 
we hope to continue to improve our financial leverage over time. With that, I will turn the call over to Kevin. 

Kevin J. O'Hara, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks Sunit. The third quarter was a strong quarter for Level 3 on many fronts. Integrations continued to proceed 
well, organic growth from Core Communications revenue accelerated to 6% quarter over quarter, gross margin 
improved to 57%, and the overall pricing environment remained fairly stable. 

Looking at revenue, several factors contributed to the company's strong performance in Core Communications revenue 
growth. 

First, contracts signed in earlier periods were converted to revenues during the quarter. We enjoyed the acceleration of 
revenue from enhanced service providers as more of their customers adopt VoIP. We saw continued growth in IP 
demand, we continued to see strong growth in our wholesale voice revenue and we've recorded the contribution of a 
full quarter of revenue from Progress and ICG plus a partial quarter from TelCove and Looking Glass. The 
combination of the above resulted in a 6% quarter-over-quarter organic growth rate in Core Communications Services 
and an overall growth rate of 29% when acquisitions are included. 

In the IP and Data business, demand continues to grow from non-traditional media, social networking sites and other 
Internet applications. IP traffic grew 4% quarter-over-quarter from 5.1 petabytes per day in the second quarter to 5.3 
petabytes per day in the third quarter. 

Historically, we've provided the number of petabytes per day as a broad indicator of the overall size of the Level 3 
Internet backbone. This metric along with third-party market research consistently ranks Level 3 as one of the largest 
Internet carriers in the world. However, this statistic does not include the growth in other services that are also 
supporting the increasing demand for IP services. For instance, during the third quarter, we announced a deal with 
YouTube to provide high-speed IP services and an Ethernet-based network across the nation connecting YouTube's 
data centers. Under the traffic statistic cited above, the traffic transiting the national Ethernet services would not count 
towards IP traffic growth. 


Much of the growth that we have seen in our transport and infrastructure business has been attributable to services that 
we have targeted and sold to Internet-based companies or in support of Internet applications to allow them to more cost 
effectively manage the growth of their traffic. While we are very positive on our IP business, we feel we have a very 
strong and growing position in the Internet backbone business. The petabyte traffic statistic does not fully capture that 
growth or our position. As a result, we don't plan to continue to provide the daily petabyte metric in the future. As we 
look to provide transparency into our business in the future, we will attempt to define a metric alongside revenue 
reporting that more fully captures the drivers in this area of our business. 

From a sales standpoint, we continue to experience strong wavelength and private line sales driven by carrier, cable 
companies, and government segments. Metro transport sales were also strong in the quarter. Demand for wholesale 
voice services from existing customers remain robust; similarly, existing VoIP customers continue to ramp subscribers 
for local voice services. We are also seeing demand for our local voice services in support of emerging applications, 
such as social networking and call center applications. These trends contributed to an increase in VoIP related revenue 
to an annualized run rate of $200 million at the end of the quarter compared to a run rate of $175 million at the end of 
the second quarter. 

Our top 10 customers for the quarter in alphabetical order were Alltel, AT&T, BellSouth, Cingular, Comcast, 
EarthLink, Qwest, Time Warner, Verizon, and Vonage. The top 10 customers represent 50% of total Communications' 
revenue. Without the SBC, WilTel contract revenue, the top 10 customers represent 34% of Communications' revenue. 

The SBC revenues declined as expected in the third quarter to $207 million. As we have previously discussed, SBC has 
announced its intention to migrate the services provided under the legacy WilTel agreement to its own network 
facilities. As part of this agreement, SBC will pay $675 million of gross margin regardless of the actual revenue 
generated under the contract. While we expect SBC Contract revenue to decline and to continue to decline, and that 
rate of decline may vary from quarter-to-quarter, we remain very confident that SBC will meet its gross margin 
commitment under the contract. 

Pricing trends for our services continued to be stable during the quarter. Transport services showed continued 
improvement in nation-wide solutions pricing. We also saw some pricing pressure in select transactional markets. 
While we do participate in the transactional markets in a more limited way, our primary focus remains on a more 
complex solution-based selling and customers. 

We continue to run ahead of plan on the WilTel integration from both a timing and budget perspective. The majority of 
the physical network interconnections are completed, data centers have been consolidated, network expenses have been 
reduced, and most of the operating expense run rate savings have been realized. This work has been completed ahead 
of schedule and under-budget. 

As SBC traffic continues to decline, further consolidation of network facilities will occur. Also, collapsing all 
back-office systems onto a single set of desired end-state systems will take some time. Level 3 was committed to 
investing in much of this process and system work independent of any acquisition; all completed acquisitions are 
expected to migrate onto these same back-office systems over time. However, it's increasingly difficult to allocate this 
process and systems work between integration activities and business as usual. 

With the closing of TelCove and Looking Glass in the third quarter, we are now well underway with the metro 
acquisition integrations. Product offerings are now in place to support the Business Markets Group and the processes to 
support customers across all divisions have been implemented. While we are pleased with the progress to-date, much of 
the heavy lifting for the metro integrations was originally anticipated to occur in 2007. That was when we anticipated 
consolidating the network facilities, collapsing the back office systems previously used by all four of the companies 
onto the desired Level 3 systems and migrating much of the off-net traffic from all of the various companies onto the 
acquired metro networks, 2007 will still be a busy year for the integration of these companies, where we have 
accelerated certain integration activities into the first – excuse me- into the fourth quarter of this year in order to 
accelerate the synergy benefits expected in late 2007 and 2008. 


This quarter, Level 3 announced the formation of four customer facing groups to further drive growth across the 
organization, focus resources on Level 3's entry into the enterprise market and provide the agility required to meet 
customer needs across all our customer segments. These groups will have dedicated sales, product management, 
marketing, customer facing operations, and the necessary support resources required to execute and grow revenues and 
profitability in these key segments. The four units are the Wholesale Markets Group, Content Markets Group, Business 
Markets Group, and European Markets Group. 

The Wholesale Markets Group serves the largest global service providers much like the traditional Level 3 business. 
Customer segments in this group include cable companies, wireless carriers, local and long distance carriers, voice 
service providers, and other more traditional wholesale segments. These customers tend to integrate Level 3 services 
into their own products and services that they then offer to their end user customers. 

The Content Markets Group focuses on both traditional and emerging media companies with large and growing 
bandwidth needs, including video distribution, gaming, mega-portal, software service providers, social networks, sports 
leagues, television networks and broadcasters. This group incorporates our VivX business and will integrate more 
traditional content with Internet related services across multiple platforms. 

The European Markets Group targets the largest European consumers of bandwidth, including European and other 
international carriers, large systems integrators, voice service providers, cable operators, ISPs, government and 
education. 

The Business Markets Group focuses on enterprise customers and regional carriers who purchase their communication 
services locally, including enterprises, state and local government entities, and higher educational institutions. As a 
result of the recent acquisitions, we now have the sales force, product sets, marketing and operational capability to 
compete successfully and profitably in targeted areas of this market. 

In summary, we are pleased with our results. The third quarter was a very strong quarter in each of the critical areas of 
our business. Organic growth in Core Communications' revenue accelerated to 6% quarter-over-quarter. Gross margins 
improved nicely, the integrations continue to go well, our entry into business markets creates new opportunities for us 
and the customer reception for our strategy and execution has been positive as evidenced by the revenue growth and 
continued strength in our sales funnel. 

With that, I will turn the call back over to Jim. 

James Q. Crowe, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Kevin. I think both Kevin and Sunit have done a good job of summarizing our current situation and future 
prospects. I would add that we have all been saying for sometime that if our business were to continue as is, we would 
be pleased. And on top of that there are indications that things may further improve. This quarter is certainly 
illustrative. Core revenues which are approaching two-thirds of total revenues, and in absolute terms are around 2.2 
billion a year, are growing at an annualized rate of 26%. Our operating margins, which lead the industry, are improving 
and we believe will continue to improve. Our financial strength and credit quality, a real focus of ours, continues to 
rapidly improve. Put all those factors together, rapid revenue growth, improving margins, and improving financial 
strength, it explains why we say we are pleased with current conditions. 

Looking forward, continued revenue and margin improvements resulting from our integration of WilTel, TelCove, 
Progress, ICG, Looking Glass and assuming a successful close of Broadwing give us every belief that both revenue and 
margins will continue to accelerate. 

More strategically, a rapid move to Internet transport of rich media, entertainment, video-based advertising, huge file 
transfers, and two areas that we believe we are particularly strong in, social networking and more and more mobile 
devices which offer more and more rich media also give us reason for positive views. 


Providers of these service need access to high-capacity, reliable, nationwide backbone networks seamlessly connected 
to local networks offering connectivity, not just in the central business districts, but out further in suburbs where 
wireless cable and DSL aggregation points are located where customers work and live. Put these factors together and it 
explains why we believe today's good market conditions can get even better for Level 3. 

We believe we are uniquely positioned to meet the needs of these rapidly emerging new markets. We have the right 
network end-to-end, including substantial and increasing metro network connectivity, we have the right services, we 
certainly have the right customer relationships. 

With that operator, could you please explain the Q&A procedures? Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And, our first question will come from Jonathan Chaplin with JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Two quick questions if I may? Firstly, it 
looks like core communications' revenues came in a little bit stronger than expected. And I am wondering if you can 
give us some underlying detail on the volume/pricing dynamic where, which one of the two did better than expected or 
was it both. I guess you had given some indication that in aggregate across all of your businesses, volume grows 
roughly – is growing roughly 40% and pricing is declining roughly 15%. Would you give us an update on that? 

And, then, secondly, on SG&A, if you could give us an idea of what integration expense – what the integration expense 
was in SG&A this quarter, how much higher that was than you expected and what that number is going to be in the 
fourth quarter? That would be great. Thanks. 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Yeah, Jonathan. This is Kevin. In terms of – I will give you a broad answer to the first question 
about volume, pricing. I would say that pricing – the pricing environment and the relative rate of pricing has been 
consistent with the last few quarters. And, what we saw in the third quarter was a result of more volume growth, if you 
will, than it was further improvement in the pricing environment. The pricing environment didn't deteriorate, we are 
comfortable with the pricing environment, but we saw good strength in transport, infrastructure, voice and IP from a 
demand standpoint. So, good growth in traffic. 

In terms of the SG&A, without getting very specific because we haven't talked about, the break-outs of those. We made 
a decision to start to accelerate some of the IT-related work that was the single biggest driver related to the acquisitions 
and integrations. We saw a – from where we had originally budgeted to be, we saw an acceleration of that in the third 
quarter. We would also expect again a big chunk of that in the fourth quarter as well as an acceleration of just some of 
the physical network interconnection work associated with the metro company. So, broadly, it was the acceleration of 
IT-related work across the board with the, all of the acquisitions, as well as an acceleration expected in the fourth 
quarter for some of the physical interconnection work for the metro companies. 

<A - James Crowe>: I don't know if this is helpful, but I did do a, or asked the relevant folks to give me a quick 
assessment of the estimated number of full-time equivalent employees we have working on integration tasks, and it's 
well over 200 people. So, it's a big effort for us and it is one we take seriously and one we think we are developing 
some pretty good skills in. Next question? 

Operator 

The next question will come from the line of Ana Goshko with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Ana Goshko>: Hi. Thanks. Two things. First, back a few months ago, I think when you acquired TelCove you 
put out a press release about the accretion of the metro services' units. And, with kind of the creation now of the 
wholesale versus business groups, it seems to me like you are evolving away from that I guess orientation to managing 
your business. Just wanted some insights on how you are thinking about the metro services focus. 

And then, on that point, you had some pretty specific CAGR for the metro services unit. It was 10 to 12% and a 45% 
EBITDA expectation for that unit. Wondering how you would think about those revenue growth, top line and the 
EBITDA margins on a relative basis for now your wholesale versus your business segments? 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah. I would say the move from a metro services unit to a Business Markets Group is simply a 
natural evolution. At the time, I think we said we were focusing on those who made their buy decisions locally, and 
increasingly we are moving beyond that simple definition obviously if we are successful in closing Broadwing. And, 
one of the stated purposes of acquiring Broadwing is to offer a more complete set of business services, including local, 
regional and national offerings. So, I think Kevin's announcement is simply consistent with that. 

With respect to your question about revenue and margins in the, what we will call the Business Markets Group now, 
what we said at the time is that the acquired companies had a range of top line growth rates. Obviously, TelCove, by far 
the largest company in terms of revenue, dominated in terms of averaging their growth rates and TelCove was in the 10 
to 15% range. That didn't say – that was simply a statement of the current conditions, and it did not say that's what our 
goals are. I think Kevin, Sunit and I have been very public in saying we would be disappointed if we couldn't improve 
the growth rates in our Business Markets Groups to those that are comparable to the balance of our business. All three 
of us have been in the enterprise business, in the metro businesses for good parts of our careers, and we believe pretty 
strongly that the keys there are more services, more salesmen and more network, and those are the areas we are 
focusing on. 

We expect to offer more and more Level 3, particularly IP-based services through the Business Market Group. We 
expect to increase the number of feet on the ground and the marketing resources. That's already taking place. 
Obviously, that's a benefit of integration where we can share marketing and product development resources. 

And, then, finally, we have said several times that the focus of future capital expenditures will certainly include a major 
focus on metro network expansion. So, yeah, that's the – your numbers are correct in terms of a snapshot of today, they 
are certainly not the goals we would set ourselves. 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Okay, Jim. And, if I can just sneak my second question in. Just on the SBC contract, one of the 
things I noted is there is kind of a good performance payment that you would get – it 's 50 million total and it's 25 in '06 
and '07 and I know that 5 million of the '06 payment was recognized in the first half. So, of the 20 million potential 
remaining in the second half of this year, wondering if you got any of that in the third quarter if you are assuming that 
you are going to get the whole 20 million? And, then just wondering is that sort of a 100% margin payment. So, if you 
get that whole kind of good performance payment, is it $20 million that falls kind of straight to the bottom line? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah. I think Ana – this is Sunit. It's 50 million, but it's distributed in '06 and '07 and it's paid, the 
first half of the year, second half of the year, we feel we've earned it, we certainly expect it. It is 100% gross margin 
and it's on top of the gross margin commitment, so yeah I mean we do expect that. 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: How much of it was in the third quarter? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: We don't talk about that in detail but generally it's recognized in the first half and second half of 
each year. 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Okay. So, it's about 20 million, 100% margin of SBC payment in the second half. Okay, great. 
Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Mike... 


<A - Sunit Patel>: It's not 20 as I said it's recognized – it's 50 all together so it's 25 each year in '06 and '07 recognized 
in the first half and the second half of the year. 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Right. And then in the first half... 

<A - Sunit Patel>: It's 12, it's half of that, it's 12 million. 

<A - James Crowe>: Two payments of roughly 12 million a piece are distributed over the first and second half of the 
year. Right? 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Well, you know what, I'm looking at your 10-Q and in your 10-Q it said you had 5 million in the 
first half of the year, so it would mean that you would have 20 in the second half? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Well, why don't we follow up with you? 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Okay. That'd be great, thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael McCormack>: Thanks. Hey guys, just a couple of questions, first on transport revenue, it looks like if 
you strip out some of the acquisitions on an organic basis which might have been a little bit weaker, maybe some 
comments on trends there. I know AT&T was making comments yesterday about some weakness on the wholesale 
side, just seeing if maybe that's carrying through to you guys as well and what you are seeing there? 

And secondly, on the acquired property so far, I know it's fairly early but your thoughts on capital requirements for 
those acquisitions whether it's tracking towards your expectations? Thanks. 

<A - James Crowe>: Let me handle the acquisition capital expenditures. The simple answer to your question is, yes, 
we are going to meet or exceed our expectations on CapEx. We get tremendous benefits – it's one of the major areas of 
benefits as we integrate onto single network, particularly on the backbone side. 

With respect to metro, the story is different, metro networks as opposed to a business unit. There we buy network and 
expect to expand network and see the benefit in network expense and other margin improvements. But for backbone 
acquisitions, Genuity, WilTel for instance that we've made, tremendous CapEx savings as we move to a single network 
and we to-date see no reason to think we wouldn't exceed our expectations. Kevin? 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Yeah. On the transport, we don't break transport specifically; I would talk about T&I. And our 
organic growth quarter-to-quarter in that was 5%. So, it was 5%, it accelerated from first to second, second to third. So, 
the organic growth in that segment of the business is very strong, we are very pleased with our transport performance 
absent the benefit of acquisitions. 

<A - James Crowe>: That's transport and infrastructure for those who may not be familiar. And, I would add a 
comment that will build on something Kevin said in his remarks. We've been saying for some time, I think we were 
very early advocators of different interfaces than those that are standard across the industry. For instance, we've said 
quite a number of times we think Ethernet and Ethernet routing are a key service and technology for the future. We 
were early and have said often that we think photonic integrated circuitry, which underlie our 10-gig network, 10-gig 
wave network, 10-gig optical network is a significant breakthrough in technology. Put the two together and it says that 
companies that have not kept up with the kind of interfaces that many of the customers who are seeing exploding 
demand, social networking sites, video distribution, non-traditional media. You have not kept up with those kinds of 
advances in interface technology and services, I can understand why you might have some difficulty, but if you are in 
the marketplace offering 10-gig waves, managed Ethernet services, Ethernet port-based services, I think the future is 
very bright and we see no reason to think that we wouldn't see an acceleration of demand in transport infrastructure. 


<Q - Michael McCormack>: All right. But if you are just – if you are looking at your carrier customers that you've 
listed as your top 10, which represent 34% of com revenue ex-SBC, you know, those are the carriers I think that AT&T 
is really talking about having pressure on wholesale and I am not sure, you know, what services they're talking about. 
But... 

<A - James Crowe>: I mean you have to talk to AT&T about that one but... 

<Q - Michael McCormack>: Right. 

<A - James Crowe>: But, you know, in our list of course are cable companies, wireless companies, internet service 
providers, portals, mega portals. And the growth rates and the growth that's pushing the numbers that we are talking 
about, we've said, come from cable, mega portals and more non-traditional media companies, that's where our growth is 
coming from. 

<Q - Michael McCormack>: So, that's obviously been more than offsetting some potential pressures with the carriers 
though? 

<A - James Crowe>: Well, I don't. 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: I wouldn't characterize it – for what we are selling and who we are selling it to, I wouldn't 
characterize it as seeing that increasing pressure. So, again there may be a mismatch in terms of what AT&T is selling 
or how they are selling it, but for the services that we talk about to the customers that we've targeted, we are pretty 
comfortable with both the pricing environment and we are very comfortable with the demand environment. 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah, I don't want to go too far in speculating about AT&T's specific issues obviously they are 
the ones to talk to about that, but we see at the 10-gig wave level substantial demand, we don't – wireless carriers for 
instance, Cingular, Verizon, T, Sprint, their demands are growing rapidly Cable companies demands are growing 
rapidly. The mega portals, the social networking sites et cetera all have – that's content more than wholesale, but in 
wholesale many of the companies we see need network and increasingly want nationwide networks with many 
locations with longer-term assurances that we can meet their needs and that's been a sweet spot for us. 

<Q - Michael McCormack>: Jim, if we circle back just one second on the CapEx question, you know, I think to the 
extent that you are growing out that metro business unit, success-based spending in theory or success in selling should 
in theory translate into increased capital needs. Do you have a sense for how much of that network is built so that you 
can just pile it onto existing network versus how much you'd actually have to build going forward on those acquired 
assets? 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah, there is a substantial opportunity with – what have we got now 29,000 miles of metro 
facility to in effect, do what you're talking about, add buildings or sell an existing buildings. I don't have a 
quantification of that, I'll sooner be working on that while talking. But, what I would say is in addition to so called 
on-net sales, which have success-based expenditures, we think there is an enormous opportunity to expand to more 
cable locations, more DSL aggregation locations and particularly exciting to support wireless carriers across the 
country. 

<Q - Michael McCormack>: All right. Some of your peers will talk about number of customer per building and being 
under-penetrated, do you have similar metrics like that or is that not something you have available? 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: It's not something that we talk about – this is Kevin. In aggregate, you know, we have about 
5,300 buildings on net today in about 110 markets. Sunit in the past has talked about an overall CapEx of 12 to 14% of 
annual revenue and that is a blended figure that reflects lower capital intensity for the backbone business, higher capital 
intensity for the metro business but also much higher margins in the metro business. And implied or implicit in that 12 
to 14% is a fair amount of building additions on an annual basis. For instance, last year TelCove prior to the acquisition 
added something in the neighborhood of 600 buildings, we would have expect that kind of growth rate for more to 
continue to occur and continue to be reflected in that 12 to 14% of CapEx per dollar of revenue. So, we think that there 
is opportunities to further leverage investments that have already been made and in the guidance range, as Sunit have 
talked about, there is a fair amount that implied building and network additions already included in that. 


<A - James Crowe>: And, I'd also add to that, speaking in terms of the percentage of existing spend in a particular 
building, I think sets the bar too low. Generally those that I've seen use traditional services, traditional voice services, 
traditional special access services, and simply do the math of in most cases where we are, how much the local TelCove 
has and how much the alternative has. We think there is a very large opportunity to participate in the shift as enterprises 
move from traditional circuit-based services and special access to integrated services over single access pipes. And we 
think that's the strength for Level 3, we think we know how to do that. It's one of those things that I was referring to 
earlier when I said, you want to up your growth rate in our business markets group, add new services and that's the kind 
of thing I am talking about. Additionally, it makes it a little harder to say what percentage of the market do you have or 
not have, since those kinds of things are typically not measured in the metrics at least that I am familiar with that you 
are referring to. 

<Q - Michael McCormack>: The issue becomes as you add additional customers in a building, that incremental 
margin per customer should increase, you know, fairly dramatically. I am assuming that's an opportunity there as well, 
but... 

<A - James Crowe>: It is indeed, but... 

<Q - Michael McCormack>: Thanks guys. I appreciate the time. 

<A - James Crowe>: You bet, next question? 

Operator 

Next question comes from David Sharrett with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Sharrett>: Good morning. Just following up on the integration spending, you talked about how you are 
moving spending into the fourth quarter from 2007. Just wondering in terms of reiterating your guidance for EBITDA 
for '07, if there is some amount of spending next year that's now not going to occur because it's going to occur this year, 
why wouldn't your EBITDA guidance be up a bit, just based on at least that amount unless there is something else 
moving around that you can talk to? And then, in terms of, just real quick on your cash position, I think you talked 
previously you had 1.4 billion in cash, pro forma as of June 30 and you burned 64 million this quarter, but you are at 

1.2 billion if there was again something else onetime in terms of cash use this quarter? Thanks 
<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah, I think in terms of integration spending being accelerated somewhat into the fourth quarter as 
far as how that pertains to 2007 and as has usually been the case, we'll report on that. When we report the fourth quarter 
and talk about 2007 in the first quarter of next year, we'll kind of come back to that. But at this point in time I think 
what we are saying is that the range for 2007 we continue to be comfortable with. In terms of the cash position, yeah, I 
think a little bit of rounding is what's happening, but 1.4 billion we did go through some cash, we had a lot of 
transactions below the line over the course of the quarter. So, if you look – parse through all of that, we are roughly at 
about 1.24 billion in cash for the quarter. So, nothing unusual other than the transactions we've already disclosed. 

<Q - David Sharrett>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - James Crowe>: Next question? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Greg Mesniaeff with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Greg Mesniaeff>: Yes, thank you. I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit of color on how you 
position and differentiate your IP services offerings vis-à-vis the competition, I mean your – I think it's fair to say you 
are not the low cost provider out there, but it seems that you are targeting more sophisticated sale in terms of peak load 
availability or other variables, I was wondering if you could address that? 


<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Yeah, I guess, Greg, I will take it on in two different dimensions. This is Kevin. I think we are 
the low cost provider but we may not be the low price provider and there is a huge distinction between those two. The 
second is that the IP market is characterized a couple of different ways. First of all the providers, there is a clear set of 
Tier 1 providers, there is a clear set of Tier 2 and below providers. What we're able to offer we believe is superior to all 
in terms of the quality of service, the customer experience, the technical metrics, if you will, to any of the providers. 
Those are all for us table sticks, there is a more interesting thing occurring which is and YouTube may be a good 
example of this. To the extent that you want to go in and sell basic transit services at a fixed price per meg and compete 
simply on price, if that's all you can provide, then you have no alternative. However, when you look at the needs of the 
customers, they are really evolving to the point that they need multiple elements of service in order to cost effectively 
manage their growth as well as be able to accommodate what is wild variability in their growth. We are seeing 
exponential growth rates on the part of some of our customers and to turn up traditional products with traditional port 
speeds, likely would either pin them a little bit if they got extraordinary growth or put them at a cost disadvantage or 
certainly at a cost premium relative to where they might be, if they had a more holistic network solution. 

What we've been attempting to do is position ourselves as a solution provider that can sell certainly IP transit, we've got 
a very large IP transit business, in fact it's one of the largest, if not the largest transit business. Others – other elements, 
the Ethernet service that Jim talked about, that allows customers to start to manage their off-net components slightly 
differently than their transit components, that's an example. There are four or five different ways that large and growing 
customers can interface with Level 3 different speeds, different protocols, different interfaces to allow them to more 
cost effectively manage their growth and manage their business and that's how Level 3 attempts to position it. 

<A - James Crowe>: And I would add a point there that there is – as in any business – there is a lot of smoke and 
mirrors around port prices for IP. Often they advertise a port price is never 100% used so the effective cost per meg is 
quite a bit higher to the customer and you have to look through some of that. 

But more importantly as Kevin's point, we offer our customers a life cycle partnership and by that I mean many of the 
most interesting companies today have growth rates that are breathtaking and in my opinion at least Web 2.0 and Web 

3.0 are real, it doesn't mean every provider is going to become Google. But, there are some real companies out there 
with real demand for their services and the interest on the part of traditional media in purchasing or partnering with 
some of these service providers is indicative of the value of their offerings. These companies have growth rates that are 
breathtaking and they know that what their set of needs are today are going to look nothing like their set of needs in six 
months or a year. We offer a partnership which includes today perhaps transit, tomorrow transit plus an Ethernet-based 
network, the day after transit, Ethernet, and waves, managed services, we help design networks, we provide space on 
top of our optical network which is of great value to many of these companies, we have metropolitan facilities which 
greatly lower the cost of their local access. 
You put all that together and I think it's hard for most companies to compete with us. I think we are uniquely positioned 
with the breadth and depth of our offering and the reason we've been – hey a 26% annualized growth rate on $2.2 
billion, I'd suggest to you, is unique in our industry and there is a reason for it and the reason is, as Kevin said, we may 
not be the low price on a particular service but very sophisticated companies are coming to the conclusion we are low 
cost. 

<Q - Greg Mesniaeff>: Thank you. 

<A - James Crowe>: Next question. 

Operator 

We have our next question from Anton Anikst with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anton Anikst>: Good morning guys. I've three questions and I apologize in advance if I am getting too granular, 
but before the call started I was trying to kind of back solve for the implied organic revenue growth for Q4 sequentially 
given full quarters worth of contribution from TelCove and Looking Glass, and I assumed about 30 million bucks of 


incremental revenues from the two acquired businesses in 4Q versus 3Q, which lead me to about a 4% sequential 
organic growth figure and I believe I heard Sunit say that growth is accelerating and that you in fact should be ahead of 
the 6% rate that you saw in Q3. So, I guess my question is twofold; one, I wanted to make sure that I heard you right 
that you do still see core revenue growth accelerating and if I was high on my 30 million incremental revenue number, 
did either TelCove or Looking Glass miss their full year '06 forecast, are they're not tracking close to the numbers we 
talked about earlier this year? Some color on that would be helpful. 

And then two really quick housekeeping items. If you could give us head count as of 09/30/06, you know pro forma for 
Broadwing and then maybe kind of target head count will be helpful. And finally, your debt balance was a little bit 
lighter than what we thought, I didn't see anything in the cash flow statement, but did you guys do any 3(a)9 exchanges, 
swapping debt for equity in the quarter, that would be helpful? Thanks. 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah, with respect to the organic growth, as I said, we expect the fourth quarter to be at or better 
than the 6% we reported, so I don't know what the numbers you are looking at. I think the TelClove and Looking Glass 
numbers are on where we thought they would come in. So, we can walk through it, but I did say it would be 6% or 
better. On the head count, as of 9/30, we were around 5,800; Broadwing would be on top of that. 

<A - James Crowe>: They have about 1,600. 

<A - Sunit Patel>: 1,600. 

<A - James Crowe>: That's as of today. 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah. And our debt balance, again nothing, no 3(a)9 exchanges or anything other than what we 
announced, so the debt balance is what I said it was. 

<Q - Anton Anikst>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - James Crowe>: I think we have time for maybe two more questions. 

Operator 

We will go to Colby Synesael with Merriman. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Colby Synesael>: Hi, guys. I assume in your base right now, you have some customers that have been with you 
for a while, that are still getting re-priced. When do we get to a point, where we actually start to see reflected in the 
financials, the price declines that someone mentioned earlier about 15% versus what your growth might be. I would 
assume right now, we're not necessarily seeing the true growth potential of the company because you are still re-pricing 
some customers that have substantially higher prices compared to market rates today? 

<A - James Crowe>: Your question, I want to make certain, implies that at some point in the future that condition 
would no longer exist. I think that's a condition that exists in our industry and will continue to exist in our industry for 
as far as the eye can see. The re-pricing issue is one that any company in a business where prices decline. Now, 
remember some of our businesses, this isn't the case, the cost of a square foot of co-location space is going up. Certain 
other services, prices are flat or up but for those services that tend to be where we think elasticity is the driver of value. 
So, if you have a 15-20% price decline, you get a multiple of that in terms of demand growth, two to three times that in 
terms of demand growth, hopefully more. That's an issue we'll always face, any customer that has a term that is a 
contract term of two, three years. At the end of that two, three years, it's 0.85 x 0.85 x 0.85, that they're going to be 
paying above market. So that's something that we are always working on. In addition, just to complicate matters 
further, it isn't unusual for the type of service to change. Kevin has talked about a clear trend towards Ethernet based 
services even in the long haul, they started first in the metro but even in the long haul, that's a very different service, 
and apples-to-apples with an IP service is hard to – it's difficult to make some sort of comparison. 

<Q - Colby Synesael>: Right. But I would assume that, if you have a customer, let's say who is, three years old, that 
hasn't been re-priced in let's say at least three years they didn't necessarily benefit from some of the price compression 


we saw two or three years ago. So, consequently that's still being reflected in your financials today when you go ahead 
and re-price them. Once you get to a point where you have customers that aren't necessarily that old in your base, I 
would assume that you are going to see better pricing for yourself, which would be reflected in your financials. 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Colby, when we talk about our price compression trends, they reflect the re-pricing of the base. 
They reflect people going to higher-speed services at an effective lower unit cost. They reflect people that are doing 
higher monthly spend and going to a higher discount level as well as the effect of closing price. And the bigger you get, 
the re-pricing trends that you are talking about, again that's going to be in every single month of our business as long as 
we are around. And the kind of improvements that we are talking about in overall trends reflect all of the – all four of 
those factors that I described. We are comfortable with our base. We are comfortable with the rate of re-pricing, the 
increased discounting. We think, the overall environment in aggregate is fairly stable and again we are comfortable 
with the combination of all of those factors today. 

<A - James Crowe>: So, what Kevin simply saying is, we talk about a 15 or a 20% decline in price that's effective 
price including all factors, not simply sales price but volume discounts, re-pricings, et cetera. And – one other 
comment, it's not unusual for a company with a three-year term that's growing rapidly to come to us well before the 
term and say, "We want more service and we would like to move to a better pricing plan" and it's good for them and it's 
good for us and we often see that and all of that's reflected in, when we talk about price declines. 

Okay. Next and last question. 

Operator 

Our last question comes from Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<A - James Crowe>: Hi. 

<Q - Jason Armstrong>: Hi, great. Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of questions, one sort of follow-up on the 
enterprise side and maybe tying in the metro services unit. Just want to sort of bridge the gap, if you look at a lot of the 
national operators even though there is scale, some of them actually operate at lower margins than where your sort of 
corporate margin is on the communication – on the core communication side so I am just wondering, are there better 
opportunities to sort of pick off share locally with some of the acquisitions you have made or is the vision here to really 
be sort of a nationwide, if not potentially international enterprise operator? 

And then second question, just more of a sort of clean-up and statistics question. Can you give us some more details on 
sort of what you are seeing on co-location? I mean Jim you just mentioned sort of per square foot pricing moving up, 
maybe a little more granularity there in terms of what you are seeing in pricing and volume? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Yeah, Jason, this is Kevin. Our positioning for the Business Markets Group is we are – and for 
Level 3 as a whole is, we are a nationwide and international provider of communication services. We are not a CLEC; 
we are not a long-distance carrier. We are a nationwide provider of communication services. When you look at the 
gross margin profile of other nationwide providers and I will exclude the ILECs for – and AT&T and MCI from this 
discussion. You see wildly varying margin profiles. 

What we've been saying for a long time by the way is if you look at Level 3 compared to the people that we've 
traditionally competed with, there was also wildly differing margin profiles. Level 3's in many cases was double what 
our competitors were able to report over the last four years. And that's the result of one simple thing. The margin is the 
result, it's the effect, it's not the cause. What you sell, who you sell it to and where you sell it determines what your 
ultimate margin profile will be. So, we have every expectation that bringing the discipline – and not bringing the 
discipline, the companies that we acquired already had the discipline, they've reported gross margins for instance in the 
70 to 80% range historically. We intend to build on that discipline and sell specific products to specific targeted 
customers in specific locations so that we enjoy the best of both worlds, which is the growth that Jim talked about 
earlier as well as the margin profile that we've also described separately. 


We don't think that you have to compromise one in order to achieve the other and we think that Level 3's track record 
speaks to that and the track record of the acquired company speaks to that, we intend to build on both. 

<A - James Crowe>: Let me add. You brought up what I think is an interesting and important question. Historically, 
why haven't all companies who are economically rational chosen to sell the right services to the right customers in the 
right area where they have networks so that they too end up with the kind of margins we are talking about. And the 
answer is, you got to have a lot of capital and a lot of patience. Remember that the result – these margins, as Kevin 
says, are the result and we spent five years building networks. The companies we acquired and we were deliberate 
about it, spent many years and substantial amounts of capital, getting in a position where they can offer on net 
facilities-based services. 

During the time where everyone was a bit overenthusiastic, there was a temptation driven by a desire to satisfy 
investors to move quickly and to skip over the building part and simply resell RBOC facility to build metro rings and 
you don't connect buildings. You buy third-party, read RBOC facilities. And the predictable result was, when times 
were good, revenues increased rapidly. When times got difficult, you had a bad cost structure. And we've not acquired 
those kind of companies and we've enjoyed the benefits of a lot of effort, a lot of capital, and a lot of planning, and a lot 
of building. And I think it's a hard thing for anyone today to simply say, "I would like to choose a facilities' based route 
unless they can talk folks like you into giving them four or five years and, billions of dollars to go build facilities", it's 
again why we think we are in a unique position. Kevin, do you want the answer on co-location. 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Co-lo, I think that the market dynamic in co-lo, I would characterize as very strong demand, 
rising prices as a result of that strong demand because facilities that are build out to the standards that customers are 
requiring today which is huge power, huge cooling requirements and a lot of technical support, the cost to provide 
those services is going up. Level 3 continues to sell what we had already constructed over the course of the last handful 
of years. Like I said, pricing is going up, you are seeing more facilities being built by people that are dedicated to that 
because the new facilities may cost you 100 million or more per facility. Level 3 is not constructing those types of new 
facilities; we do see some people that are dedicated to investing in that space, building out in response to the demand. 
But, for our customers who want to locate on top of our network and they want co-lo as part of a bundle of services, we 
are seeing a very strong pricing environment. 

<Q - Jason Armstrong>: And Kevin, do you have adequate room to sort of grow into the existing space, do you have 

– what are, for instance, what are the utilization rates you are seeing right now? 
<A - Kevin O'Hara>: They are all over the place Jason and they vary according to market. So, we are seeing a few 
interesting things; one is that, the highest demand markets, New York, the bay area, Chicago, New York, etc. London, 
we are seeing space squeezed, and again we are not interested in building other 100,000 square foot facilities from 
scratch. So, we are being pretty judicious in terms of how we use that space. What we are seeing as a result is that 
customers are now considering locations that a year ago they would not have considered. I have kidded around for a 
long time that anybody that wants to co-locate in Berlin, we've got some great space at good prices. Nobody would take 
us up on that offer for a long time. We are, however, seeing people that are now willing to go to second and third tier 
markets where the supply/demand dynamic is a little different. There is more space in second and third tier markets. 
And as a result of the price increases in Tier 1 markets, we are seeing people at least consider putting their facilities in 
the tier two or a tier three market to solve their needs. So, you are going to see a change overall, I would say overall, it's 
a pretty dynamic in service provider friendly market at the present time. 

<A - James Crowe>: Sunit, you want to make comment about SBC performance payment? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah. There was a question earlier on the SBC performance payment related to the SBC contract 
services revenue. As I said earlier, it's about 25 million a year in 2006 and 2007 predicated on our performance and it 
breaks out roughly about 6 million in the first half and about 18 plus million in the second half so just sort of clarify 
that, I apologize. Thanks. 

James Q. Crowe, Chief Executive Officer 


Okay. Well, thank you very much for listening. We look forward to continuing for quarters many, many things going 
on. And, we are pleased that on the business scale, the good things seem to outweigh the bad things and there is every 
indication that will continue. Operator, that's the end of the call. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 1:30 p.m. today and will run 
through October 31st till midnight. To access the replay system, please dial 320-365-3844 and enter the access code 
843661. Again, the numbers are 320-365-3844 and the access code 843661. That does conclude your conference for 
today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


