Company Name: Level 3 
Company Ticker: LVLT US 
Date: 2007-02-08 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. 
At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. The 
instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would 
now like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Valerie Finberg. Please go ahead. 

Valerie Finberg, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you operator. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call today. 
With us on the call is Jim Crowe, Chief Executive Officer; Kevin O'Hara, President and Chief Operating Officer; and 
Sunit Patel, our Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that some of the statements we will be making today are 
forward-looking in nature and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary significantly from those 
statements. Please note on today's call, we will be referring to certain non-GAAP financial metrics which are reconciled 
to the most comparable GAAP metric in our press release. The press release and non-GAAP metric reconciliations are 
also posted on our website. 

With that, I will turn the call over to Jim. 

James Q. Crowe, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Valerie. Our prepared remarks today will include a financial analysis of the quarter and the year, together with 
a discussion of 2007 and partial 2008 guidance by Sunit, a discussion of the progress of integration of the acquisitions 
we have made, sales and pricing trends, and operational highlights from Kevin, and then, I will have a few summary 
comments. At that point, we will open it to questions and answers. Sunit? 

Sunit Patel, Group Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report a good fourth quarter and a great 2006. In 2006, 
we made significant improvements to our balance sheet, extending debt maturities and reducing the cost of capital, and 
completed about $3.6 billion in various debt and equity financings. We grew Core Communication Services revenue at 
a 25% annualized organic growth rate, exceeding our guidance. We completed the sale of Software Spectrum, and we 
largely completed the integration of WilTel and closed on the acquisitions of Progress Telecom, ICG, TelCove, 
Looking Glass, and announced and recently closed the acquisitions of Broadwing and the SAVVIS CDN [Content 
Delivery Network] business. 

For the full year 2006 Consolidated Adjusted OIBDA was $682 million, representing a 45% growth over 2005 
Consolidated Adjusted OIBDA of 471 million. During the fourth quarter, revenue gains exceeded our projections, 
primarily as a result of accelerating organic revenue growth. Communications revenue for the fourth quarter was $830 
million. Core Communication Services revenue was 619 million, exceeding our projections of 595 to 605 million and 
was 14% higher than the third quarter revenues of 544 million. This growth was a result of continued demand across all 
core services and a full quarter of revenue from the TelCove and Looking Glass acquisitions during the previous 
quarter. Excluding termination revenue of $8 million and the impact of the Progress, ICG, TelCove, and Looking Glass 


acquisitions in both periods, our Core Communications organic growth was approximately 8% in the fourth quarter. 
Our Core Communications Services growth was strong from both a product and customer segment perspective and we 
believe it shows strengthening demand across the industry and with our wholesale content and business customer base. 
Other Communications Services revenue were $95 million this quarter, at the high end of our projected range of 92 to 
$95 million. 

Revenue from the SBC Contract Services was $116 million in the fourth quarter, at the midpoint of projected guidance 
of 100 to $130 million. As expected, included in these revenues was a $12.5 million performance bonus associated with 
the contract. Communications cost of revenue decreased by $57 million in the quarter, resulting from lower expenses 
required to support the SBC Contract and continued network expense synergies from the WilTel integration, which 
more than offset the increase in network expenses from a full quarter of revenue of TelCove and Looking Glass. 

Communications gross margin improved to 63% for the fourth quarter versus 57% in the third quarter, due to the 
favorable shift to a higher margin mix and the one-time benefits of the SBC performance bonus payment and $8 
million of termination revenue. Our communications SG&A expense, excluding non-cash compensation, was 333 
million in the fourth quarter, compared to 315 million in the third quarter. The increase in SG&A was primarily due to 
the full quarter impact of TelCove and Looking Glass expenses and accelerated integration costs. The increase in 
integration costs are primarily a result of IT expenditures incurred to accelerate integrations of operating support 
systems in the area of sales, order entry, and provisioning. Integration expenses, OpEx only that is, in the fourth quarter 
were about $20 million. 

Communications Adjusted OIBDA was $186 million in the fourth quarter compared to 174 million in the third quarter. 
Communications Adjusted OIBDA margin was 22% in the fourth quarter versus 20% in the third quarter. Capital 
expenditures in the fourth quarter were 141 million versus 120 million in the third quarter. This increase was due to the 
full quarter of TelCove and Looking Glass, overall integration efforts, and to support implementation of previous 
customer wins. Consolidated free cash flow was negative 29 million during the quarter versus negative 64 million in 
the third quarter of 2006. Net cash interest expense was 94 million in the fourth quarter, compared to 185 million in the 
third quarter. 

For the first quarter of 2007, Core Communication Services revenue is expected to be approximately 860 to $880 
million. Other Revenues are expected to be 80 to $85 million and the SBC Contract revenues are expected to be 60 to 
$80 million. Of the total Communication Services revenue of 1 to $1.045 billion expected for the quarter, about 85% 
will be from core services that are growing. Going forward from the first quarter, we expect total communications 
revenues to grow on a sequential basis. That means that the growth from core services will more than offset declines in 
Other and SBC Contract Services. In the first quarter, Broadwing should contribute about 220 to $240 million of 
revenue and almost all of it will go to core services. 

Consolidated Adjusted OIBDA is expected to be in the range of 150 to $170 million in the first quarter. This is a 
decrease from the fourth quarter for the following reasons. We will not have the benefit of the $12.5 million SBC 
performance bonus in the first quarter. In the fourth quarter, we recognized termination revenue of $8 million and do 
not anticipate termination revenues of any significance in the first quarter, continued integration costs from the 2006 
acquisitions – metro acquisitions and the Broadwing acquisitions – of about $35 million in the first quarter. We do get 
the Adjusted OIBDA benefit of the Broadwing revenue and the core revenue growth, which will be offset by continued 
decline in Other and SBC Contract revenues. 

For the full year 2007, we expect communications revenue to increase to approximately 4.025 billion to 4.305 billion, 
including revenue from the Broadwing acquisition and the SAVVIS CDN acquisition and the full-year benefit of 
companies acquired in 2006. Investors will recall that during 2006, we have said that revenue growth for Level 3 core 
services would be better than 20%, the metro acquisitions would grow at 10 to 12% annually, and that Broadwing was 
growing at 4 to 5% annually. On a revenue weighted basis, this would imply an approximately 15% annual growth for 
core services. We are now projecting Core Communication Services revenue annualized growth of approximately 17% 
in 2007 – that is from the first quarter to the fourth quarter of 2007 – 17% annualized growth. 

As in the prior two years, we do expect to see seasonal revenue patterns, with slightly slower growth rates in the first 
half of 2007 with accelerating revenue growth in the second half of the year. As such, we believe, as we said last year, 
it is important to focus on growth rates for the full year rather than just a quarter-over-quarter basis. We will be 
reporting revenues inclusive of the 2006 acquisitions beginning with the first quarter. We will report revenues for the 
Broadwing transaction separately in the first quarter, but as we migrate on to unified systems through the remainder of 


the year, we will be tracking revenues and growth at an overall company level. 

As we discussed in the press release, we expect about $100 million in network and operating integration expenses in 
2007 that largely go away in 2008. The integration expenses are mostly for the Broadwing transaction and the metro 
acquisitions completed last year and some expenses for the SAVVIS CDN acquisition. By the end of 2007, we will 
have reduced network and operating expenses by about $200 million on an annualized basis. We have identified and 
are executing on about $80 million of annual network expense reductions. In addition, we expect to reduce head count 
by 1,000 people from about 7,400 today. That will result in about $120 million of annualized operating expense 
reductions. 

We project 2007 Consolidated Adjusted OIBDA to increase to 860 to $920 million, driven by continued growth in 
Core Communication Services, the benefit of the Broadwing acquisition after integration expenses, partial year 
synergies, and the full-year benefit of the metro acquisitions. Given the Adjusted OIBDA projections for the first 
quarter in 2007, this would imply on average a better than $40 million improvement in Adjusted OIBDA every quarter 
for 2007. For 2008, we project a Consolidated Adjusted OIBDA of 1.15 billion to $1.3 billion, benefiting from 
improved synergies across the metro and Broadwing acquisitions, a reduction in integration expenses, and continued 
favorable revenue growth. 

Consistent with our previous guidance, capital expenditures in 2007 are projected to be within 12 to 14% of total 
communications revenue, plus 75 to $100 million of integration capital expenditures. Thus, we expect capital 
expenditures to be about 600 to $650 million in 2007. Net cash interest expense for 2007 is expected to be 
approximately $545 million assuming transactions completed to date. We would expect any liability management or 
refinancing initiatives to reduce our cash interest expense. Our leverage ratio, defined as total debt to Adjusted OIBDA, 
was 11 times last year and we expect it to go down to about 7 to 7.5 times this year and to about 5 times next year. We 
remain focused on achieving a target leverage ratio of 3 times to 5 times, further extending our debt maturities and 
reducing cash interest expense. Our debt at the end of 2006 pro forma for the transactions to date is about $6.75 billion. 

In summary, we have successfully completed a remarkable year in 2006. In 2007, we are focused on execution on all 
fronts with respect to integration and achieving the synergies, maintaining the revenue growth, achieving suitable 
returns on our capital expenditure investments, and reducing our cash interest expense. Our liquidity position remains 
strong at approximately $1.3 billion pro forma for the cash paid for the acquisitions completed this year. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin. 

Kevin O'Hara, Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks Sunit. 2006 was a very good year for Level 3. Organic revenue growth was very strong, the market 
environment improved dramatically, and we were able to expand significantly through acquisitions. The integration of 
all of the acquired companies is progressing well and we're beginning to see the benefits of synergies from those 
transactions. We announced the formation of our customer facing groups to better serve our customers and to accelerate 
our growth prospects, and we successfully entered the enterprise market. We announced the acquisitions of Broadwing 
and the SAVVIS CDN business and as a result of these changes and healthy customer demand, we grew 
communications revenue by 101% in 2006 and organically grew our core services revenue by 25% on an annualized 
basis. 

The favorable industry environment continued in the fourth quarter as we enjoyed strong demand across each of our 
customer facing groups. Organic growth from Core Communications revenue accelerated to 8% quarter-over-quarter 
and gross margin improved to 63%. Our strong organic revenue growth during the quarter was a result of the continued 
ramp of revenue from contracts signed in earlier periods, growing demand for IP services, and continued strength in 
voice services demand, both from a ramp on wholesale voice revenues as well as our VoIP services. Wavelength sales 
continued to be strong during the quarter, driven primarily by demand from our wholesale customers. High Speed IP 
and voice sales were also strong. VoIP customers continue to ramp subscribers for local voice services, and a 
combination of service providers and enterprises are adopting VoIP for their emerging applications. 

SBC revenues declined as expected in the fourth quarter to $116 million including payment of the $12.5 million 
performance bonus that Sunit talked about. We expected SBC will continue to migrate the services provided under the 
agreement to its own network facilities over the course of 2007, the same as we experienced in 2006, and as in 2006, 
the rate of decline will vary from quarter to quarter. However, we remain very comfortable that SBC will meet the 


gross margin commitment under the contract. 

Pricing for our services continued to show stability during the quarter and for 2006 as a whole. Transport pricing for 
the year continued to be plus or minus 10% depending on the location, speed, and size of the solution. Pricing pressures 
for transport solutions continue in select transactional markets, but Level 3's focus on large nationwide and regional 
solutions allows us to avoid much of the pressure. IP pricing continues to decline in the range of 25 to 30%; however, 
the combination of increasing demand and the rational pricing trends has allowed us to return both to top-line growth 
and margin expansion during 2006. We believe that these trends will continue throughout 2007. 

Our top 10 customers for the quarter in alphabetical order were Alltel, AT&T, Comcast, Commonwealth of 
Pennsylvania, EarthLink, Qwest, Sprint, Time Warner, Verizon and Vonage. ATT revenue now includes the SBC 
Contract, BellSouth, legacy AT&T and SBC revenue, and Cingular. The top 10 customers represent 45% of total 
communications revenue in the fourth quarter, and without the SBC Contract, contract revenue would have represented 
36% of communications. 

During the third quarter, we reorganized the company around four customer facing groups to better align ourselves with 
our target customers and our growth prospects. Wholesale Markets aligns with the carriers, wireless providers, cable 
companies, voice service providers, and similar large wholesale buyers of Level 3 services. Level 3 is already a major 
player in the Wholesale business and we continue to see strong demand and positive sales traction. 

Content Markets combines the Vyvx video business that we acquired with WilTel that targeted the traditional network 
and content rights owners and the emerging IP-oriented customers that were a key focus of Level 3. The CDN 
capabilities we recently acquired are part of the content group. Level 3 is already a strong player in this area but we 
continue to see rapid demand growth driven by the expanding adoption of the Internet and its applications, especially 
video and content distribution. 

Business Markets combines the enterprise business of both TelCove and Broadwing and targets the traditional 
enterprise segments as well as the education community and state government. Today, we have low single digit market 
share of the overall enterprise market. However, we believe that we have one of the widest and deepest end-to-end 
networks of any communications company and are the best positioned company to take significant market share from 
the incumbents as we focus our sizeable sales force on selling to customers directly served by Level 3 owned fiber and 
that can take advantage of emerging services such as Ethernet and VPNs. Today, we have approximately 6,500 
buildings directly served by Level 3 fiber and we expect to add 750 to 1,000 incremental buildings to the network in 
2007 in support of our customers. All of these buildings are assumed to be added organically. 

The European Markets group targets both the wholesale and content customers that are based in Europe and their 
growth is being driven by trends similar to what we are seeing in the U.S. For 2007, we expect an approximate mix of 
Core Communications revenue as follows. Wholesale Markets should represent approximately 58% of our business, 
Business Markets approximately 26%, Content Markets approximately 10%, and Europe will represent approximately 
6%. While the drivers behind the growth vary from group to group, all four groups are expected to contribute to the 
acceleration in revenue growth forecast for 2007. On a combined basis, we now have approximately 525 to 550 
quota-bearing sales people, and we expect to further increase the size of our sales force as we go through the year. 

I'll spend a few minutes to talk about our integration – give an integration update. Our integration activity was very 
high in the fourth quarter. Most of the physical integration of WilTel is now complete. The remaining activities for 
WilTel are primarily tied to ongoing IT system development work. As a result of the combination of WilTel and Level 
3, we were able to reduce head count during 2006 by approximately 900 people. As the new systems come online, we 
would expect to see improved operating efficiencies, but at our current growth rates, we would not expect to see 
significant additional reductions attributable to the WilTel integration. A year after closing, we have seen the benefits 
of combining WilTel with Level 3. The combined product portfolio has allowed us to grow much faster and is 
contributing to a significant improvement in Adjusted OIBDA, and we believe that overall industry dynamics have 
benefited from the industry consolidation. 

For the four metro acquisitions, the emphasis during the third and fourth quarter was to get the appropriate 
organizational structure in place and develop the detailed integration roadmaps. Most of that work has been completed 
and we decided to accelerate some of the integration-related spending during the quarter. System development work 
increased during the quarter. Thus, creating a single operating environment is critical to achieving both the expected 
synergies and growing our business with attractive operating leverage. The majority of the integration activity and 
investment associated with the metro acquisitions will occur in 2007. However, we have already begun cross-selling all 


products and capabilities to all of our targeted customers, and we have started to see the initial synergies from network 
and operating expenses. 

With the closing of the Broadwing acquisition on January 3rd, we are now executing on the initial phases of 
integration. Our highest priority is making sure that the sales and revenue momentum enjoyed by each of the 
companies is not negatively impacted by the acquisition. To that end, we have already rationalized the sales 
organization and the final product in customer account disposition should be completed during the first quarter. 
Improving gross margin by eliminating third-party network expenses and moving circuits and services on to the Level 
3 network has already begun, and while not directly related to the integration, Broadwing was experiencing churn at a 
much higher rate than Level 3 and the other acquired companies. As we proceed with the integration, specific programs 
will be put in place in an attempt to significantly reduce this churn rate. 

As network-based distribution of video and other large files continues to rapidly grow, we believe that Content 
Delivery Networks will become an increasingly important part of moving information across the Internet. The specific 
technical and economic characteristics of moving video over a network require capabilities that Level 3 did not 
previously posses. We believe the SAVVIS CDN business, the original Sandpiper Networks, including its important 
intellectual property, was the best route to owning this capability for Level 3. The team and technology we have 
acquired will become a key part of our Content Markets group. 

When you combine the CDN capability with our metro networks, backbone, Transport, and High-Speed IP services, 
and Colocation facilities, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to offer our customers a comprehensive solution to 
all of their service needs and we will look to exploit this solution advantage as we go through 2007. The integration of 
the CDN business does not require the type of physical integration associated with the metro and backbone companies 
that we've previously acquired. The success of this acquisition is dependent on rolling the product set out to all of our 
target customers through the existing Level 3 sales force and developing additional features and capacity for the 
service. We've already completed initial training of the sales force and have begun to deliver offers to targeted 
companies. One of the results of all of the integration activity described above is that we are investing a substantial 
amount of money to effect a successful integration. In the fourth quarter, we spent approximately $25 million on OpEx 
and network expense integration-related activities. We also spent approximately $20 million on CapEx in the quarter in 
support of the integrations. 

For 2007, we expect to incur approximately $80 million of operating expense and $20 million of network expense costs 
for our integration efforts, most of which are one-time in nature. We also expect to incur 75 to $100 million of CapEx 
integration costs. However, as a result of these investments, we expect to realize substantial benefits. Our monthly 
operating expense run rate should improve by approximately $10 million by the end of 2007, and our overall gross 
margin should improve by approximately 4 to 5% by the end of the year, and we should continue to see margin 
expansion opportunities in 2008. The capital expenses are one-time in nature but are investments that are necessary to 
realize the synergies. While there is a lot of activity underway, we're confident in our ability to realize the savings. We 
expect head count reductions in the first quarter to be approximately 300 to 400 and have already taken actions on 
many of these positions. Similarly, network expense reduction programs are already underway and savings are already 
being realized. 

In summary, 2006 was a very strong year for Level 3. We believe we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of the 
strong demand we are seeing in the marketplace. The combination of our backbone and metro networks, our 
comprehensive service portfolio, willingness to invest in support of our customers and our employees who are excited 
by the opportunities that they are seeing, all resonate well with our customers. Industry dynamics from both a pricing 
and demand perspective remain favorable, and we've demonstrated an ability to organically grow our revenue and to 
execute on complicated integrations, the two key drivers of success for 2007. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim. 

James Q. Crowe, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks. Well, I think Kevin and Sunit have done a good job of summarizing our current situation and future prospects. 
We've been saying for some time that if our business were to continue as is, we would be pleased and that there are 
indications that things may improve. This quarter is certainly illustrative. 


Core revenues, which were 75% of total communications revenue in the fourth quarter, and are expected to grow to 
85% in the first quarter of '07, continue to grow at an industry-leading rate. Our incremental operating margins, which 
also lead the industry, are improving and will continue to improve, and our absolute margins will show dramatic 
improvement over 2007 as we complete the integrations that Kevin discussed. Our financial strength and credit quality, 
a real focus of ours, continues to rapidly improve. As Sunit said, and I will reiterate, we expect to achieve our leverage 
ratio goal of total debt to EBITDA in the 3 to 5 range sometime next year, that is, in 2008. Put all those factors 
together, rapid revenue growth, improving margins and improving financial strength, and it explains why we say we are 
pleased with current conditions. 

Looking forward, we see continued revenue and margin improvement resulting from the integrations that both Sunit 
and Kevin discussed. This is a key issue for 2007 and we are certainly mindful of the challenges of successfully 
integrating acquired companies. As an organization and as individuals, we have substantial experience in the area. We 
have seen it done right and the three of us on the call have seen the results of poor integration efforts when our previous 
company MFS Communications was acquired. We are determined to ensure that Level 3 ends 2007 with essentially 
one network platform, one set of business processes, and most importantly, with an organization with one set of 
common values. Our 2007 guidance and Kevin's comments are evidence of our confidence in our ability to accomplish 
this goal. We expect revenue growth that will lead the industry, as I mentioned earlier, by a considerable margin. We 
expect adjusted OIBDA to, on average, increase by $40 million each quarter, and we expect our financial leverage 
ratios to rapidly improve over the course of this year and next. 

On a strategic note, a rapid move to Internet transport of video, huge file transfers, social networking, and more and 
more mobile devices which offer more and more rich media are changing the nature of the Internet. Rapidly improving 
price performance of IP optical networks and in information storage are the key technologies which support this 
transformation. Level 3 has been a traditional leader in the former. We continue to innovate with the introduction of 
new technologies like photonic integrated circuit based transmission and the introduction of Internet based routing, and 
we recognized early that end-to-end backbones, that is, those that combine both long distance and metro facilities, have 
a substantial competitive and financial advantage. The latter technology, that is rapidly improving storage technologies 
and content replication techniques to distribute mega content closer to user, has been traditionally the domain of CDN, 
that is, Content Distribution Networks and peer-to-peer providers. With the addition of the Content Distribution 
business and the intellectual property we acquired from SAVVIS to Level 3's end-to-end optical IP backbone, we think 
we are uniquely positioned to benefit from the combination of price performance improvements in IP optical networks, 
in storage – and in storage technologies and to offer the benefits of that unique combination to content owners. This is 
an opportunity we've been discussing for quite some time and it is a key opportunity over the coming years. We will 
discuss this more at our upcoming Analyst and Investor Meeting to be held in New York on March 18th – excuse me 
14th. Put those factors together and it explains why we believe today's good market conditions can get even better. 

Thanks for listening, and we'll now open the call to questions. Operator, would you please explain the Q&A procedure? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And we'll go first to the line of Ana Goshko with Banc of America. Please go ahead. Ana 
Goshko, your line is open. You may have your line on mute. 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Hi. Thanks very much. Couple of questions, first on the acquisitions that you did, the four metro 
acquisitions in 2006, I know you're expecting growth, I think you said of 10 to 12 or 10 to 15%. But when I look at 
what it seems that their performance was in 2006, progress in ICG was flat quarter-over-quarter, and then based on the 
expectations that you guys gave for the full year for TelCove and Looking Glass based on what you reported for those 
in the fourth quarter I would have expected higher. So, wanted some insight on how those businesses are performing 
relative to expectations and whether there is some kind of slowness there in the top line as a result of integration? And 
then my second question is on reciprocal compensation, I know it's something that is not a large percentage of your 
revenue anymore but it is 100% margin. So, I was tracking to about 100 million which would be 100 million of 
EBITDA in 2006. I am wondering what your expectations are for that in 2007 and that coming down is that one of the 
reasons that you are seeing a decline in your first quarter EBITDA? 

<A - James Crowe>: I'll take the first and Sunit you want to take the second? 


<A - Sunit Patel>: Sure. 

<A - James Crowe>: With regard to the metro acquisitions, we'll invite you to get into the detail with Valerie. But we 
are – we saw the kind of growth that we reported earlier and I think I have said on previous conference calls that the 
opportunity of course is to take metro acquisitions and the largest is TelCove, it was growing in the 10 to 15% range, 
10 to 12 range -- and I should add, we have not been disappointed in their growth. They continue to grow at 
approximately those ranges. I wouldn't look at any one quarter and draw a conclusion on any one of those properties. 
Together, they've met our expectations but the real opportunity is to increase that growth rate through a combination of 
added services and again, I have said previously, it's our observation that the CLEC business, that is serving enterprises 
over metro networks hasn't changed much, hasn't innovated much over the last 10 or 15 years, looks about the same as 
it did when Kevin and Sunit and I worked together at MFS. The opportunity to add additional services of the kind that 
we think Level 3 has helped pioneer, Voice-over-IP, integrated access technologies, Ethernet VPNs, real innovative 
services that we think customers want, means we think we can increase the growth rate to the kind of growths that 
Level 3 has enjoyed. And if you take a look at our projections for 2007, I think, Sunit walked through those. We are 
expecting to see some of those benefits already, that is, we expect to see some acceleration in the growth of our CLEC 
businesses even in 2007 which is an integration year. Sunit, you want to take the second? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah, Ana our reciprocal compensation is sort of running in the $80 million a year range. It's very 
small now, especially in the scheme of 4 plus billion dollar revenue business. That will decline over time as the 
managed modem business goes down a little bit every year. So, there is really not much of a change there. 

<A - James Crowe>: And it's included in our projections. 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah. 

<A - James Crowe>: We have taken that into account. 

<A - Sunit Patel>: And it's in other services so. 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Sunit, how much was there in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah, well 80 million you can linearly do that, it's running about roughly 20 million a quarter. It 
goes up and down, but it's not material to our other revenues. 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Okay, and that should be coming down with your managed modem line but it is – it's staying 
pretty steady. When do you expect there to be sort of a drop off commensurate with the decline in managed modem? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Ana, it's actually been dropping every year for the last few years and we continue to see it drop 
every year. So, it's going down slowly and it will continue to do that. 

<A - James Crowe>: But there is some offset of course with Voice-over-IP revenues. And the answer to your question 
of course has to do with intercarrier compensation issues and how that all gets settled out at the SEC. We could take a 
good part in the morning to discuss intercarrier compensation. I would sum it up this way. We expect a slow decline, 
that's what baked into our numbers depending on what happens with intercarrier compensation, we think that's a 
conservative assumption. We don't think it's going to get any worse than what we are projecting; it could get better 
depending on a political solution to intercarrier compensation and how that's all going to play out is going to depend 
heavily on a set of interrelated forces, ILECs, RLECs, Senators and the FCC that it's just hard to track at this point. 
Next... 

<Q - Ana Goshko>: Thanks very much. 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah, next question? 

Operator 

Certainly, that will be from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jonathan Chaplin>: Good morning. So, the organic revenue growth this quarter looks great at 25%. It seems that 
in terms of the underlying drive that pricing was a little bit softer than you had expected and volume was substantially 
better. I think earlier in '06, you gave us some commentary around the fact that volume was expected to be sort of, in 


aggregate, across all your businesses, so IP and transport and everything of around 40%, and pricing declines of around 
15%. I am wondering if you could give us some color of how the actual results tracked against that, those earlier 
expectations. And as for '07, it seems that the revenue guidance for Core Communications suggests organic revenue 
growth that it isn't much better than what you initially expected for 2006. Given the – you've already seen trends 
accelerate there and the strength that you've seen in the back half of the year, I'm wondering why you are not expecting 
sort of stronger growth in that piece of the business in '07. 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah, the first comment, with the fourth quarter, you may have meant this, but the fourth quarter 
didn't grow 25%. The full year was 25%, the fourth quarter grew 8%, or if you compounded that, that would be closer 
to 36% for the quarter on an annualized basis. With respect to the combination of volume and pricing, I'd recommend 
that you take a look at the analysis that was done at last year's Analyst and Investor Conference and you can expect us 
to do something or at least address that issue at this year's. It is not a simple matter when you have 4 billion in revenue 
to generalize in the way you are. Voice-over-IP is different from IP which is different from underlying optical and 
transport, it's different from business services and content distribution. 

Generalizing I think would be misleading, you would have to come up with some simple metric to measure volume and 
some simple metric to measure pricing and that's no longer possible in the way it might have been a year, a year and a 
half ago. What we would say is, for those services like IP and transport where the relationship between pricing and 
demand are key to top-line growth, we're very pleased and we think the results are evident in the numbers. 

With respect to the second part of your question, that is, is 2007 growth less than what we have seen in 2006. The 
answer is absolutely not. Remember, we are taking on 800 million-plus, 900 million of Broadwing revenue which has 
historically grown in the 4 or 5% range. We've broken out the revenue, and in the press release and in Sunit's 
comments, we've given you a revenue weighted growth rate. The Level 3, call it, legacy core, we expect to grow at the 
kind of rates we saw in 2006. Our opportunity of course, as I said earlier, is to get the Business Markets Group, that is 
the CLEC acquisitions, together with Level 3's business services, and Broadwing to grow at the kind of rates we think 
the market makes possible and we are already seeing some of that implicit in the numbers we've given you. 

So, we think -- start with the fact that the growth including all of the integration we are doing and the effects of a 
slower growing Broadwing today that result in 17% core revenue growth, compare that with anyone else in our 
industry, anyone and it is a multiple of most of our larger customers. Not simply a few percentage points greater, it is a 
multiple. And we think there is significant upside because -- and we don't think this is simply wishful thinking. We 
think given our local facilities and the fact that we are by far the broadest end-to-end provider with our own facilities, 
given the service portfolio and I think it's significant that we are the only wholesale provider growing to our knowledge 
and we are growing at a rapid rate. Add all of those together, and we think the upside is tremendous and we think 
current results are good. Next question? 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of David Janazzo with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Janazzo>: Good morning. You've given us your initial 2008 outlook for EBITDA. In that assumption is 
there much in terms of integration expenses reflected in '08? And then in terms of the costs cuts, do you expect to be at 
or pretty close to the full run rate of achieving those by the end of '07 heading into '08? 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Yeah this is Kevin, David. There will be some integration related expense in'08. There is a long 
tail on some of that system work and the like, but the lion's share, the overwhelming share is going to be incurred in 
2007. On a run rate basis we would also expect to realize the benefits, again the lion's share of benefits during 2007, so 
the run rate by the end of the year should be pretty close to what we would assume would be more in line with kind of a 
steady state, not an integration burdened run rate. 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah I would comment that if you take Sunit's comment that OIBDA will increase 40 million on 
average per quarter; simply take a look at where we start with our projection for first quarter and do that math, you can 
see the benefits of what Kevin just mentioned. You could even come up with an implied fourth quarter adjusted 
OIBDA and take a look at that in comparison with what we are projecting for 2008, it doesn't take a heroic effort to get 
there and it implies the majority of our integration expenses are behind us. 

<Q - David Janazzo>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question is from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Hodulik>: Hi, thanks good morning. Given that a lot of the upside to the growth rate is going to come from 
the CLEC business, could you give us a little bit more detail in terms of where you are in getting that, those retail 
operations consolidated in terms of unified product sets, systems, sales force. And again sort of balance the idea that 
through this process you could see, you will see acceleration versus potential slowing that sometimes occurs when you 
put a lot of organizations together? 

<A - James Crowe>: I am going to give you a general answer then ask Kevin to get into the specifics. Generally I 
agree there is a real upside to the roughly 25% of our business that is today in Business Markets Group. It's not 'the' 
upside. When you look at the size of our Wholesale Markets Group, and at the rate of growth; that is a substantial 
creator of value and as I said longer term, we think content distribution, that is our Content Group is really going to be 
a creator of value. So, Kevin do you want to talk about the specifics? 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Yeah, I think that the principle that Jim just described is spot on, and specifically what we said 
this morning is that we would expect of our Core Communications wholesale in 2007 to be approximately 58% of our 
revenue and Business Markets approximately 26. So, it starts out at more than twice the size – our wholesale business 
that is – and the growth rates while not exact are comparable. So, the growth that's implied in many cases is continuing 
to do what we have already been doing for a long time and where we have got a long track record. On the Business 
side, we have already largely rationalized the sales force, the sales leadership of Business Markets has been put in 
place, combining the Broadwing and TelCove enterprise sales forces. It is a sales force that has been selling to the 
enterprise marketplace for a number of years. It's a sales force that has been successfully selling for a number of years. 

So while there is some rationalization and I guess what I would describe as refocusing more in line with the Level 3 
strategy of selling to on-net buildings, adding additional buildings etcetera, that will require a little bit of training, a 
little bit of refocusing, it's not an effort that's starting from scratch. I feel pretty confident in our ability to take two 
groups that were already executing and bring those together. Final account disposition, product disposition on the 
enterprise side, and the account assignment side should all be done in the first quarter. Sales training will be done in the 
first quarter. So, we are, again I think taking all of the right steps to ensure that the growth that we are anticipating in 
fact does occur, but it's not a heroic change from what the groups were already doing. 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah, and Kevin – I would amplify what Kevin said. In the several dozen acquisitions that we've 
made over last 20 years or so, what we have learned and this is particularly true for Business Markets Group for selling 
to enterprises – what is key is starting out with an unfair advantage at the gross margin level. You do that by properly 
and Kevin has, I think every quarter earnings call said this, by selling the right services to the right customers in the 
right locations. Generally, that means on-net services of the right type and then picking customers that you can serve 
with your own facilities. What that's meant and what we've learned over the years is you lead by rationalizing your 
product portfolio. Whenever you integrate, the first thing you do is come up with a set of services and you dictate those 
services very carefully. So, Kevin's comment about getting the product portfolio rationalized and common is how you 
start, that leads to business processes, systems, the right kind of people selling the right services. And we are already 
well into that and feel we will be substantially done by the end of the first quarter. That is, our sales force will have a 
very clear set of services to sell by the end of the first quarter. 

<Q - John Hodulik>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Mike McCormack with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mike McCormack>: Thanks. Just trying to get a sense, if you could maybe breakdown how much organic 
growth is coming from your voice line; and then within voice, how much of that is growth in the Voice-over-IP market 
versus growth in wholesale switched voice? And secondly, for the first quarter guidance, can you give us a sense for 
what the impact of non-core operations are on the consolidated adjusted EBITDA? Thanks. 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Mike, this is Kevin. We don't breakout our guidance in the way that you just described. I will 
share one or two other pieces of data with you, however, because we have historically talked about what our 


VoIP-related revenue growth is and our voice growth, I think we do break that out. For the fourth quarter, our VoIP 
revenue, VoIP-related revenue grew about 12.5%, but interestingly, it grew 12.5% to an annualized run rate of $225 
million. So, in percentage terms, you're seeing VoIP grow faster in absolute terms, it is the dollars being driven by our 
other services that are driving most of that top-line growth. We're happy with our voice business, we are very happy 
with it. And again we're seeing great growth in absolute dollars, that's not the key driver though. 

<A - James Crowe>: And I'd add that investors may remember that at our last analyst conference, we indicated there 
are two parts to our voice service. One is Voice-over-IP, that is IP-originated services, Kevin just described the growth 
there, it continues to be very robust. The other is wholesale services, traditional termination services. We said at that 
time that many in the industry view that as a business that isn't attractive because of margins. That's not the case for 
Level 3, given our extensive interconnection facilities built on the back of managed modem. Because of that, we like 
traditional voice termination and that is growing above trend, that is above our overall growth rate in addition to 
Voice-over-IP. 

<Q - Mike McCormack>: Kevin is there any way to breakdown the metro acquisitions into those buckets of T&I, IP 
and Data, and voice? 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: No, in fact the right way to think about the metro acquisitions is fantastic network facilities 
down at the physical layer but then the customers up above got distributed to the Wholesale Markets Group, the 
Content Markets Group, the Business Markets Group. So, as we go forward, assigning value to any one acquisition, 
other than the value of the underlying network, becomes fairly arbitrary. More service is sold over those facilities today 
by our Wholesale Markets Group for instance than the Business Markets Group. And the Wholesale Market Group 
doesn't differentiate based on where it came from or where the market is where we have facilities. So, rather than the 
geographic orientation that existed with the previous kind of metro companies, we have organized around our 
customers not geography, and again the distinctions become fairly arbitrary and increasingly of less value. 

<Q - Mike McCormack>: Okay. Can you guys make any comments on that guidance for first quarter? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah. I mean if you look at our SBC Contract Services in the fourth quarter, we reported 116 
million, we're saying it goes to 60 to 80, the incremental margin loss there, usually about 25%. And then if you look at 
our Other Communication Services revenue, and also keep in mind you have to back out 12.5 million from the fourth 
quarter for the performance payment, which is all margin. And then Other Communications revenues going from 95 
million to 80 to 85 million and the margin loss there is typically similar to our on-net services in the 60, 65% range. So, 
I think that gives you a rough idea of the impact there going from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. And I think 
back to your question that you were asking, Kevin, a lot of the metro acquisitions were, from a broader perspective 
anyway, most of their revenues was in DNI, some in IP, very little voice revenue. 

<A - James Crowe>: If you think about first, second, third and fourth quarter, I think it would be important to 
remember what Sunit said. First quarter, Core revenues which do not include Other and SBC, are 85% of total. By the 
end of the year, it will be over 90. That's why we have been saying for some time now that, over the course of 2006, we 
certainly absorbed a major reduction in revenue from SBC, less so from Other, but that's largely behind us even today. 
We still see some in the first quarter just described by Sunit, but as he said earlier, we expect, in absolute terms, 
top-line growth in Communications which means the growth in Core for the whole year is greater than the reduction in 
Other and SBC. And towards the end of the year, that dynamic becomes particularly important going into '08. 

<Q - Mike McCormack>: All right, appreciate it guys. 

<A - James Crowe>: Next question. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Tom Watts with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Thomas Watts>: Hi, congratulations on the quarter. Couple of quick questions; one, in terms of square footage, 
you have some of the largest hosting in colo space of any company out there, are there opportunities to target that more 
to the enterprise and media space than you had done in the past? Also, secondly in the CDN area, I think previously 
SAVVIS had focused primarily on the file download applications for that. Do you see broadening the product set and 
what will it take to do that? Then just one final numbers question on the guidance, the guidance for other income and 
expense for both the quarter and the year, are there significant items in that other than interest income and expense? 


<A - Kevin O'Hara>: I will take the first one. And I think there is a couple of points that come out there. We have 
historically had a very large footprint. We continue to have a large colocation footprint. But I think the power of what 
we have put together is being able to go to whether they are business customers, content customers and not try to sell 
them a product because we are a one-trick pony, but go and sit down with them and come up with an economically 
rational solution for all of their needs. And if you look at virtually every company that we target, every company that 
relies on bandwidth as a key part of their business, they need metro access. They need some amount, typically, of 
colocation, they need some amount of high speed IP, in the content business they need some amount of CDN. And we 
have a lot of colocation space available. Our goal is to be able to bundle all of those capabilities in a way that best 
meets the needs of our customers. Not selling colo as a standalone product competing with a colo provider, IP 
standalone competing with only an IP provider, but rather putting it all together in a way that works for our customers. 
We think all of them are going to be key differentiators for us as we go forward. 

<A - James Crowe>: Which leads right into my response to the second question, and that is what can we do to expand 
the offering of our content distribution network capability. We view CDN as a capability, not a standalone technology 
or a standalone service for the long-term. We believe and I suppose – I'm sure, most if not all in the call noted that this 
past week we've seen a series of announcements by major U.S. corporations recognizing that the price performance of 
optical IP network exceeds the price performance improvement of other video distribution channels; therefore, over 
time we are going to see video move to the lower cost distribution channel. We saw an announcement by Wal-Mart just 
a couple of days ago. Apple obviously has already entered heavily into this area and many, many others. We've been 
saying for some time that predicting with certainty how the timing of all of this depends heavily on the whole supply 
chain. I would refer you to last year's analysts and investor call for more detail but a lot depends on things like digital 
rights management, how do you protect your property, how do you get paid, how do you move from a broadband 
connection to something people want to watch like a big screen TV. And we painted three different scenarios, fast, 
slow and medium. I would say right now we may have been conservative and things may be moving more quickly than 
we thought. 

Our approach to content distribution is to recognize that not all content – it's not a homogenous market. Moving the 
Super Bowl, with hundreds of millions of watchers and absolute need for real-time and very high definition signal over 
the internet requires a very, very different combination of bandwidth and storage, much more distributed servers out 
around the edge and today it's not possible. There is not enough capacity, the system would break. On the other hand, 
the long tail, the literally tens of thousands of video titles for instance, that are watched fewer times, that lends itself to 
a more centralized server architecture using more bandwidth and less memory. I'll say what Kevin said and I said and 
we'll explore in some detail at our Analyst and Investor Conference. We think because we are the only company today 
with both CDN intellectual property and services, and because of the strength of our IP optical network we are in a 
unique position to come up with the right combination of server architecture, distribution technologies and bandwidth. 
And stay tuned, because it's a big theme, it's a big opportunity and it's a central issue in our Analyst and Investor 
Conference. Sunit, you want to answer the last item? 

<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah Tom, on the other question you had, I think we've got two items besides interest income 
expense in other income on the fourth quarter. Generally, it's capital markets, liability management initiatives and I 
think we've talked about the amounts involved both in the fourth quarter and the amounts we expect in the first quarter 
with the debt to equity exchanges we completed in January, so it's in the press release. 

<Q - Thomas Watts>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - James Crowe>: Next question. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Qaisar Hasan with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Qaisar Hasan>: Hi, thank you. I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into some of the operational expense integration 
numbers relating to the various acquisitions that you guys have made. First of all, if I could just clarify, the 80 million 
in operating expenses, 20 million in network expenses that you are guiding for in relation to the acquisitions, your press 
release says that it relates to Broadwing and SAVVIS CDN. Is that the case or does that include some of your prior 
acquisitions as well? 


<A - Sunit Patel>: Yeah, I think that's why I made that comment in my remarks, it should have said Broadwing, 
SAVVIS and the metro acquisitions we did last year. 

<Q - Qaisar Hasan>: Okay. Now, when I look at the, the numbers so, I guess if you include CapEx in there, you are 
looking at about 175 to $200 million that you are guiding for in '07. When I look at your Broadwing call, when you 
guys announced the Broadwing acquisition, you had announced that, specifically for that transaction, you expected to 
spend about $120 million in OpEx and CapEx and that was split between '07 and '08. Now, given that the metro 
acquisitions are largely done and you had previously indicated that you are actually accelerating the integration of those 
transactions, WilTel is out of the way, I'm just wondering if you can help bridge that delta between your Broadwing 
guidance recently back in October and the higher amount that you are guiding for today? 

<A - James Crowe>: Just a comment. First of all, I don't think we said that the metro acquisition integration were 
largely done, they are not. And, I would also say that when we break out the integration effort with a specific company, 
we do our best to allocate an overall effort. But recognize, as I said earlier, we want to end up with one network, one set 
of business processes, one set of systems and one organization. And the efforts overlap, that is when we develop a 
particular provisioning process for integrating business services, sales, activation, billing, deciding how much is for 
Broadwing and how much is for Telco is an exercise in allocation. So, there is a great deal of overlap in integration and 
we've attempted to give you the totals. Kevin? 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Yeah. In fact during my remarks I made the point that, for the metro acquisitions the majority of 
the integration activity and investment will be incurred in 2007. So, that heavy lifting is in front of us. The thing to 
keep in mind is that the cost to integrate multiple companies isn't all additive. You do get some benefit from one 
transaction to the next. So, if you looked at what the cost to integrate each of these companies standalone would be and 
you add them together we get some, for lack of a better term, economy of scale on integrations as we get to reuse 
certain systems and certain other efforts. So, the number that we described today is the cumulative impact on 2007 for 
all of the remaining integration activity. 

<A - Sunit Patel>: And one other thing I would add is if you go back and look at our press releases and 
announcements on the metro acquisitions, you will see that we said that the bulk of the integration efforts for the metro 
acquisitions would be in 2007. So in fact we accelerated some of that beginning in the fourth quarter but we have 
always said that the bulk of the integration would be in 2007 for the metro acquisitions. 

<Q - Qaisar Hasan>: Okay. And then if you I could just ask a little bit about your traffic, I think in the third quarter 
you had indicated that you were going to stop giving IP traffic measurement metrics because they no longer correlated 
to what you felt was your overall growth in transport as well. And you were hoping to give some metric that would 
more broadly capture sort of volume growth trends within both IP and transport. I was wondering if you could give us 
some sense of how you think traffic is trending within these two broad growth drivers for Level 3. 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah. I think what we said is that we were seeing increasing substitution among product lines, 
that is we have individual customers who buy IP transit, that may buy Ethernet services, that may buy private line and 
they may buy some amount of wavelengths and all of them are in support of their IP traffic. And it isn't that we didn't 
think IP growth rate was useful, we just didn't think it told the whole story and we said we were looking to see if we 
could develop a metric that was more useful. And I would comment that what we have said all along that we think IP 
itself would grow in the 60 to 80% range and I would tell you we haven't seen anything that changes our mind about 
that so far. There is reasons to think with video it could accelerate some but we are not betting on that. And again we 
gave some detail on this last March. We'll update that detail this March at our analyst conference. I would say in the 
interim, take a look at our core growth rate in revenue. That's a pretty good all-in indicator, converted to dollars of the 
kind of growth we are seeing, that's net unit growth and price decline. And that's a pretty good indicator overall of what 
we think investors might want to focus on. 

<Q - Qaisar Hasan>: Okay. And if I can just get one more quick question in, BellSouth you had listed as one of your 
top 10 customers in the third quarter obviously that's become part of AT&T now. Do you have a sense of any potential 
traffic drop-off as a result of AT&T moving some of the BellSouth long-haul traffic onto its own backbones and any 
implications of that? 

<A - Kevin O'Hara>: Sure. We would expect that BellSouth would be migrated in some or whole onto the AT&T 
network and all of the guidance that we gave for 2007 reflects our current understanding. So it's baked in. 

<Q - Qaisar Hasan>: Great, thank you. 


<A - James Crowe>: Next question. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jason Armstrong>: Great, thanks for taking the question. I guess just a couple, first on the integration activities 
across Broadwing and metro deals. I think before you had indicated that you may take a bit of a breather here before 
contemplating further acquisitions, maybe just some comments on if that's still the right interpretation? And then, as 
you think about the next stage whenever it comes, you have got a number of peers sort of ranging from AT&T and 
Verizon at the top end down to a lot of the smaller companies that are becoming more active with build or buy 
activities internationally. And the track record here has been for you guys mostly focusing domestically on deals. I 
wonder if you can sort of weigh the sort of future here of scale in the US continuing to do what you have done versus 
extension abroad? And the second question is just on CapEx, you are talking about 12 to 14% for '07. Given the mix 
shift in the business more metro, more enterprise, more Content Delivery going forward how should we think about 
sort of the capital intensity in this business? 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah the first question, are we taking a breather Jason with respect to M&A. I think what we 
said is that we wanted to make certain that the integration efforts we have spent a good portion of this call discussing 
are assured and that the outcome that we have discussed in the call, financial outcome is assured before we take on any 
additional integration efforts, always caveating that statement with the following. That translates into a much higher 
hurdle for any acquisition, a much higher hurdle. Doesn't – never say never but it's a much higher hurdle. With respect 
to your second question, international issues, we have as a major goal in 2007 an investigation of what we think are the 
three key areas of the globe that is Asia, Eastern Europe – Asia and including India, Eastern Europe and South 
America. We have as a goal development of our long-term strategy in each of those areas. 

We don't think any one to-date has brought the kind of portfolio of services that we represent to the international arena. 
Now you have to approach all of those markets country-by-country. Dealing with China is very different than dealing 
with Korea or Japan. How you approach each of those areas, you mentioned build versus buy, in many areas that's not 
even an option to build. Other areas, for instance Eastern Europe, we are already building or acquiring facilities. South 
America is a different matter, but the very strong ties between Hispanics here in North America and South America 
make that an attractive market. But what we are not interested in is simply bringing traditional services, voice-oriented 
services, TDM services to those markets. We are interested in talking with companies who bring a common view of the 
future, IP-optical content oriented, IP-oriented. And we are interested in developing relationships and where practical 
and desirable our own facilities to develop an international and a global capability. That strategy is certainly not for the 
next three quarters or four quarters, that's about integration. But longer-term I think any company in our industry needs 
to be thinking that way. 

<A - Sunit Patel>: I will answer the question on the CapEx. I think we continue to remain comfortable as a median 
range 12 to 14% of total communication revenues to be spent on CapEx to drive the kind of growth we are talking 
about and this kind of incremental margins we have talked about. Now as I said that's a median range. In any given 
year some chance could be a little below that, a little above that, but I think in general we feel pretty comfortable with 
the 12 to 14% range for CapEx as a percent of total communications revenue. 

<A - James Crowe>: Yeah, and I think that Sunit talked a lot about this last March and may discuss it again this 
March. But, while the metro facilities – I will refer you to Kevin's comments don't think of metro as a business, it's a set 
of facilities. Metro facilities are more capital intensive. The set of services it enables gives you 80% gross margins, or 
better. Those were the kind of gross margins that we picked up in the metro business. So, when you push down to the 
contribution line, you may have somewhat higher CapEx but you have higher gross margins, therefore, the kind of 
margins that we expect at all of our businesses. If we emphasize those metro facilities, and we said we will, you might 
be towards the higher end of that 12-14%, but overall we think that's the right range, with the caveat that integration 
CapEx is additive to that. 

<Q - Jason Armstrong>: Okay. That's great color, thank you. 

<A - James Crowe>: Last question I think. 


Operator 

Very good. Our final question then will be from Chris Larsen with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Christopher Larsen>: Hi thanks. I guess I am squeaking in under the wire here, thanks for taking the question. If 
we look at the guidance you've give for '07 and then start to think about how that compares to the guidance for '08, as I 
look at the '07 numbers, the midpoint of EBITDA is about 890. If you add back about $100 million of integration 
spend, that probably will not show up in '08, then somewhere in the 1 to $200 million of annual synergies that you 
should get out of these acquisitions, you start out with the base of 1.1 to 1.2 billion in EBITDA. And then if you start 
thinking about the run rate of revenue growth and the contribution that those incremental revenues would generate, you 
could quickly get into the range for '08 of 1.35 billion to 1.5 billion for EBITDA. And I wondered if you could, A) 
comment on that and then B) as I look down there, you comment on the CapEx, if we think about CapEx in that sort of 
mid five range and interest expense in the mid five range, you're generating in '08 not just positive free cash flow but on 
the order of 250 to 400 million of free cash flow. I wonder if you could just comment on that and whether the guidance 
you are giving out for '08 is just very conservative, because we are a year plus away from that. 

<A - James Crowe>: We are, if we are not unique we would be in a small group of companies that provide guidance 
two years out. I mean we talked about this last year when we did the same. We believe that investors should have that 
information because we are still an earlier stage company, that is we have built a very large factory and we are filling 
that factory up but necessarily we incur losses until we hit the point where we have sufficient scale to cover the cost of 
this very large network factory that we invested in. And because of that we think we owe investors more metrics until 
we are more traditional and are able – you could judge our performance using more traditional kinds of ratios. 

With respect to 2008, I would simply say we have a long history of providing guidance which we fully intend to meet. 
And our history is that with rare exception we meet our guidance. When you get that far out, the volatility in your 
estimate gets higher and we are going to be more conservative that is certainly true. With respect to your analysis of 
potential cash flow implications, free cash flow implications, I would say that directionally we don't argue with the 
comments you have made. We note that most analysts have us turning cash flow positive sometime in '08, depends on 
the analyst, and we haven't – we have said publicly we don't argue with that. However, a lot depends on opportunity. If 
we see top line growing more rapidly remember Sunit's comment, 12 to 14% of revenue. We may have more 
opportunities and capital expenditures. The metro for instance represents one of the great opportunities in 
communications, period. No one has developed, no one, I repeat, no one has developed a national metro footprint with 
the kind of depth and scale that we think the opportunity warrants. 

So I think our investors pay us to have the proper balance between financial stability and strength and investment in the 
future. We have said over and over again we are going to get to the kind of financial leverage that Sunit I think has said 
dozens of times. 3 to 5 times, EBITDA that is somewhere in the range of 3 to 5, excuse me debt that is somewhere in 
the range of 3 to 5 times EBITDA. That's our goal and you can see the implications of that on cash flow. Past that, I 
guess, we will let you develop your analysis and we hope you are 100% right in the implications of all you have said. 

James Q. Crowe, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, thank everyone on the call and we look forward to hopefully those of you who can join us in March we 
look forward to seeing you in New York on the 14th. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay beginning at 5 p.m. eastern time today and 
running through the 15th of February at midnight. You may access the playback by dialing 320-365-3844, and entering 
the access code, 858124. That number again is 320-365-3844 with the access code, 858124. That does conclude our 
conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 


have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


