Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
• Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
Other Participants 

• John Pitzer 
• Brendan Furlong 
• John Barton 
• James Schneider 
• Sumit Dhanda 
• Kevin Cassidy 
• Gilbert Alexandre 
• Christopher Danely 
• Terence Whalen 
• Raymond Rund 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Hello. Good day everyone and welcome to the Microchip Technology Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2010 Earnings 
Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference 
over to Microchip's Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Eric Bjornholt. Please go ahead, sir. 

J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Good afternoon, everyone. During the course of this conference call we will be making projections and other 
forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to 
caution you that such statements are predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to 
our press release of today as well as our recent filings with the SEC that identify important risk factors that may impact 
Microchip's business and results of operations. 

In attendance with me today are Steve Sanghi, Microchip's President and CEO; Ganesh Moorthy, Microchip's COO; 
and Gordon Parnell, Vice President, Business Development and Investor Relations. 

I will comment on our fourth quarter fiscal year 2010 financial performance, and Steve and Ganesh will then give their 
comments on the results, discuss the business environment, and discuss our guidance for the June quarter, including 
information on Microchip's stand-alone operations as well as our expectations for the operations acquired from SST. 
We will then be available to respond to specific investor and analyst questions. 

Net sales for the March quarter were a record 278 million, up approximately 11.2% from net sales of 250.1 million in 
the immediately preceding quarter, and up 60.5% from net sales of 173.3 million in the March 2009 quarter. The March 
quarter represents the first time in Microchip's history that we have achieved four quarters in a row of double-digit 


percentage sequential revenue growth. 

On a geographic basis, revenue in the Americas was up 12.5% in the March quarter. Europe was up 22% and Asia was 
up 5.6%. All geographies surpassed our initial expectations for the quarter and delivered growth above normal 
seasonality. The growth in Asia with the backdrop of this being the quarter of the lunar New Year is exceptional. Asia 
continues to be our largest geographic region representing 49.6% of sales in the March quarter. The Americas were 
24% of sales and Europe was 26.4% of sales. 

These measurements are based on where the product is delivered for manufacturing purposes for our customers, but 
does not necessarily represent where the design activity is taking place or where the end product consumption is 
occurring. Net sales for fiscal 2010 were $947.7 million, up approximately 4.9% from the fiscal 2009 levels. 

We are continuing to include information in our press release on various GAAP and non-GAAP measures. We have 
posted a full GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation on our Investor Relations page of our web site at 
www.microchip.com, which we believe you will find useful when comparing GAAP and non-GAAP results. 

Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010 was 86.7 million or a record $0.46 per diluted share, 
an increase of 23.6% from non-GAAP net income of 70.1 million or $0.38 per diluted share in the immediately 
preceding quarter. 

The after tax impact on the March 2010 quarterly earnings that have been excluded from our non-GAAP results include 

8.5 million in share-based compensation expense, 1 million in non-cash interest expense associated with our 
convertible debt, and 1.5 million in charges associated with our acquisition activities. GAAP net income was 75.7 
million in the March quarter or $0.40 per diluted share. 
For fiscal 2010, non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.32 compared to $1.27 in fiscal 2009. It is worth noting that EPS 
was negatively impacted by about $0.06 in fiscal 2010 compared to fiscal 2009 as a result of lower interest income due 
to the depressed market interest rates being applied to our cash and investment balances. 

GAAP earnings per share were $1.16 for fiscal 2010, compared to $1.31 for fiscal 2009 and include on an after-tax 
basis 32.2 million in share-based compensation expense, 8.5 million from a favorable tax settlement with IRS, 4.6 
million in gains on trading securities, 3.8 million in non-cash interest expense associated with our convertible debt, 3.9 
million in charges associated with our acquisition activities, and 1.1 million associated with the acquisition of a patent 
license. I will now go through some of the operating results for the March quarter. 

I will be referring to gross margin and operating expense information on a non-GAAP basis prior to the effects of 
share-based compensation and acquisition-related expenses. Gross margins were a record 61.63% in the March quarter 
compared to 59% in the December quarter. 

The 260 basis point quarterly increase in gross profit margin was driven by a variety of factors including higher 
production activity in our factories and continued cost reduction efforts from our global manufacturing operations. 

With the increase in revenue, we were able to achieve operating leverage from the business with total operating 
expenses of 25.8% of sales in the March quarter compared to 26.2% in the prior quarter. 

Research and development costs were 30.3 million, compared – representing 10.9% of sales. Sales and general 
administrative expenses were 41.4 million, representing 14.9% of sales. Our non-GAAP operating expenses as a 
percentage of sales are now lower than they were in our previous peak earnings quarter of September 2008. 

On a full GAAP basis, gross margins including share-based compensation and acquisition-related expenses, were 
60.6%. Total operating expenses were $80 million, or 28.8% of sales, and include share-based compensation of 7.2 
million and acquisition-related expenses of 1.7 million. 

On a non-GAAP basis, the tax rate for the March quarter was 10.4%, the GAAP effective tax rate for the March quarter 
was 9.8%. The difference in the GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates was driven from the higher tax rates that applies to the 
non-cash interest expense on our convertible debt and our tax rate is impacted by the mix of geographical profits and a 


percentage of our cash that is invested in tax advantaged securities. 

We expect our forward-looking non-GAAP tax rate to be between 12.5 and 13%, and we expect our forward-looking 
GAAP tax rate to be between 12 and 12.5%. 

The dividend declared today of $0.342 per share will be paid on June 3, 2010, to shareholders of record on May 20, 
2010. The cash payment associated with this dividend will be approximately $63.5 million. 

Moving on to the balance sheet, Microchip's inventory balance at March 31, 2010, was 116.6 million, an increase of 3.8 
million and representing approximately 97 days, which is down from 2 days from the prior quarter level. 

Inventory at our distributors was about flat at 41 days, compared to 40 days at the end of the prior quarter. Deferred 
income on shipments to distributors increased only 1.4% sequentially in the March quarter and is actually down 4.4% 
from the level of our prior peak earnings quarter of September 2008. I would like to remind you that Microchip 
recognizes its distribution revenue on a sell-through basis in its worldwide distribution channel. 

At the end of March, the combined inventory on Microchip's balance sheet and at its distributors was 138 days, or 
down 1 day from the prior quarter levels. During the March quarter, we continued to aggressively increase our 
manufacturing output so we can continue to satisfy the needs of our customers by providing industry-best lead times. 
We expect inventory days on our balance sheet to be about flat in the March quarter – in the June quarter, and remain 
well below our internal target of 115 days. 

At March 31, our receivables were 137.8 million, an increase of 24 million, or 21.1%, from the balance as of the end of 
December. The increase in receivables in the March quarter is due to the back-end weighting of shipments due to the 
Lunar New Year holidays in Asia. Receivable balances are in great condition, with excellent payment performance 
continuing from our customers. 

As of March 31, Microchip's cash and total investment position was approximately 1.53 billion. Our cash generation 
from the business was 94.9 million prior to the payment of a 62.9 million dividend. Our cash generation continues to be 
strong, and our total cash and investment position is projected to grow again in the June 2010, quarter, excluding the 
cash used to fund the SST acquisition. 

Capital spending was approximately 19.2 million for the March quarter, and our fiscal 2010, capital expenditures were 

47.6 million. We are continuing to invest in equipment to support the revenue growth of our new products and 
technologies, and our capital expenditure forecast for fiscal 2011 is about $90 million. Depreciation expense for the 
March quarter was 21.3 million, which was down from depreciation of 21.6 million in the December quarter. 
I will now ask Ganesh to give his comments on the performance of the business in the March quarter. Ganesh? 

Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Eric, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me now comment on the individual product lines. All three of our 
product lines, microcontrollers, analog, and serial EEPROMs, delivered another quarter of outstanding growth in the 
March quarter. 

Our strategy to stay invested in our new product development and demand creation initiatives during the global 
recession is paying off handsomely as you can see from the continuation of our differentiated revenue growth and 
operating profit results quarter-after-quarter. 

Let's now take a closer look at each of our product lines starting with microcontrollers. Our microcontroller business 
delivered superb results with revenue up a strong 10.3% on a sequential basis and up 58.2% from the year-ago quarter, 
achieving a new record. The March quarter was the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit sequential growth for the 
microcontroller business. 


Flash microcontrollers represented 81.5% of our microcontroller business in the March quarter. Our 8-bit 
microcontroller business had another excellent quarter as all segments of our 8-bit product line again experienced very 
strong growth. 

Our 16-bit microcontroller business achieved another record for quarterly revenue with strong sequential growth of 
23% and up 133% from the year-ago quarter. On a fiscal year basis, our fiscal year '10 16-bit revenue was up an 
impressive 86% over fiscal year '09. New customers and new designs going to production continued to help drive 
significant growth as the number of volume 16-bit customers grew by 284 customers to 2,573. 

Our 32-bit microcontroller product line meanwhile also continues to make good progress, with 36% sequential growth 
from a small, but rapidly growing base and building upon the 44% sequential growth we had in the December quarter. 
We now have 222 32-bit microcontroller customers in volume production, up from the 173 we reported last quarter. 

Moving to development tools. We had another record quarter here, too, with 45,057 development tools shipped in the 
March quarter, the fourth consecutive quarter of record development tool sales. 

As you have seen from our growth in recent quarters, development tool sales are an excellent leading indicator of 
continued strong design-in activity and acceptance of solutions by our customers. And the continued strength of record 
development tool sales should bode well for future growth. 

About a month ago, Gartner Dataquest released their microcontroller market share report for 2009. Based on Gardner's 
report for the fourth consecutive year, Microchip retained the number one position for 8-bit microcontrollers. We 
gained market share again, and we continued to put more distance between us and the second-place competitor. 

Microchip is now 26% larger than the number-two 8-bit competitor. Our outstanding growth in 16-bit microcontrollers 
enabled us to break into the top 10 of 16-bit competitors for the first time. 

In fact, in 2009, not only did we gain share in the 16-bit market, but we were the fastest growing provider of 16-bit 
products by a very wide margin. And 2010 is off to a solid start as you have seen based on our 23% sequential growth 
in the March quarter. 

Moving to our analog products. Here, too, we delivered outstanding results with very strong sequential growth of 
19.3%, and 91.6% growth versus the year-ago quarter to achieve another record for revenue growth. 

We also marked the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth for our analog business. On a fiscal year basis, 
our fiscal year '10 analog business was up 21.3% over fiscal year '09. After breaking through the $100 million 
annualized revenue run rate for the first time just last quarter, our analog business rocketed past the $125 million 
annualized revenue run rate in just one quarter. 

Growth was especially strong in the linear interphase mixed signal safety and security product lines. We are very 
pleased with the design win momentum and revenue momentum our analog business has shown. We continue to 
introduce a steady stream of innovative new products that we expect will contribute to continued strong growth in the 
coming quarters. 

Moving to our serial EE memory business, this business was up 9.3% sequentially. We were pleased to see solid 
growth in this area of our embedded control products and we continue to run this business in a disciplined fashion that 
maintains consistent profitability and serves our microcontroller customers to complete their solutions. About four 
weeks ago, we closed the acquisition of SST, the integration work is off to a good start, and Steve will provide more 
color on the acquisition in his remarks. 

We continue to press our advantage with industry leading lead times as most of our competitors struggle to maintain 
lead times of 20 to 30 weeks. Microchip's investment in inventory, decision not to lay off manufacturing employees or 
shutdown manufacturing facilities during the recession, as well as our ongoing operational excellence, has enabled us 
to offer industry leading lead times to our customers. 


We're capitalizing on this strength to further grow our market share as we are better able to respond to rapidly rising 
demand from our existing customers, rescue new customers who have been marooned by our competitors' inability to 
supply product, as well as instill confidence in all customers as to who they should commit new designs to so that they 
are best assured of excellent delivery and superior service to help them achieve future success. 

Let me now pass it to Steve for some general comments as well as our guidance for the June quarter. Steve? 

Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Thank you, Ganesh, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I would like to first reflect on the results of the March 
quarter. Then I will provide an update on our acquisition of Silicon Storage Technology. Finally, I will talk about our 
guidance for the June 2010 quarter. 

When reflecting on the March quarter, it is quite clear that we hit the ball out of the ballpark. I want to thank the entire 
Microchip team for delivering an outstanding quarter in every respect. We made more records in the last quarter than 
we have in a long time. We achieved records in microcontroller sales, 16-bit microcontroller sales, 32-bit 
microcontroller sales, and analog product sales. 

We also achieved a record non-GAAP gross margin percentage, record non-GAAP operating profit dollars, and record 
non-GAAP EPS. All these numbers are exceeded by a wide margin of original guidance, as well as our positively 
revised guidance for the quarter. It's also the first time ever that we have achieved four consecutive quarters with over 
10% sequential growth in net sales. We have now been profitable for 78 consecutive quarters, and the June quarter will 
be our 79th. 

I also wanted to highlight the comparison to SIA numbers that were recently released. While Microchip does not 
participate in SIA and short-term SIA numbers are often suspect, many of the investors and analysts follow those 
numbers. Based on SIA data, March quarter 2010 industry sales for 8- plus 16-bit microcontrollers were up 2.3% 
sequentially. Microchip's 8- plus 16-bit sales for March quarter were up 10.2% sequentially, showing significant 
market share gains. 

Next, I would like to discuss the seven major drivers of growth for Microchip. First is our multi-year demand creation 
program in which we added 28% additional sales and applications personnel three and a half years ago. And then we 
retained them through the global financial crisis of last year. They have created a steady stream of new customers and 
new design wins that are turning to production, adding to our growth. 

Number two, we have an industry-leading design engineering awareness of our 8-, 16- and 32-bit microcontroller 
solutions; in survey after survey of our 8-, 16- and 32-bit microcontrollers ranked at or near the top of choice by 
designers for microcontrollers of similar features and functionality. 

Number three, we have significantly expanded our served available market with the introduction of over 400 new 
products in the last three years, covering several key thrust areas like extreme low power, touch sense, USB interface, 
advanced graphics, high-performance analog, ethernet connectivity, RF connectivity, motor control, and digital power 
supply. Our 16-bit microcontroller portfolio now stands at 213 products, and our 32-bit microcontroller portfolio now 
stands at 34 products. 

Number four, our analog business is growing and gaining market share. We are gaining by attaching analog to our 
microcontroller applications, as well as embedding analog functionality on the microcontroller die. We also gaining 
traction in the embedded control market where the microcontroller may not be ours. And we also gaining momentum 
with our analog products outside of the embedded control market. Our analog business in the March quarter was up 
92% from the same quarter a year ago. 

Number five, we're gaining share from large but still financially strapped competitors. Number six, we're gaining share 
by maintaining the shortest lead time on our products in the industry. Many customers who were marooned by the 
lengthy lead time of our competitors are turning to Microchip for relief. History shows that we're able to keep many of 


these customers even when the competitive supply returns, and we usually maintain their design position moving 
forward. And number seven, we believe that the acquisition of Silicon Storage Technology will be substantially 
accretive and add to our revenue as well as earnings. 

One concern that investors have is about inventory. Our internal inventory went down by two days, and our distribution 
inventory went up one day last quarter. Microchip's inventories plus our distributor inventories combined are on the 
lower end of historical days of sales. We have always differentiated ourselves from the competition by maintaining 
short lead time. If we could say anything about inventory, our inventory at Microchip is lower than we would ideally 
like. We are continuing to make the necessary investments to bring inventories in line with customer needs and 
maintain the best lead times in the industry. 

I will now give you an update about our acquisition of Silicon Storage Technology. Microchip completed the 
acquisition of SST on April 8, 2010. After all the drama around the bidding process, in the end, 91% of the shares who 
voted were voted in favor of Microchip acquiring SST. 

After closing the deal, we moved quickly to identify the core and non-core assets of SST. We have slated the licensing 
business and 8051 microcontroller business as the core aspects of the company, and the results from these operations 
will be reported in our results from continuing operations. 

NAND drive, NAND controllers, smartcard business, and Wi-Fi PA businesses of SST have all been slated as non-core 
businesses and are assets held for sale. The results from these businesses will be reported in our results from 
discontinued operations until they are sold. 

We are currently in active negotiations with parties on the sale of some of these business units. The NOR flash memory 
business has several segments in it like serial flash, parallel flash, combo memory, and specialty memory. Microchip 
will hold this entire business in its revenue as an asset held for sale, and report its results in our discontinued operations 
as we rationalize the various pieces. 

We are in active negotiation with a couple of parties on the sale of some of these segments. The R&D expenses 
associated with memory business are critical to developing the technology and then generating the licensing revenue. 

Therefore, the R&D expenses of the memory business will be associated with the licensing segment and will be 
reported in our continuing operations as operating expenses. 

Overall, the acquisition of SST will be accretive to Microchip's non-GAAP earnings starting the June quarter by about 
$0.03 per share. We expect that the acquisition will be accretive to our non-GAAP earnings for the full fiscal year '11 
by about 0.14 to $0.18 per share. 

I will now move to provide guidance for June, 2010, quarter. First I will provide guidance for Microchip's standalone 
business without SST. Microchip's book-to-bill ratio for March quarter was 1.36 and we started the June quarter with 
an all-time record high backlog and this measure is by a wide margin. 

The bookings rate so far in the quarter has been exceptionally strong, considering all that we expect our net sales for the 
June quarter to be approximately $300 million, or up about 8% sequentially, above what normal seasonality is for our 
business. 

We expect our non-GAAP gross margin to be between 61.75 and 62%, which will be another all-time record, and we 
expect our GAAP gross margin to be between 60.95% and 61.2%, and that is without the SST numbers. 

Regarding earnings per share for the June quarter, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be approximately $0.49, 
and we expect the GAAP earnings per share to be about $0.43, and that's again without the SST numbers. 

Now I will provide guidance for the SST portion of the business. We expect revenue from continuing businesses, which 
are licensing in 8051 microcontrollers, to be about $18 million. Gross margins and expenses related to continuing 
businesses versus assets held for sale are still a bit fluid. But we expect that the continuing business will generate about 
$0.03 of non-GAAP earnings per share. The assets held for sale will be reported as a single line which will say income 


or loss from discontinued operations. We expect that the operating results from the asset held for sale or discontinued 
operations will be moderately profitable in the June quarter but will not be reflected in our non-GAAP results. 

When we consolidate the results from Microchip and SST, we expect net sales in the June quarter to be approximately 
$318 million, blended non-GAAP gross margin is expected to be about 63.3 to 63.6%, and non-GAAP earnings per 
share is expected to be about $0.52. 

It is difficult to give GAAP guidance because GAAP guidance involves the valuation allocation to various business 
segments, and the purchase inventory of SST. This valuation has not yet been completed. As the purchase inventory of 
SST is shipped, GAAP accounting awards essentially zero gross margins to those sales until the inventory is replaced. 

There will also be a valuation allocation to intangible assets, the amortization of which will impact cost of goods sold, 
and operating expenses on a GAAP basis in the future periods. So given all the complications of accounting for a large 
acquisition like many other companies have done, Microchip will provide guidance and track its results on non-GAAP 
basis. 

We will still report GAAP results, but we believe that non-GAAP results will provide more meaningful comparison to 
prior quarters and we will request that analysts report the non-GAAP estimates to First Call. 

With that operator, will you please poll for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Congratulations. Steve, I was wondering if you could go back to 
book-to-bill on the March quarter of 1.36. I guess given your lead times being relatively short vis-à-vis the competition, 
how do you read into that book to bill? And clearly you're guiding revenue growth significantly below where the 
bookings growth is. I'm just trying to get a sense of the deliveries around the bookings you received in the March 
quarter. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, the book-to-bill ratio as we calculate 
is total bookings received divided by the billings in the quarter. And some of those bookings don't age in the quarter. 
But the billings are all for the current quarter. So some of the bookings we received in the March quarter aged outside 
of the quarter and aged into April, May, June, and even beyond. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Can you give us a percentage, Steve? Or could we just figure it out from the revenue growth that 
you're projecting for the June quarter? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well so, book-to-bill ratio was 1.36, and we 
started the June quarter with a very, very strong backlog, significantly above the backlog we started for the prior 
quarter, so large number of bookings were in the quarter. But a fair amount of bookings were even outside of that 
quarter. 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer>: John, if you're trying to reconcile 
the lead times, customers respond to overall broad lead times. They're not trying to place lead times specific to 
Microchip versus saying, everybody's lead times, if you look in general, they're seeing very long lead times. And so 
they place all the orders at the same time. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Yeah. So when a customer sits down with a 
bill of material for a given design, lead times are all over the place. They don't really differentiate as much. They place 
the whole kit. 


<Q - John Pitzer>: Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess as a follow-up, just on the analog business, you talked 
about attached versus -- and embedded analog sales, versus kind of standalone. I'm curious, when you look at your 
analog business, how much of it do you think is being pulled through by your microchip – microcontroller business, 
versus kind of standalone analog sales? And I guess as your analog peers start to grow capacity, how susceptible is that 
part that's not being pulled along by the microcontroller? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well I mean, we have very successfully 
competed with all these guys for years. It's not really a current phenomenon. And our analog business was $40 million 
or so in 2001 and has grown significantly. So we're doing very, very well against – head on with competitors with 
many innovative products and best in class products. 

Every year one or two microcontrollers -- Microchip's analog products have been named as finalists among EDMs and 
others, so there is really no issue there. All of our nearly 90% plus of our microcontrollers have large amount of analog 
functionality on it. So when we approach the customer, we approach with the whole package. 

And customer makes a decision whether he wants a voltage supervisor, use the embedded supervisor on the 
microcontroller or he needs a standalone part. And customers basically kind of need both kind. So I don't really see that 
as an issue at all. It's not capacity issue. These are design wins. 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer>: Analog designs tend to be very 
proprietary. There's no switching back and forth that goes on. So we're not concerned about capacity from somebody 
else eroding our analog business. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Steve, just so I'm clear. You said that 90% of your microcontrollers have some analog. I'm curious 
just kind of curious when you look at the way you guys define the analog bucket, how much of that is being driven by 
microcontroller sales versus just kind of a standalone, analog part that you're providing to a customer? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: I confuse you. The analog revenue that 
Ganesh reported is pure standalone analog in direct competition with Linear, Maxim, TI and others. The analog which 
is on a microcontroller die is reported in our microcontroller number as is for everybody else. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Perfect. Makes sense. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Good afternoon, thank you very much. You're essentially buying SST, you're buying the IP 
portion with a small amount in the microcontrollers. Roughly -- you've said before like roughly 10% of Microchip's 
revenue is foundry. What is so critical if you can give us on a strategic basis of why you're buying this IP if you will? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, number one, the licensing is very 
profitable business. There are 4 billion plus microcontrollers a year being built on SSTs technology. And Microchip 
was also already using SSTs technology in some foundries. Being the owners of SST, now it gives us an access to 
much broader base of tools instead of SST much more advanced technology capability, many more foundry options, 
much more IP end blocks and others. And then the 8051 microcontroller business you talked about, and there are -we're 
further continuing to evaluate all the technologies' implications in Microchip's memory business as well as 
getting advance access to Microchip's advanced microcontrollers. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Okay. And a couple of follow-ups from that. On this -- on the IP, will you continue to work 
with Grace and Powerchip now that essentially you're not running any revenues through them? Or will you port it over 
to your own existing foundry partners? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, I really shouldn't answer specific 
questions about specific companies. But I can say in general that none of SST's revenue will be ported over to 


Microchip's fabs. Our fabs are not very, very leading edge technologies that SST is using. So we'll largely use SST's 
revenue from the foundries. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Okay. And my last question is on R&D and the OpEx, how much, proportionally -- you 
don't have to tell me what it is -- of the OpEx is R&D, engineering teams that are being brought over from SST? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Brought over where? 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: From SST, you know, for the OpEx guidance that you've given just for SST in the June 
quarter. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Yeah 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: What proportion of that is R&D related? S in other words, the engineering team you're 
bringing over with you or some of the engineering team you're bringing with you. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, a large portion of the engineering 
team which is the memory design team, technology team, licensing team, so essentially all of it. The ones that we have 
not included are – would be the NAND drive and the Wi-Fi PA, those assets held for sale. All the balance of the 
memory and licensing engineering team is being reported above the line. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Oh great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Go next John Barton with Cowen. Mr. Barton, your line's open. Please check your mute button. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thank you. Steve, you talked about assisting marooned customers. Outside of memory for the 
most part, the product line is certainly proprietary. Are you insinuating that actually you have customers going out and 
redesigning boards to use your microcontrollers because of other people's extended lead times? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Absolutely. Ganesh will expand on it. 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah, in multiple cases for 
customers faced with a choice of not getting product for five, six, seven months, depending on what the length is, 
necessity is the mother of invention and people will work to make conversions happen. We are helping those customers 
with our resources to effect those conversions, and we have seen such customers not only do the work, but actually 
convert and go to production with our products. 

<Q - John Barton>: And back on the SST licensing business, what percentage of the current revenues are related to 
microcontrollers, from a SAN perspective, how much of it's microcontrollers? And really where I'm really going with 
the question is, how do you think your competitors are going to feel continuing a license arrangement, being the fact 
that you are a competitor? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, I can't break that down much because 
it's proprietary. But essentially we have firewalled the licensing business, the information inside, which is the 
competitive information. So that information is not available to Microchip's microcontroller operations regarding what 
competitors are working on, how much is the licensing fee per competitor, things like that. So it's a separate division, 
it's been firewalled. But Microchip has access to advanced technologies and foundries significantly ahead of time than 
we had before. And we have the knowledge of what SST's advanced memory cells are, and we can choose to take any 
one of those and try to implement it in one of the foundry and accelerate a microcontroller program, which we intend to 
do. But in doing so, we don't use any of our competition's information. We only use SST's information in taking their 
advanced cells. 

<Q - John Barton>: You think that 



<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: So it's largely been okay. We wrote a letter 
to all the competitors after we bought it, and I feel largely their concerns have been satisfied but some probably will 
linger on. It happens in the industry. Microsoft does business with its competitors, Cisco does business with its 
competitors, and other people do business with their competitors. This happens all the time. We did business with 
Motorola when Freescale was part of Motorola. We have done business with TI system groups when they are part of 
TI. We did business with Philips when NXP was part of them, we sell it to Japanese when they had large houses. We 
do business with Samsung, we compete with them in Samsung microcontrollers. So it's really, in a way I don't think it's 
an issue. And some competitors will take it as an issue, but I think it can be managed. 

<Q - John Barton>: And last question if I could. Last November you came out certainly earlier than most talking 
about a very strong 2010. And your statements if anything have turned out to be too conservative. I was just curious 
what you're thinking for six quarters out now. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, I'm trying to execute the wonderful 
opportunity we have in these quarters, and not thinking six quarters out. But you're absolutely correct. It was hard to get 
people to pay attention to what we were forecasting, and we were only conservative. And I said that back then, that we 
were being conservative, actually. 

<Q - John Barton>: So no stab at a similar forecast? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: No, not right now. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thank you, Steve. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Next to James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if we could return to the 
lead-time question for a minute. You talked about your lead times being substantially lower than the rest of the 
industry. Could you quantify your lead times and what change they saw in the quarter? Did they go up, down, or stay 
constant? And then maybe if you could quantify just roughly any kind of revenue amount you think you're capturing 
from other competitors because they have longer lead times and can't deliver. 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer>: Some of that information is not 
necessarily public information we want to have. But I'll tell you that our lead times range between eight and 12 weeks, 
it's a little longer in the memory products, it's a little shorter on the microcontroller products and the analog products. 
And the exact lead time is a function of what package product combination it is and it's in that range. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay. Fair enough. And then maybe just a follow-up on the dynamics in the microcontroller 
market itself. With respect to pricing, obviously, I think pricing seems to be pretty benign. But when we get to more 
normal pricing dynamics as things settle out, what do you expect to see in the 8- versus 16- versus 32-bit markets? 
What's the premium you expect to be able to command on 16 versus 8 and 32 versus 16 in the future? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: We don't really discuss our pricing 
strategies with anybody. That's where we're good at, it reflects in our margin. So we don't want you to understand that. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Sumit Dhanda with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 


<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Yes hi, a couple of questions. First on the European business up 22%. Was it more than just 
having more working days in the first calendar quarter that contributed to it? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So what we indicated, Sumit, was that 
obviously it is the largest working day quarter or shipping day quarter in that channel. But all of our geographies 
performed above and beyond what is seasonal strength. So Europe was no different, being up 22%. I think if you look 
back at history, that's going to be the largest percentage growth that we've seen out of Europe for many, many years and 
maybe all time. I'd have to go back and look at that specifically. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Europe's strongest quarter. So – and we did 
even better than that. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: And was it pretty broad-based across your markets, or you don't have that level of granularity? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Pretty much as we look at the straight-up 
distributors and direct customers and by country, it was strong all over. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. And then just a quick question on the licensing piece, the 18 million that you're guiding 
to. Is substantially all of it licensing revenue, or could you break out that piece, versus the 8051 business? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: We are not willing to provide much 
information on that yet. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay, that's all I had. Thank you. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Go next to Kevin Cassidy, Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a great quarter. I was just wondering with 
the growth of the 16-bit and 32-bit and as that becomes a more significant part of your business, is there a higher attach 
rate with analog to those products? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Absolutely. That's absolutely true. There is 
a significant higher analog content around the applications that are using 16-bit and even more which are using 32-bit. 
So as our mix migrates upward, we're seeing increasing amount of analog opportunities. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay, great. And as these -- again, as these markets grow for you, do you expect it will change 
your, I guess, quarterly seasonality? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well seasonality -- we don't even know 
what seasonality is right now. There used to be a seasonality and then the crash of the late 2008 and then just the hyper 
recovery of 2009, we don't really know. And so much of the business geography-wise now -- Asia is much larger 
portion of the business than U.S. and Europe is. And I think it has to be re-established over the next couple of years. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay. Thanks for taking my question. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Welcome. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Gil Alexandre with Darphil. 

<Q - Gilbert Alexandre>: Congratulations. 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Thank you. 

<Q - Gilbert Alexandre>: With your acquisition, is it too early to ask you what your new gross margin targets are? 
Should we assume that they should be at least 63%? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, it's certainly north of 60, it's in the 
range that we have guided before. With the large amount of licensing business, there's probably some attrition in it. 
And then the rest is this rationalization, what sorts out and what stays, and so it's really quite fluid. Remember, we've 
been in it for only 3.5 weeks. 

<Q - Gilbert Alexandre>: I know, that's why I said 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: It's kind of early. But as we said before, 
when we announced the acquisition, that we feel that we will get SST to Microchip's business model. And after three 
and a half weeks, I can tell you emphatically that we can very, very safely get back to Microchip business model. I 
don't know exactly what the revenue would be and because all these pieces that we are selling and some stay, some go, 
and as we're rationalizing it. So just give us some more time on that. 

<Q - Gilbert Alexandre>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We will go next to Chris Danely with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Thanks. Close enough. Hey Steve, as you guys continue to integrate SST, I know you 
don't want to give a gross margin target, but can you just maybe give us a sense of what the margin levers would be on 
both a gross and an operating side as we continue to go through the recovery here. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, the levers inside of Microchip or 
including SST, or... 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: It would be great if you could talk about including SST. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Yeah. So, levers clearly we believe we can 
achieve substantial cost reduction on a fair number of products inside of SST because they are completely -- we're not 
bringing their fab products in as I mentioned earlier. But there are possibilities of reducing costs in assembly and test 
with the help of Microchip. We have substantial infrastructure at Microchip on various different things. So there are 
some consolidations where we will gain some. We're also expediting a number of shanks, so currently SST is spending 
a fair amount of investment really in assets which we consider non-core assets. So as we are able to dispose them in the 
next six months or so, and I'm in active negotiations with many buyers, and as we completely focus our energy on cost 
reduction of the existing products, we believe we can substantially improve their gross margins. We also see broader 
possibilities in the licensing business beyond what we've been able to do so far. 

So I think I see revenue levers, I see operating expense leverage, I see gross margin, but when I look at all these factors, 
the company is kind of break-even plus, only slightly profitable. So we're saying, why not get it to a 35, 36% type of 
profitability. That's a huge improvement. 

If you're looking at the levers we'll be total get it better than what we were before, I think you're asking for a lot. But 
what we said before was we can get it to Microchip's operating model and right now we believe we can and maybe 
overall slightly better. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: And just to clarify, you think you can get rid of those discontinued operations in about six 
months? 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, six to nine months and it's just a 
guess. It can happen faster, depending on if the deals I am working on right now pan out, it may take longer to re-begin. 
And so these things are unpredictable. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Sure. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: But certainly it would be all done by going 
out of the calendar year. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great. And as my follow-up, when do you think it will be profitable on a GAAP basis, the 
consolidated? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, you know, GAAP account, you take 
the inventory that you buy and then when you sell it, you get zero gross margin. So you have to really sell out all the 
inventory and replenish and get new inventory to get that. Secondly, all the valuation allowances and all have to be 
done to really figure out what is GAAP doing. GAAP is really difficult on the accounting of any purchased businesses. 

That's why as we see many large companies when they buy large business usually you look at the business in 
non-GAAP terms, that's the only way you can understand it. Otherwise you're taking all these intangible, amortization, 
inventory charges and other stuff, which are really non-cash, all of them. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Okay. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: If you want to try to understand our 
business, we recommend that you look at non-GAAP. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Yeah. So probably six to nine months then on a GAAP basis? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well... 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We don't know yet, Chris because the 
valuation hasn't been completed yet. There's a lot of moving parts at this point. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Yeah. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Okay. That's fine. Thanks. 

Operator 

Go next to Terence Whalen with Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hi, two questions. The first one is, Steve, I think you mentioned you're investing aggressively 
in capacity to maintain the lead-time advantage. Can you give us an understanding of – in terms of dollar revenue 
capacity how much you're adding over the next couple quarters? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: I don't think we can do that. But we're 
looking at adding close to $90 million in this year in capital, right? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: In the fiscal year '11. It's fairly front-end 
loaded because a lot of the constraints are now -- our revenue guidance would be better if there were no constraints and 
lead times are even shorter. Even though we've given strong guidance of about 8%, it would have even been better. 

So some of the capacity is front-end loaded in the June quarter so we can put the capacity in place and really have even 
stronger output in the following quarter and beyond. But I don't think we are able to do that, really turn that into 
revenue capacity terms. 


<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. And then as a follow-up question, I just wanted to verify my math was correct. So on 
the 18 million incremental SST, if I use the mid-points of your non-GAAP operating margin, you're implying a 90% 
gross margin on that business, is that the correct gross margin to assume going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Well, that is correct from the business we 
have currently characterized above the line you know, which is large amount of it is licensing and a small amount of 
8051. But there's a large amount of revenue which is below the line, which is still being rationalized, pieces being sold, 
pieces being discontinued and that's still a fluid situation. So longer term the numbers could move a little bit. Longer 
term as the other pieces grow, some of the other pieces we want to keep, that margin you have above the line of 90% 
may not stay 90. But we believe that the overall gross margin for Microchip combined with SST would still be in that 
62, 63 range. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. Thanks and congratulations. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Raymond Rund with Shaker Investments. 

<Q - Raymond Rund>: Thank you for taking my question. I'm just curious, you're keeping the SST 8051 business, 
and I'm wondering if -- are there any special capabilities of their products that interested you, or are these pretty much 
plain vanilla 8051s? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: You know, it came with SST purchase. You 
know, we didn't have a choice not to take it. And it's profitable. It makes good gross margin. So we decided to keep it. 
It's just that simple. There is not a new investment going in. We're not designing new products. You know, I haven't 
spent much time on it in three and a half weeks. But we'll study it more. If we see further opportunity, there are things 
we can do with it. But right now is just running the product line and milking it and it's very profitable. 

<Q - Raymond Rund>: I see. I know that some of your competitors who have kind of souped-up versions of the 8051 
sell it for mixed signal applications and for specialty applications that need kind of a fast processor. Do you see that 
becoming a part of your product line of the 8051, or are you going to pretty much keep it at the 40 or the 33-megahertz 
type of speed range? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: I'm not going to signal any strategy of what 
we might do. 

<Q - Raymond Rund>: Okay. Thank you very much, Steve. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

We have no further questions at this time in the queue. We'd like to turn the conference back to the speakers for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Steve Sanghi, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Okay. Thank you, everybody, for joining us. And we'll see some of you on the road as we attend some conferences this 
quarter. Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may 
disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


