Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President 
• Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Romit Shah 
• John Barton 
• Christopher Danely 
• Brendan Furlong 
• Ian Ing 
• John Pitzer 
• Kevin Cassidy 
• Ruben Roy 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to this Microchip Technology Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2009 Financial 
Results Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to 
Microchip's Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Eric Bjornholt. Please go ahead, sir. 

J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Good afternoon, everyone. During the course of this conference call, we will be making projections and other 
forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company. We wish to 
caution you that such statements are predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to 
our press release of today, as well as our 10-K for the fiscal year-ended March 31, 2008, and our 8-K current reports 
that we have filed with the SEC that identify important risk factors that may impact Microchip's business and results of 
operations. 

In attendance with me today are Steve Sanghi, Microchips' President and CEO; Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice 
President and Gordon Parnell, Vice President, Business Development and Investor Relations. Steve is traveling in 
Europe this week and is participating in this conference call from the UK. 

I will comment on our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 financial performance. Then Steve and Ganesh will then give 
their comments on the results, discuss the current business environment, discuss our internal plans for the June quarter, 
and update other pertinent matters regarding our business. We will then be available to respond to specific investor and 
analyst questions. 

Net sales for the March quarter were 173.3 million, down approximately 9.8% from net sales of 192.2 million in the 
immediately preceding quarter, and down approximately 33.5% from net sales of 260.4 million in the prior year's 
fourth quarter. Net sales for fiscal 2009 were 903.3 million, down approximately 12.8% from the fiscal 2008 levels. 


We are continuing to include information on our press release on various GAAP and non-GAAP measures. 
Management believes that the non-GAAP measures are useful to investors, because they enhance the understanding of 
our historical financial performance and comparability between periods. Non-GAAP results in fiscal 2009 and fiscal 
2008 exclude share-based compensation expense, gains and losses on trading securities, non-recurring tax events, an 
acquisition of a patent portfolio license, the sale of Fab 3 and acquisition-related expenses. We have posted the full 
GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation on our Investor Relations page on our website at www.microchip.com, which we 
believe you will find useful when comparing GAAP and non-GAAP results. 

Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009 was 27.9 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, a 
decrease of 32.2% from non-GAAP net income of 41.2 million, or $0.23 per diluted share in the immediately preceding 
quarter, and down 64.8% from non-GAAP net income of 79.2 million, or $0.42 per diluted share in the prior year's 
fourth quarter. 

GAAP earnings per share for the March quarter were $0.12 per diluted share, but after tax impact on the March 
quarterly earnings that have been excluded from our non-GAAP results on an after-tax basis include 7.2 million in 
share-based compensation expense, 7.4 million in gains from trading securities, a $3.6 million cost associated with the 
acquisition of a patent portfolio license and a 1.7 million in charges associated with our acquisition activities. 

For fiscal 2009, non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.27, compared to $1.57 in fiscal 2008. GAAP earnings per share 
were $1.33 for fiscal 2009, compared to $1.40 for fiscal 2008, and include on an after-tax basis, 27.2 million in 
share-based compensation, 4.5 million in losses on trading securities, a $3.6 million cost associated with an acquisition 
of a patent portfolio license, 2.4 million in acquisition-related expenses and 51.3 million in benefits from various tax 
matters. 

On a geographic basis, revenue in the Americas was down 7% in the March quarter. Europe was up 1.2% and Asia was 
down 18.1%. Asia continues to be our largest geography, representing approximately 41.9% of total sales. Revenues 
from Europe represent 30.9% of our business and the Americas is the balance at 27.2% of total sales. These 
measurements are based on where the product is delivered for manufacturing purposes for our customers, but does not 
necessarily represent where the design activity is taking place, or where the end product consumption is occurring. 

I will now go through some of the operating results for the March quarter. I'm using gross margin and operating 
expenses information prior to the effect of share-based compensation, acquisition-related expenses and the acquisition 
of a patent portfolio license. Gross margins were 49.3% in the March quarter, compared to 55.2% in the December 
quarter. The quarterly reduction in gross profit margin was primarily driven by costs related to reduced production 
levels at our manufacturing facilities being charged to cost of goods sold during the quarter. During the March quarter, 
we operated our fabs at about 57% of what the peak loading levels were in the September 2008 quarter. 

Total operating expenses were 30% of sales in the March quarter, compared with the prior quarter, which were 29.4% 
of sales. Research and development costs were 22.8 million, representing 13.2% of sales. Sales and general and 
administrative expenses were 29.1 million, representing 16.8% of sales. Operating expenses were reduced by 4.6 
million over the prior quarter levels, and by 18.6 million from the levels in the September 2008 quarter, an overall 
reduction of 26.4% over the two quarters. 

On a full GAAP basis, gross margins, including share-based compensation and amortization of acquisition-related 
intangibles were 48.5%. Total operating expenses were 64.9 million, or 37.5% of sales, and include share-based 
compensation of 6.9 million, acquisition-related expenses of 2.1 million, and a 4 million cost associated with an 
acquisition of a patent portfolio license. 

On a non-GAAP basis, the tax rate for the March quarter was 11%. The GAAP effective tax rate for the March quarter 
was 21.1%. The difference in the GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates was driven primarily from the gains on our trading 
securities being taxed at US rates, versus our overall worldwide effective tax rate. Our tax rate is impacted by the mix 
of geographical profits, and the percentage of our cash that is invested in tax-advantaged securities. The dividend 
declared today of $0.339 per share will be paid on June 5, 2009 to shareholders of record on May 22, 2009. The cash 
payment associated with this dividend will be approximately $62 million. 


Moving on to the balance sheet, inventories on Microchip's books were 131.5 million, representing approximately 134 
days as of the end of March. Inventory on Microchip's balance sheet was reduced by $5 million, or nine days in the 
March quarter. Deferred income on shipments to distributors was 83.9 million, down by 14.5 million from the balance 
in December. At March 31, distributors were holding about 38 days of inventory, compared to 41 days at the end of 
December. With inventory days and dollars declining on our balance sheet and in the distribution channel, we continue 
to make good progress in right sizing our inventory position. 

At March 31, our receivables were 88.5 million, an increase of 10 million, or 12.7% from the balance as of the end of 
December. The increase in receivables is attributable to the back-end nature of shipment activity in the March quarter, 
driven by the Lunar New Year holiday in Asia, compared to a more front-end weighted shipment activity in the 
December quarter. 

We have not experienced any material deterioration in the payment performance from our customers, and believe that 
our receivable balances are in good condition. We continue to closely monitor customer activity to ensure we are 
protecting the receivable assets on our balance sheet, and customer balances beyond terms continue to be at low levels. 

As of March 31, Microchip's cash and total investment position was approximately 1.441 billion, a decrease of 33.2 
million from the December quarter, including 61.7 million dividend payment made in February. There were several 
significant factors driving the reduction in our cash and investment balance during the quarter, including our business 
and patent portfolio acquisition activity. For fiscal 2009, our cash and total investment position decreased by 78.3 
million. During fiscal 2009, Microchip funded $246.7 million of dividends, repurchased 123.9 million in common 
stock, and made three small acquisitions. 

We are confident that our free cash flow can support our current level of dividend payments in fiscal 2010. Capital 
spending was approximately 10.5 million for the March quarter, and 102.4 million for fiscal 2009. Depreciation 
expense for the March quarter was 22.9 million, compared to 23 million in the same quarter last fiscal year, and 23.2 
million in the December quarter. Our fiscal 2010 capital expenditures forecast is currently 15 million, a reduction of 
85.4% from the fiscal 2009 levels. 

One final note relates to Microchip's convertible debt. GAAP after-tax earnings in the quarter-ending June 30, 2009 
will be impacted by approximately 0.9 to 1.2 million from the adoption of FSP APB14-1 accounting for convertible 
debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion. This pronouncement will require us to record non-cash 
interest expense of approximately 1.5 to $2 million in the quarter ended June 30, 2009, which we will exclude from our 
non-GAAP results. Additionally, this FSP will require a portion of the convertible debt on the balance sheet to be 
reclassified to equity, with the remaining debt balance accreting to the 1.15 billion principal amount over the remaining 
life of the convertible, which is more than 28 years. 

I will now ask Ganesh to give his comments on the performance of the business in the March quarter. Ganesh? 

Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President 

Thank you, Eric, and good afternoon, everyone. I will now comment on the individual product lines, and let's start with 
microcontrollers. Reflecting the current challenging macro conditions, our microcontroller business was down 9.5% on 
a sequential basis. Flash microcontrollers represented approximately 78% of our microcontroller business in the March 
quarter. 

About a month ago, Gartner Dataquest released their Microcontroller Market Share report for 2008. For the third 
consecutive year, Microchip retained the number one position for 8-bit microcontrollers. While the overall 8-bit market 
was down 5.4% in 2008, Microchip declined less than the 8-bit market as a whole, reflecting continuing share gains 
against the overall market. Even more impressively, the gap between Microchip and the number two 8-bit competitor 
grew from 19% in 2007 to 25% in 2008. 


Although we don't subscribe to the SIA numbers, we are aware that some investors and analysts do follow the reports. 
For the recently published SIA report, 8-bit plus 16-bit microcontroller revenue for the March 2009 quarter was down 
46%, as compared to the March 2008 quarter. In the same periods, Microchip's microcontroller revenue was down 
33%. So by the SIA data, we outperformed the market over the last year by 13 percentage points. 

As we've explained before, the housing segment led the current global financial crisis. Microchip saw the impact of the 
housing crash starting in 2007, leading some investors and analysts to interpret those events as a weakening of 
Microchip's competitive position, and thus translating to market share loss. As the rest of the industry segments like 
cell phones and PCs have joined in the global financial crisis, Microchip's relative performance is much clearer now. 
Based on the SIA March quarter data, our 8-bit microcontroller market share is in the high-teens, an all-time record 
high market share for Microchip. 

So whether one measures by the SIA yardstick or the Gartner Dataquest yardstick, Microchip's relative performance 
over the last year looks positive, as compared to the overall market. In these difficult times, we are especially humbled 
and gratified that customers continue to vote overwhelmingly that Microchip is their supplier of choice for 
microcontroller solutions. 

While some of our large competitors continue to tout their revenue growth and market share gains, it is illustrative to 
compare this performance against their profitability over an extended period of time. In the 8-bit microcontroller 
market, we estimate that after Microchip at number one, the next profitable competitor is not until one gets to number 
14 in the Gartner Dataquest 2008 rankings. Anyone can grow revenue by selling dollar bills for $0.90. The conscious 
path Microchip has taken is to balance growth and profitability, and avoid the perils of profitless prosperity that some 
of our large competitors seem to revel in. Over time, the markets and our investors have recognized the strength of our 
operating model, but a reminder, particularly in these difficult economic times, helps ensure that our core values are 
being appropriately recognized. 

Moving on to our 16-bit microcontroller business, despite the challenging macro environment, this business performed 
much better comparatively. 16-bit revenue was up 6% sequentially, and was up 21% from the year-ago quarter. New 
customers and new designs going to production continued to help drive growth in the current environment, as the 
number of volume 16-bit customers grew to approximately 1,700. On a fiscal year basis, our fiscal year '09, 16-bit 
microcontroller business was up 43%, as compared to fiscal year '08. 

Our 32-bit microcontroller business in the meanwhile, continues to make good progress. Customer interest remains 
high, and we have a large number of designs incubating across the broad range of customers and applications. The first 
designs are starting to ramp into production, and we expect the 32-bit product line to start contributing to our 
microcontroller revenue in fiscal year '10. 

Two weeks ago, Microchip introduced the industry's lowest-power microcontrollers with our announcement of 
nanoWatt XLP, standing for extreme low-power, microcontrollers. The combination of high functionality and low 
power offered by Microchip is unparalleled among microcontroller suppliers, and capitalizes on an increasing trend of 
battery-powered and power-constrained applications. 

Microchip also continues to make significant strides in establishing our leadership in the growing area of user-interface 
solutions for the embedded marketplace. Our capacitive and inductive touch-sensing solutions, introduced within the 
last two years, are now designed into over 100 customer applications. The acquisition of Hampshire Company, a leader 
in the touch screen controller market back in October 2008 has enabled us to tap into a growing trend of touch screens 
in embedded applications. We are excited by the market interest, the customer acceptance, and design win momentum 
of our broad range of user interface solutions, and their potential for growth. 

Moving to development tools, we shipped 33,514 development tools in the March quarter, the highest number of tools 
we have ever shipped in a fiscal fourth quarter. In fiscal year '09, we shipped 136,531 development tools, 17% higher 
than what we shipped in fiscal year '08. Even in these challenging business conditions, we see no slowdown from our 
customers in their designing activity, reflecting their continued desire to differentiate their end products to extract 
themselves out of this recession, which should all bode well for future growth. 


In February, Microchip acquired HI-TECH Software, a world-class provider of development tools that is based in 
Brisbane, Australia. The HI-TECH acquisition extends Microchip's leadership in compiler technology, and offers our 
customers the benefit of highly-efficient, industry-leading code density for our microcontrollers. 

Let's now move to our analog products. Our analog business was down 13% sequentially. On a fiscal year basis, our 
fiscal year '09 analog business was essentially flat, as compared to fiscal year '08, among the very best performances 
for analog businesses over the last year. As per the SIA data, the analog market segments was down 9.6% from April 
'08 to March of '09, while we were flat. So, we continue to gain market share in our analog business, too. 

Late in March, we completed the acquisition of R&E International, a leader in providing innovative solutions for 
security and sensing systems that is based on Norristown, Pennsylvania. The R&E International acquisition 
complements Microchip's existing leadership position, providing both microcontrollers and analog products to security 
and sensing applications, and now enables us to offer an enhanced solution base to a broader range of customers 
worldwide. We expect this acquisition to be immediately accretive to Microchip's non-GAAP earnings. 

Last but not least, our serial e-squared memory products. This business was down 9.5% sequentially. Although market 
conditions were challenging, we continue to run this business in a disciplined fashion that maintains consistent 
profitability and serves our microcontroller customers to complete their solutions. 

Let me now pass it to Steve for some general comments and our guidance for the June quarter. Steve? 

Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Ganesh, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm speaking to you today from London, where I'm visiting our 
customers and distributors getting first-hand impression of the market situation here. Today, I would like to first reflect 
on the results of the March quarter, then I will talk about our internal plan for the June 2009 quarter. 

The March quarter saw a steady improvement in the business environment. Our total backlog bottomed out early in the 
quarter, and then gradually improved through the quarter, albeit at a very slow pace. We provided guidance to our 
investors on March 9, 2009 which was consistent with our internal plans that we had shared back in late January. We 
ended the March quarter very slightly north of the midpoint of our guidance from a revenue standpoint. 

Our earnings per share reached the high-end of guidance, mainly on the strength of excellent cost control on the 
operating expense side. Our worldwide non-manufacturing employees took one week off unpaid, in addition to being 
on a 10% pay-cut and zero bonuses worldwide. On the gross margin front, we came in at 49.3% in non-GAAP gross 
margin versus 50% internal plan. During the quarter, we ran the fabs at 57% utilization, versus the 60% that we had 
guided to. 

The silver lining is that we put the trough of the gross margin behind us in the March quarter. Secondly, our inventory 
came down from a high of 143 days to 134 days at the end of March. The inventory is expected to continue to come 
down in subsequent quarters. 

From a product line perspective, 16-bit microcontrollers turned in a respectable performance being up 6% sequentially, 
and up 21% from a year-ago quarter. The backlog on 16-bit microcontroller is up significantly from last quarter, and 
we expect continuing good growth ahead. At the Embedded Systems Conference a month ago Electronic Design 
Magazine gave our 32-bit product line, the PIC32, the Innovation Award in the microcontroller category for 2008. At 
the same conference, Microchip also won the EE Times ACE Award in the Company of the Year category. 

Reflecting on our fiscal year '09 new product performance, we introduced 125 microcontrollers, analog products, and 
memory products. In addition, we expanded our product portfolio through the acquisition of the Hampshire Company 
for touch screens, HI-TECH in software, and R&E International in the security and sensing area. As you heard from 
Ganesh, we have been introducing industry-leading solutions in the area of extreme low-power capacity with 
touch-sense and inductive touch-sense that are all gaining significant customer traction. By staying invested in the new 
product development during this down cycle, we expect to introduce approximately 150 new products over the next 


year that will offer superior value to our customers. We will also continue to make selective, 'elbow out' type of 
acquisitions that broaden our product portfolio, and can rapidly be accretive to our earnings. 

Now, I will discuss our internal plan for the June quarter. The semiconductor industry is still suffering from the global 
financial crisis. While our starting backlog for the June quarter is higher than our starting backlog loss for the March 
quarter, the visibility is still low relative to a historical basis. Our book-to-bill ratio for March quarter was 1.04, but 
bookings in April were substantially higher than that of January. With that backdrop of mixed indicators, we will 
continue to not provide guidance for the June quarter. We have set our internal plan for revenue for the June quarter at 
$182 million, or up about 5% sequentially. 

Our internal plan for non-GAAP gross margin is about 50%. Our internal plan for non-GAAP earnings per share is 
$0.16. Our plan for GAAP earnings per share is $0.11, and as Eric pointed out, this has about a little less than a penny 
impact, because of the adoption of this new FASB regulation. In both GAAP, as well as non-GAAP earnings, internal 
plan assumes no effect of mark-to-mark considerations on public securities owned. 

Now, reflecting further, our financial results clearly indicate that our business model is working, and it's profitable even 
at the bottom of this deep recession. None of our competitors, including Atmel, STMicro, Cypress, Freescale, NXP 
Semiconductors, Infineon, NEC or Renesas were profitable on an operating basis in the March quarter. And Texas 
Instruments was essentially breakeven. These companies combined lost an astounding 2 billion in the March '09 
quarter. 

During the same quarter, Microchip posted 19.3% operating profit, a testament to the resiliency of our business model, 
the hard work of our employees worldwide, and the competitive advantage of our company culture. We have been 
profitable now for 74 consecutive quarters, and the June quarter will be our 75th. 

We recently heard that NEC and Renesas are combining their operations, and substantial restructuring of the product 
lines, organizations, and factories is expected. Similarly, most of the other competitors that I mentioned are all in the 
mode of significant restructuring. Microchip sees a significantly weakened competitive landscape, in which we are 
boldly making new investments and product lines, people, distributors, and acquisitions. And we see continued market 
share gains ahead. 

And as Ganesh pointed out, the Semiconductor Industry Association data recently released confirmed a record market 
share for Microchip in 8-bit microcontrollers and continued market share gains in both eight and 16-bit 
microcontrollers. 

On the dividends, we have said enough about dividends, and will not continue to belabor the point. We will add, 
though, that we expect the June quarter operating cash flow to come very close to covering the dividend payment. We 
expect fiscal year '10 free cash flow to cover the dividend payment. This will obviously be aided low capital 
expenditures, decreasing inventory, increasing gross margins, and operating margins and growing revenue. 

With that, operator, would you please poll for questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Romit Shah from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. You guys are forecasting gross margin to increase 
modestly in the June quarter. Does that assume – or are you factoring – should we factor in any increase in production 
levels as well? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The gross margin improvement is driven by several 
factors. While the factory utilization in our fabrication facilities is expect to be about the same as we had last quarter, 
because we are still trying to burn off significant amount of inventory. The gross margin improvement is driven by 


increased activity in our back-end operations, where the utilization will increase, continuing richening of our product 
mix, and various other cost reductions quarter-over-quarter that will impact the gross margins. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: And Steve, with inventory days down to around the mid-130s level, where are you in terms of 
right-sizing inventories back to, I guess, your target range? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we have historically said that the right inventory 
was in the 115 days, although with increasing number of line items, with all the analog products, and now 16-bit and 
32-bit products. And the distributors – traditionally carrying lower inventory, the end customers, really at an all-time 
low inventory, one could make the case that even a slightly higher level of inventory would be appropriate. So we are 
at 134. 

With the internal plan we have, it takes us to about another 9, 10 days down to about – to 124 or so at the end of June 
quarter. And we are starting to get in the range. So, we will start to increase production past the June quarter, and then 
bring the rest of the inventory down by another 10 days or so more slowly. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. And then, just a final question from me. You sort of noted that some of your competitors are 
not in great financial health today. Do you think customers are taking note of that, and looking at your offering more 
closely than they might have in the past? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say historically, they didn't care. Historically, 
the customers haven't really cared whether their supplier makes money or not. Because many of the customers in 
various markets, automotive and others themselves don't make money. And – few customers obviously did, but with 
the depth of the financial crisis, and number of companies in various industries going bankrupt and all the money 
squeeze, I'm seeing significant increase in number of customers that are asking those questions, and reviewing our 
balance sheets, and making comments in the meetings with them – regarding how they feel comfortable doing business 
with Microchip. And we got an overtures from customers who are concerned about continuing supply from some other 
customers – from some other competitors. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. And just last question from me. Ganesh, could you give us what 16-bit tool shipments were 
in the quarter, and how many 32-bit products you have? 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: I don't have the 16-bit number off the top of my head. The 32-bit 
products in production, I believe, are at 18. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from John Barton from Cowen. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thank you very much. Steve, if you could just go back to your last response regarding gross 
margins, looking at the June quarter, you talked about fab utilization being basically flat, the back end being up, 
helping gross margins. The delta between those two – do I infer from that you're going to pull stuff out of die bank? Is 
that the difference? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so we own a large back end facility in Thailand 
for assembly and test, and we cut back on the utilization for the assembly and test facility also. And we had number of 
small shutdowns last quarter. In fact, as we speak, just in the last week – leading up to building this kind of internal 
plan, as we see strengthening of the business, we have cancelled one other shutdown in Thailand. 

So when you produce more output, then you have higher utilization, and there is the accretive effect of that in the gross 
margin. And there are other moving parts, quarter-after-quarter, larger portion of the business moves to a newer 
product, shrink product with higher margins, and some other – lots of discretionary expenses that we have taken out. 
Last quarter, which didn't have effect for the full quarter, will have effect for the full quarter this quarter. So it's a 


combination of all that. We're talking 70 basis points target improvement, and it has a lot of moving parts. 

<Q - John Barton>: And just to clarify it a slightly different way, I believe fab utilization remains flat in June. 
Assembly utilization goes up – one would think they're directly correlated, unless you're moving something from a 
contract manufacturer in-house, or again, maybe you're pulling out of a die bank. What I'm really 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're pulling out of a die bank. Yeah. We have a large 

– we keep most of our inventory in die bank. 
<Q - John Barton>: Got it. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So yeah, we're taking inventory down in our pipeline, 
by taking inventory out of the die bank, yes. 

<Q - John Barton>: Understood. You commented about the success of the 16-bit design wins, number of volume 
customers et cetera. Are there any trends there worth highlighting, meaning particular end verticals that you're being 
most successful with, particular applications where you're beating out the competition – or any way we should be 
thinking about that? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Usually we don't really signal that, because we don't 
want to tell the competition where we're winning, but Ganesh, you want to answer that question? 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: Yeah, I think the best way think about it is, the 16-bit business, in 
many ways, resembles our 8-bit business. It is across a broad, broad range of applications. And within that, we have 
some of the best performance 16-bit applications in terms of how well they can operate, how good the code efficiency 
is. So to the extent that our applications that are sensitive to needing higher performance, needing good code efficiency, 
we're able to easily win those out. And they compete quite well with the whole broad range of both 16-bit and some of 
the low end of the 32-bit product lines as well. So I can't pick a single application as leading the growth. It's really 
across a broad range of both customers and applications. 

<Q - John Barton>: Last question. On the M&A front, you talked about using that as a strategic front, so to speak, as 
some of other competitors are challenged, et cetera. How should we think about potential magnitude and direction of 
your M&A activity? I mean, could we potentially see 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Our M&A activity, what I call internally here is 'elbow 
out' strategy. After really being unsuccessful in trying to buy a large company, Atmel, that we abandoned back in 
February, the new strategy we're on is really for a – elbow out. And these are very small bite-size acquisitions, trivial in 
terms of the revenue contribution on the size of Microchip. Many of them are just a few million dollars, single-digit. 
But they have significant capability, sometimes in a narrow market, it could be they're touch-sense or security and 
sensing, one in the case of compiler and so – these are really all these small acquisitions which allow us to sort of 
elbow out where we are the microcontroller and they're the things occupying next to our microcontroller, either a 
front-end analog chip, or a better compiler capability, or some other touch screen kind of capability, and we simply 
elbow out into adjoining spaces where our parts are already being used, and we build up really strength. So that's sort of 
the strategy we're on right now. So these are not sizeable acquisitions, but they're going to be several small ones. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Chris Danely from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Thanks, guys. How much of the revenue increase that you're seeing in the June quarter do 
you think is increased demand versus some inventory replenishment out there? 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I don't know what the difference is, Chris. I think 
it's little bit of both. The run rates went down certainly lower than the actual demand, which always happens in an 
inventory correction environment. So some of that is bounceback, but I think where the growth is coming from is really 
all Asia. 

We expect our Europe business to be down further this quarter from last quarter. Out of the three geographies, Europe 
has the most economic challenges. We're looking at US business being flattish to up maybe just a little bit, and most of 
the growth is really coming out of Asia. China has done a marvelous job in their stimulus plan. I mean, they're taking 
empty factories and building stuff, building brown goods, white goods, and discounting them and selling them to the 
rural communities, and taking these capabilities to the farmers, Internet to TVs to refrigerators to metering, and all that. 

And we are participating in that significantly so we're really seeing real gross domestic product going up in China 
through their stimulus package. Obviously, in US, the brighter minds have chosen to do something different, and its 
impact is not yet understood yet. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great. And then, on these – this flurry of acquisitions you guys did, is there any change to 
the microchip long-term business model in terms of your gross margin or operating margin or operating expenditure 
goals and target? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, these acquisitions are very small. Like I said, these 
are – some of these are low single-digit sort of annual revenue, and you're talking about a few people, handful of 
people, eight, 10, 12. So, they don't really move the needle, but they give us a significant capability on which we, 
embedded into our products, we can really grow that quite substantially over the years. 

Over the years, we have developed – a lot of those capabilities are self-pictured which are still revenues for us today. 
And we continue to do so, but on such a large revenue, we just need more tentacles, and so we are using that capability 
to acquire additional capability, but they don't – they're not really the model movers. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Great. And that leads into my last question. So, given that we're coming out the bottom 
here, and hopefully things steadily improve in the second half of the year, how would you expect your operating 
expenditures and your gross margins to trend after the June quarter? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, our gross margin should continue to increase. So, 
like I said, if we – if you get to like a 124, 125 kind of inventory days at the end of June quarter, which is quite likely 
here, you are really within the striking range. If we run the factory at the current utilization, then in the following 
quarter we'll be below 115. And it's really almost really corrected, so we have to significantly start increasing 
production here, maybe late part of this quarter into the next quarter. 

So, that will have very accretive effect on the gross margins. And, same thing would be in the back end, continue to 
really – have to produce more product – we burned down the inventories – so, that will again, have accretive effect. In 
terms of the operating expenses, what we have said is that the operating expenses should very much track as a 
percentage of revenue to where we are today. We have taken operating expenses down about 25 to 27%. I think – 
what's the exact number right now? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I believe it's 26.9. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so 27%, we've taken it down, and we have done 
that all really through cutting the pay, removing the bonuses, moving other discretionary expenses, and the intent of 
that is so our worldwide sales force, product development teams stay deployed. So, we're going to produce 
substantially larger number of new products, compared to competitors who are laying off lots of people. We're calling 
on record number of customers, our salespeople, application people have engaged, winning new designs, filling up the 
funnel – because getting bigger and bigger. And this result would be that we'll get good growth out in time. 

However, as we start to get that growth, we have to pay these people back with our gratitude, with extreme thanks, 
because everybody in Microchip, on the average – lots of these people I'm talking to are on 20, 25% pay cut, if you 
combine the combination of a 10% pay cut, plus we didn't allow their bonuses and no 401(k) matching and all that. 


And I'll be glad to give them that money back, not the past money back, but to really reverse their pay back to normal, 
with my extreme gratitude. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: And so none of these OpEx cuts are going to come back, I guess, inside the September 
quarter? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, no – you shouldn't expect that we will lift a finger 
up, and let them come back faster than the growth of the revenue. So what you should expect is that about 30% 
operating expenses, which we roughly are now, that kind of operating expense percentage should continue. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: And then, Eric, do you guys have any figure or estimate for your incremental gross 
margin after the June quarter? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. It really depends on what the shape of that 
revenue curve is going to be. So, we won't guide on that until we guide for the September quarter. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Okay. Thank you very much, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Brendan Furlong from Miller Tabak. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Good afternoon, thank you. Couple of quick questions on the – kind of going back to the 
gross margin, the out-performance of the 16-bit in the March quarter, did that help your blended gross margin in the 
quarter? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: By product line, within the microcontroller, the gross 
margin doesn't move much. Don't make the automatic assumption that 16-bit makes higher-margin than 8-bit, and 
32-bit makes higher margin than 16-bit. If that was to be the case, all these leaders in the 32-bit micro, Freescale on 
down, would be very, very profitable. 

These higher end micros are much more complex, they are larger die sizes, bigger packages, and more complex 
technology. So their cost is higher, and their ASPs are higher, but the margin profile business model we're shooting for 
is roughly equivalent. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Okay. And then, on the things that are over there in Europe, what are your – customers 
you're visiting, I know obviously, right now the industrial and auto markets are the weakest place – in end markets and 
globally, what are they saying about six months from now? Do they think they'll be out of this? Three months from 
now, six months from now? Thank you. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, the more customers and distributors you 
talk to, the more varied opinion you'll get, and Europe is still not a monolith, it's not like the US. I got slightly different 
answers from Germany, versus UK, versus France, versus Italy, versus Norway, versus Russia. But they're all down – 
nobody's up – they're all down, all market segments are down. 

And Europe is – continues – Europe takes longer to take actions usually. It's just that, because they're all not one 
country, and they can't make decisions and interest rates as quickly as we can make in US, as quickly as they can make 
it in China. So, we are seeing the effect of stimulus packages to be best in China. US comes much further down, and 
Europe, I think, has just barely begun. So I think it will take a while. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to Douglas Freedman from Broadpoint. 


<Q - Ian Ing>: Hi, it's Ian Ing for Doug Freedman. Thanks for taking my question. I'm wondering if you can provide 
more color on the opportunity to take share in the landscape. You mentioned that – Renesas being acquired by NEC. 
However, these two very large companies do have a lot of internal customers, like the Hitachis and Mitsubishis and 
NECs. What sort of target markets would you go after? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Ganesh, you will take that? 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: Yeah – certainly they have a large capital market and a large 
percentage of their market that is in Japan, but they're also present in geographies, and other customers where we see 
them. And typically, when these type of combinations happen, roadmaps will change, product lines will come to an end 
that cannot be continued to be invested in at the rate when they were losing money. And as those transitions happen, 
they all present opportunities for microchip solutions to be in contention. And as we are investing in our product lines, 
as well as our customer support, we're better positioned to be able to identify and capitalize when those opportunities 
present themselves. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Great. And as a follow-up, the 32-bit processors, you mentioned that this year they'll be starting to have 
some material ramps. When do you think it'll start becoming worthy of reporting, like looking at sort of 
mid-double-digit growth rates. You're obviously much higher now? 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: I think as we go through the fiscal year '10 quarters, at an 
appropriate time, when it makes sense, we will begin to provide some of that detail. Really, I think it's probably less 
important from our perspective, we're looking at 8s, 16s, and 32s as a portfolio that solve customer applications, and in 
many cases, a 16-bit can go into a 32-bit application, or a 32-bit could fit into 16-bit location. It becomes less and less 
meaningful, I'm sure at some point we can provide you the data, but as we think about it, don't look to just grow 32-bit 
or grow 16-bit, we're trying to grow them all, and identify the right solution for the customer be it 8, 16, or 32. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Great, thank 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We won't break out the 8, 16, 32-bit revenue for 
competitive reasons, but like we tell you that 16-bit growth rate will tell you that 32-bit rate quarter-over-quarter. Right 
now, it doesn't help. I mean 32-bit grew 400% sequentially last quarter. Where does that help you? That doesn't help, 
because it's very small base. So, in the next two or three quarters, by the end of this year, we'll start to start to tell you 
consistently the number of large customers, the development tools shipped, and some other growth rate parameters on 
32-bit like we do on 16-bit. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: Exactly, that's helpful, thank you. And then, final question, like a housekeeping question here, are you 
guiding interest income for June quarter? The pro forma? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Are we what? 

<Q - Ian Ing>: The pro forma interest income for June? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Eric, do you have that? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so the net will be of interest income, 
interest expense will be somewhere in the minus $2 million range. 1.5 to $2 million. 

<Q - Ian Ing>: I see. That's all I had. Thank you very much. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Versus what this quarter? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: This past quarter was about the same range, 
Steve, it was minus 2.1. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, so about the same. 


Operator 

Our next question will come from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Steve, thanks for taking my questions. Steve, just a little bit – you 
talked about linearity in the March quarter improving month on month, I think you mentioned that April bookings, a lot 
higher than January. I'm just kind of curious, when you look at the 5% sort of internal guidance for the June quarter, 
does that assume that linearity continues to improve month on month? Or are you already at a run rate where you don't 
need that to hit that guidance? 

And then, I guess on the same vein, book-to-bill ratio in the quarter was 1.04. Given that you're expecting June to grow 
5%, implicitly, are you expecting more turns in the quarter? Or just help me understand that. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well – Eric, do you remember what our book-to-bill 
was a quarter ago? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Not off the top of my head. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Wasn't it like 0.97 or something? Yeah, it was – no, it 
was less than that. It was 0.77 or something. 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: December quarter bookings were very, very low. I'm 
sorry, when we came to March quarter in the beginning of January, we had just come off a quarter with the book-to-bill 
ratio very, very low, yet we grew. No, I'm sorry – we did much better than the book-to-bill ratio would show. And we 
have said repeatedly, book-to-bill ratio doesn't really track with the end revenue. 

So the book-to-bill being 1.04, it doesn't really – is not a proxy on – you can't really calculate what your growth rate 
would be. I mean, it just has – never had any correlation. You can get a large amount of bookings, they just don't age in 
the quarter, they age in the following quarter, or the bookings at Disti but they don't ship out. So I guess – I have never 
been able to correlate those numbers. They don't correlate. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then Steve, just around linearity I'm just kind of curious – to hit that 5% sequential in June, do 
you need monthly linearity to improve, or are you already at a run rate where that's not necessary? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, bookings are not a problem, bookings are very 
good – we want them to continue to improve, because bookings are still low on a historical basis. But the linearity 
doesn't really have to improve to hit the numbers, the aging has to be right. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then, Steve, just back to Chris's earlier question about inventory versus end-demand, I know 
you gave us some explicit guidance on what you thought your own internal inventory would do in June. I'm kind of 
curious, any comments around Disti inventory in the June quarter relative to end consumption. Do you expect that to 
move higher, stay the same, or continue to bleed lower? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Our model in our guidance assumes the Disti inventory 
going down further. About a month ago, our assumption was the Disti inventory would go down much further. And 
even in the month starting April 1 to the announcement of these numbers, we have revised that twice, feeling that the 
Disti inventory is not going down as much. But we still have a Disti inventory drain dialed in, whether it will go down 
even less than that, we can't control. But it shouldn't affect our revenue, because we don't take that as a shipment. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then, my last question, just back on the market share gains and the comments you made, is the 
expectation steady, consistent share? Or do you actually see opportunity out there where bigger chunks of share might 
come your way on a more near-term basis? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Ganesh, you want to take that one? 


<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: In the embedded business, market share does not move that 
dramatically in short periods of time. It's a sustained battle that you have to win. So I would expect that market share 
gain happens over a period of time, but happens on a more sustained basis. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great. Thanks, guys, appreciate it. 

Operator 

Next we'll go with Kevin Cassidy from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Thanks for taking my question. I wonder if you can give a little more color on your plans for the 
touch marketplace. What applications are you targeting, and what markets? 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Ganesh? 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: When we talk about touch, there's two parts of touch. There's 
touch-sense and then there's touch screens. Touch-sense is any time you have a human interface, a button, a slider, that 
can go into a broad range of products, they can be in consumer products, they can be in home appliances, they can be in 
printers, they can be – so it has a very, very broad range of places where people are replacing mechanical buttons and 
replacing them with the kind of touch solutions that Microchip has. And we see it in industrial, we see it in consumer, 
we see it in automotive, in medical. So in all of these application segments there are opportunities. 

Touch screen, on the other hand, is similar to what touch-sense does, except there's now a visual screen and the 
interface – so if you think of a navigation system in a car, for example, you're making an interface through that screen. 
There's information that is on that screen that you're interacting with. But it also goes into many, many embedded 
applications, and it's a richer data that the customer's interacting with, with touch screen. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay. And do you plan on just – are you going to be selling the silicon and then going to a 
module maker, or are you going to sell the whole solution? 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: No. Our solution is really the silicon and all the other software 
pieces that a customer needs. But the integration and the modules and the final products are really what our customers 
do. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay. Great. And do you expect us to be in the – I imagine you're seeing about the same gross 
margin as any microcontroller? 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: Yeah, we expect that these will fit into the profile of where our 
microcontroller margins typically run at. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We have a follow-up from Romit Shah of Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Hi. Eric, just, I had a couple of housekeeping questions on – just on other income. You guys 
reported 9.9 million. There was a one-time gain, is that right, from the fab sale, and from some trading securities? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, there was a one-time gain from trading 
securities, and that was $12 million. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. And your 


<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: There was no fab sale, where are you reading fab sale? 


<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's last fiscal year, Steve. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Oh, okay. And then, why are you forecasting a loss, again, in the June quarter? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, just because interest income is lower 
than interest expense. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. So, this is something that's going to persist through fiscal '10? 

<A - J. Eric Bjornholt, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct, unless something changes 
dramatically with interest rates. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Gill Alexandry from Garfield Associates. 

<Q>: Question was just answered, thank you. 

<A - Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Gill. 

Operator 

Next we'll move on to Ruben Roy from Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Yes. Thank you. I just had a quick question. Ganesh, sorry if I missed this, but did you give out the 
16-bit development tool shipments for the quarter? 

<A - Ganesh Moorthy, Executive Vice President>: I apologize, I did not, and we will get back to you, and I think 
there was a question earlier on from somebody else. And we'll get back to both folks on it. 

<Q - Ruben Roy>: Okay. Thanks very much. That's all I had. 

Operator 

And at this time, our question-and-answer session has concluded. Now, I'll turn it back over to you, gentlemen, for any 
closing or additional remarks. 

Steve Sanghi, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you for all the investors for joining us. I think it's been a difficult fiscal year, fiscal year '09. But we're still 
profitable, we're still doing well, we'll put the bottom behind us, we're growing and we performed better than lot of our 
competitors, and the outside data is now starting to confirm that. So, our biggest objective here is to put in kind of 
market share concern to rest, which had been the concerns of many of the investors and analysts over the last year, 
which started with the crash of the housing market. And I think, now as everybody else has joined in the fray, our 
numbers look substantially better than our competitors, and we boldly look ahead, and putting the bottom behind us, 
and we will start to grow from here. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

That concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


