Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David Sach, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Drake Johnstone 
• William Miller 
• Anders Wennberg 
• Kevin Roe 
• Sven Skold 
• Stephen Mead 
• Alexander Vislykh 
• David Kestenbaum 
• Mary Austin 
• Eric Woehrling 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Millicom 2007 First Quarter Results Conference Call. For 
your information, this conference is being recorded. May I also remind you that this call is being audio streamed over 
the web and is accessible at www.millicom.com, together with the presentation summarizing the key features of the 
results. 

I would now like to hand over to the host of today's conference, Mr. Marc Beuls, President and CEO, and Mr. David 
Sach, CFO. Please go ahead sir. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator and welcome to everyone who has joined us today. For this call, both David and I will be using 
slides to run you through the results. It will be helpful to have the slides in front of you, and you can find them on our 
homepage at www.millicom.com. We will both be happy to answer any questions you have at the end. But first, I 
would like to give you an overview of the results and run through the performance of each cluster. 

Before moving on to the slides, I want to make a few short comments regarding Q1, a quarter, which -- during which a 
number of key events took place. First we introduced per-second billing in Central America, a region that represents 
44% of our revenues and 55% of our EBITDA. I am pleased to say that this 25% price reduction has already been paid 
back to the banks to the price elasticity we continue to see in our business. Secondly, we launched TIGO in January in 
the Democratic Republic of Congo are most populated market today. The first results are encouraging, although a lot 
remains to be done in terms of network build-out, distribution and service offerings. 

Thirdly, in Colombia we have already reached in EBITDA margin of over 20%, six months after taking control of the 
business. According to the countries industry and trade regulator, as I see, our percentage increase in quarterly 


subscribers was the highest of all mobile operators last quarter. As stated before we think that the increased subscriber 
intake will lead to increased revenue growth in the second part of the year only. 

For the sale of Paktel for a profit of $258 million in February allows us to fully concentrate on the three remaining 
businesses in Asia. The launches of TIGO at Sri Lanka and at per-second billing in Cambodia in Q1, will allow us to 
increase to grow trade of the region compared to 2006. 

And lastly, last Friday we filled our 20-F and then that you will read that we are complained under SOX 404 for 
registration. So, we've been developing our corporate governance risk management and Emtel controlled framework 
over the last couple of years. And we will continue to focus on creating the best in class Emtel controls environment 
going forward. 

So, let's now turn to the slide and turn to slide number two with a headline numbers. For the first quarter of 2007 and 
once again that was a record setting ones we are passing the fourth quarter of 2006 in terms of both revenue and 
EBITDA. That's worth pointing out that the fourth quarter is traditionally the strongest quarter of the year and the first 
quarter is the weakest. We had a 1.6 million new subscribes in Q1 giving us a total of 16.5 million subscribers as of 
March 31, 2007. The strong subscriber growth of 94% from Q1 2006 has fueled the revenues, which were up 86% and 
EBITDA, which was up 74%. Millicom's CapEx for the quarter was $183 million, which was more than doubled the 
CapEx for Q1, 2006, and is in line with our target, let's say in the target of investing 800 million for the year. We have 
invested in our networks in all of our regions, but particularly in Central America, Columbia, Sri Lanka and Africa, and 
we are delighted that both our operations in Sri Lanka and DRC had now successfully launch a TIGO and are applying 
a Triple A strategy, a customer focus business model centered on the core values of affordability, accessibility and 
availability. The rollout of the TIGO brand across Millicom was completed with the launch announced in March and 
we look forward to seeing the real benefits of this in Africa and Asia progressively in the coming quarters. 

As seen in slide number three, Millicom added 1.6 million total subscribers in the first quarter bringing a total to 16.5 
million at the end of March representing a 94% increase over the first quarter of 2006. As I have said before, the 
subscriber growth indicates that Millicom's businesses are now well into the accelerated [indiscernible] of emerging 
market growth. In Q1, subscribers of Central America grew by 87% year-on-year and in South America by 53% 
excluding the Columbian acquisition, and by 197% including Columbia. In Columbia, Millicom was the fastest 
growing operator taking 79,000 subscribers in the quarter. 

Africa reported a year-on-year subscriber growth of 68% in Q1 and does every indication that we will be able to 
capitalize on the growth potential on Africa in the same way that we have across Latin America as penetration rates rise 
steeply. However, it's worth reminding that in Africa we have a population on the license of 152 million compared to 
86 million in Latin America and so the long-term potential is even greater as Africa has a larger population and the 
lower penetration rates. 

The total cellular subscribers increased by 100% from the first quarter of 2006 to 14.2 million at the end of the March 
of 2007. Slide four shows that for Q1, we have recorded the highest ever quarterly revenue of $563 million, an increase 
of 86% from the first quarter of 2006. In Central America where penetration is higher and networks are more 
developed, revenue growth at 69% in Q1 is very strong. 

South America excluding Colombia produced revenue growth of 70% which represented the strongest year-on-year 
organic growth for the quarter by any cluster that reflects the success of per-second billing and the leadership in 
value-added services by this cluster. 

Revenues for Africa increased by 55%, & revenues for Asia by 22%. Referring to slide five, EBITDA for the three 
months ended March 31, 2007 was $248 million, a 74% increase from the first quarter of 2006 and showing an increase 
of 19 million from Q4 2006, which is traditionally our strongest quarter of the year. EBITDA margin was 44%. The 
strength in margin in Q1 was encouraging and reflected strong performance across the businesses 

So now let's look at the results of each cluster starting with Central America, which remains a larger cluster both in 
terms of revenue and EBITDA. On slide six you can see that the total subscribers reached 5.9 million up 87%, with 
over 750,000 net new subscribers added in the quarter, which was an encouraging result. 


Quarterly year-on-year revenue growth for Central America increased by 59% to $249 million for the first quarter of 
2007, but revenues were flat compared to the seasonally strong fourth quarter. The reasons for flat revenues was that on 
the 7th of February per-second billing was launched in all three countries of Central America bringing an effective 
tariff cut off 25%. As we explained to all of the first quarter in our Q1-- Q4 presentations we saw a similar path run of 
slower revenue growth after the introduction of per-second billing in Paraguay that took some two months to reach a 
prior position and the acceleration in growth in the markets was some months later. 

These early days that our previous experience in Paraguay and the events of two months of Central America suggest 
that after an initial expansion of minutes of use we expect to see the same price of activity as we saw in Paraguay and 
we are hoping to see an acceleration as subscriber growth in the second half of 2007. 

EBITDA percent of America increased by 73% to $136 million for the first quarter of 2007 and the EBITDA margin 
was strong at 55%. So please turn to slide number 7 to look at the result for South America in more detail. Subscribers 
grew by 197% to 4.5 million following the consolidation of Columbia mobile, which accounted for 2.2 million 
subscribers in the first quarter. In total looking at a quarterly year-on-year basis revenue grew by 274% to 167 million 
and EBITDA grew 203% to $56 million. However, looking at the underlying growth, excluding Columbia, the numbers 
were still strong. The subscribers up 53%, revenues up 70% and EBITDA up 98%. 

The underlying numbers are very impressive and show that the success of the continuing TIGO rollout with e-PIN and 
for second billing for the success of value added services, which are continuing to drive revenues and enhance earnings. 
We are encouraging see both ARPUs and EBITDA margin has improve. In Columbia we are improving the 
accessibility of TIGO by increasing the number of distribution outlets and bringing this to a level or comparable to our 
other Latin American markets. Today we are approaching some 70,000 outlets, which is so much the doubling of the 
outlets since launched. Once we have the AAA fully in place, we expect to see acceleration in growth in the second 
half of 2007. 

The EBITDA margin for South America was 33% up 3% from the previous quarter, and Columbia deliver the 21% 
margin up from 16% in Q4. We do not expect to see any dramatic increase in the margin in Columbia. As in 2007 our 
focus is to grow the business aggressively, therefore Columbia will continue to affect Millicom's consolidated EBITDA 
margin for the medium-term. However, in the long-term, we expect to see Columbia operate at the average Millicom 
EBITDA margin. 

Turning to slide 8. In the African cluster, total subscribers increase by 68% to 3.8 million at the end of Q1 2007. 
Calling on from the strong subscriber growth, it was a year-on-year increase in quarterly revenue of 55% to $103 
million. And despite the average slot of cost of building out to new and extended networks in Africa particularly in 
DRC and Chad, EBITDA increased by 30% to $39 million representing an EBITDA margin of 37%. 

For January we have made sufficient progress building our new network in the DRC to allow us to launch a TIGO 
brand and today we have a 139,000 customers who are using only e-PIN which is an attractive, a low cost methods of 
distribution in such a large country, and they have access took a second billing. 

Turing to Asian. Q4 we merge to South Asia and Southeast Asia cluster into one Asian region Paktel was treated as an 
asset held for sale following decision to sell that business in Q4. Our February release highlights the sale of Paktel to 
China Mobile for an enterprise value of $460 million and on the sale Millicom recorded a net gain of $258 million. 

Slide 9 shows that the subscribers in the Asia and the Asia cluster increased by 48% from Q1, 2006 to 2.3 million at the 
end of Q1, 2007. Revenue was $43 million for the fourth quarter, up 22% from Q1, 2006, and EBITDA was $17 
million, up 11%, reducing the EBITDA margin of 50 to 41%. 

I was very pleased to see a 15% increase in Columbia -- Sorry, Cambodia versus the fourth quarter of 2006 following 
the introduction of second billing into this market in mid January. It usually takes over two months to offset the 
effective tariff reduction. So the remainder of the year looks promising, it describes domesticity continuous. We have 
invested heavily in the network in Sri Lanka and we are starting to see positive results following the launch of TIGO in 
January. The launch of TIGO in Laos in March completes our plans a roll out of the brand across all markets. 


Now, I would like to handover to David to talk you through the financials. 

David Sach, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Marc. Please turn to slide 10, where you will see the key financial ratios for the first quarter of 2007, 
compared to quarter one last year. Revenues were up strongly by 86%, and EBITDA by 74% and despite the fast 
expansion of the business we've had held our margins at 44%, which is very encouraging. Excluding the impact of 
Columbia, the overall group EBITDA margin would have been 49%. 

The slide shows that in the last year sales and marketing cost as a percentage of revenues have increased slightly. 
Which reflects the launch of TIGO in several markets including Columbia, in quarter four 2006, and the Congo, Sri 
Lanka and Laos in Q1, 2007. This is to be expected during launch periods. The G&A cost is a percentage of revenues 
are also up, but this is due to the impact of Columbia. Encouragingly, costs of sales have fallen slightly as a percentage 
of revenues demonstrating the economies of scale from growing our businesses and our continued focus on tight cost 
control. In addition expanding our value-added services has helped sustain ARPUs, which in turn had a positive impact 
on gross margin. 

Slide 11, shows the recent quarterly EBITDA trend. Excluding Columbia the consolidated EBITDA margin has been 
rising. But including Columbia the EBITDA margin was reduced to 42% in quarter four 2006. Pleasingly the EBITDA 
margin in Q1 has risen slightly to 44%. With room to increase margins in Africa, Asia and our new business in 
Columbia over time this gives us confidence that we should be able to trend towards the levels experienced in the first 
three quarters of 2006. 

On slide 12, you will see that there are several items affecting the results and in the next four slides I would deal with 
CapEx and depreciation, debt and interest expense, and taxes. The other two items worth mentioning are corporate 
costs and the gain and sale of Paktel. 

Corporate cost have risen from 10 million to 15 million due to additional resources put into corporate during the past 
nine months to help manage the growth of the businesses, and due to the new shares scheme for the Directors and 
Senior Management, which was introduced in the second quarter last year following the annual general meeting. 
Looking forward we expect corporate cost to remain fairly stable at the current levels. 

The gain on sale of Paktel was 258 million. The gain was lower than the 270 million, originally forecast in the year-end 
press release, because the losses of Paktel in quarter one 2007 were less than expected. And as such, our carrying value 
of Paktel was higher thus reducing the gain. In total the gain on the sale combined with the operating losses were as 
expected. 

Please turn to slide 13. On this slide we have presented the quarterly CapEx, which shows the CapEx has risen steadily 
throughout the year in both 2005 and 2006. We expect the similar trend in 2007, albeit, not as steep as in prior years. 
We have invested in the network across all regions in quarter one with capacity added in Central America to handle the 
additional traffic from the moves to per second billing, with a step up in the network buildup in Columbia, with 
significant investments and additional coverage throughout most African countries and with continued investments in 
Sri Lanka. 

In 2007, we are forecasting CapEx to rise to 800 million, or an average of 200 million per quarter. Although the 
absolute CapEx number will increase in 2007, it is likely to decrease, as a percentage of revenues and we expect that 
this will be a continuing trend going forward. 

Slide 14 shows the quarterly breakdown in depreciation. Depreciation started to increase in 2005 when we began to 
accelerate the depreciation of the older technology networks. It has increased steadily thereafter from the rising levels 
of investment that we are making in our businesses. The Q1 2007 depreciation of 78 million reflects this increased level 
of investment. The first quarter depreciation was lower than a Q4 2006, because of significant portion of the older 
technology assets was fully depreciated by the end of 2006. Plus, we had a one off expense close to $5 million in the 
fourth quarter to depreciate the old brand that we purchased as part of the Columbian acquisition. Looking forward 


depreciation will trend towards the average CapEx spending of the past six to seven years, which has been rising 
steadily. 

On slide 15 we have presented a quarterly debt slide, whereby you can see the impact of settling the 5% exchangeable 
notes in quarter three of 2006, when we transfer the Tele2 two shares to the note holders. This resulted in a decrease of 
total debt to 943 million. In Q4 2006 total debt rose to 1.5 million due to the impact of the Columbian acquisition. Debt 
has stayed fairly constant in Q1 2007, but will likely rise during the year. 

Due to our under levered position with net debt to EBITDA are roughly 0.5 to 1. We will increase debt to finance the 
Cap spending in the operation. This is likely to increase our cash balance even further. We are reviewing our capital 
structure to determine the most appropriate level of debt and to ensure that we utilize our cash in the best interest of 
shareholder. 

We are considering further minority buy-outs and we look to repay the corporate 10% notes in December 2008 when 
they become redeemable. 

Please turn to slide 16 to see the corresponding quarterly interest expense. The simple effective interest rate was 
relatively stable throughout 2005 and 2006, taking into effect the timing of the debt movements, but rose in Q4 2006 
due to the addition of the Colombian debt, which had an affective rate of over 11%. The simple affective rate for Q1, 
2007 has fallen back to 10% with the slightly different mix of debt. But we would like to reduce the rate further 
considering our strong cash flows and low leverage. We are looking at refinancing the Colombian debts, and repaying 
the corporate 10% notes when they become redeemable, as possible actions to reduce the effective rate. 

Slide 17 shows that the tax rate has risen year-on-year despite of our initiatives to better manage our overall tax 
position. We have been able to reduce the non-deductible net corporate expenses slightly from 13 million to 12 million, 
by increasing the management and brand fees to offset the higher corporate cost. However, as anticipated the year-end, 
the operations tax rate has risen due to the operating losses incurred at our Colombian and Congolese businesses that 
provides no tax benefits. 

The operations tax rates is likely to stay at the 28% level or might even rise further this year as these companies 
represent the larger proportion of profit before tax to the total growth. Over time this tax rate will likely fall as these 
businesses become profitable. From 2009, we may be able to get the overall group tax rate to 30% or below, but this 
will depend on the geographical mix of profits, the profitability of our Colombian and Congolese businesses and our 
ability to reduce the corporate cost further such as by repaying the corporate 10% notes. 

On slide 18, we show the strong operating cash flows, which are more than financing the increasing level of 
investments within the business. As a result of the sale of Paktel, we ended the period with the very strong cash 
position of almost a $1 billion. Our net debt position was reduced to $514 million representing a ratio of 0.5 to 1 
against extrapolated full year EBITDA. With such low levels of debt, Millicom is well placed to continue, its 
significant investment program and is considering the best use of its cash to maximize shareholder value. 

Slide 19, shows that there continues to be strong investment in the businesses. CapEx was 183 million in the first 
quarter of 2007, compared to 80 million in first quarter of 2006. As mentioned previously, we expect to see CapEx 
trend upward throughout the year and should reach 800 million by year-end. 

Thank you. Now, I will hand you back to Marc. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, David. Let me conclude. First quarter continued to see higher levels of growth, matching the growth we have 
seen in 2006. The numbers speak for themselves, revenues up by 86% from 303 million in Q1 2006 to 563 million in 
Q1 2007, and EBITDA rising by 74% to 248 million. The group margin was an encouraging 44%. 

2007 has started well, while it's expected to be another record year fueled by projected CapEx of some 800 million, the 
launch of a second billing e-Pin and a greater focus of value added services, which will have both revenue growth and 


profitability. What is clear is that we have a winning offer for customers who attracted by our fordable, accessible and 
available services embodied in the TIGO brands. 

This concludes by comments and we will be happy to take your questions. Operator, may I have the first question 
please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Drake Johnstone from Davenport Brokers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Hey, Marc nice quarter there. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you Drake. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Question I have for you, in Columbia you had nice growth compared to your rivals there and 
the question I had is to what extent did you -- was the growth from so the real parts of Columbia and suburbs versus the 
cities where there might be more competition? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I don't think the growth was coming from across the network. I think the competition levels are 
very similar across Columbia. But I think we start seeing the first impact of our increase visibility embedded 
distribution in the first quarter. Although, we still have to do a lot of work here to increase the visibility of TIGO the 
levels. We got news to seeing in Central America, for instance. So there is still a lot more to be done and that's why I've 
said in the call that we only expect revenues to really start moving in the second part of this year. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: And if you don't mind just one follow-up question, to what extent are the new subscribers in 
Colombia from -- drive the arrivals versus just new subscribers to wireless? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We don't know, I mean, it's a prepaid business to a large extent, so although people do fill out a 
form in Colombia. We don't know whether they are holding a second phone or whether this is their first experience to 
mobile telephony. I would expect that with our attractive Triple A offering, increase little bit visibility and distribution. 
And we should be able -- like we have proven in markets, like Guatemala over the last couple of years that we should 
be able to attract some customers from the existing operators. But at the same time, I think the penetration levels in 
Colombia that are probably just below 60% that still have room for a lot of growth going forward. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. We've got a question now from William Miller from Hartwell. Please go ahead. 

<Q - William Miller>: Marc, hi. Terrific quarter. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you, Bill. 

<Q - William Miller>: Talking about a couple things. One, you've said before that the debt markets seem to be open in 
the Central Americas. Will you tap those and be able to reduce your cost of debt -- your average cost is about 10%? 
And more importantly, when you were talking about margins, which were terrific, EBITDA margins, do we have a cap 
on these now or do we get them back towards the 50% that one time we enjoyed, and I am not talking about Colombia 
because you take that out. But in the other regions are we going to be able to get to 50 or more and essentially get 
Africa and Columbia up there? 


<A>: Well let me start there with the margins, as we said on the call here we do see some improved margins ahead of 
us especially in Africa. I think we gained one point in the EBITDA margin from Q4, and I would expect with a little 
increase performance of some of the markets there, smaller losses in Congo going forward that we should be able to get 
to a higher EBITDA margin in Africa than the 30%; we had in the first quarter. So that should help us get into that 50% 
of this magical -- 50% EBITDA margin, which we all love so much. So, we will be doing a lot there in order to get 
there, but also as we've said Columbia although you had excluded it, I think Columbia still has quite some upside going 
forward. In terms of the debt market, yes our plan is to leverage our operating companies a lot more then they are 
leveraged today and that's what we are looking at across Millicom not only in Central America. Our plan is that come 
next year that we get rid of that the high yield leverage costs to 10% and which is a tax un-effective given that we don't 
have enough operating income at the holding level, so that overall our best structure should get – it should look a lot 
better, our interest costs should go down and also we should be able to improve our average tax rates for the company. 

<A>: Just adding a little bit to that. Though obviously with the minority interest in Central America Bill that will have 
to be taken into account in terms of our ability to leverage Guatemala, or Honduras but yes, we are looking at possibly 
refinancing the debt in Columbia and as Marc said, we'd be looking to do things in Central America to the extent 
possible. 

<Q - William Miller>: Just to follow on your CapEx side, Guatemala. Obviously they are refinanceable. That comes 
with a lot of interest there, are you still finally just try to repurchase those and take those out and I was intrigued David 
by your remarks about the best use of cash. Could you give us little amplification of that as well? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well, we will try to as we were successfully last year in Africa by our minority shareholders if we 
think that it is a best way to use our cash. If that is not the best way we can continue living with them. So, it's a matter 
of whether we get the best returns investing there or investing elsewhere in the business. So, as David said on the call 
we are looking at what better capital structure can be for the company going forward and we will report to the market 
when we get to that point. 

<Q - William Miller>: Marc, just the opportunity to buy some new licenses seem to be becoming available improved 
and maybe in another country. Are you involved in that and can we still get the same kind of returns that we enjoyed 
this directly if we are able to capture those licenses? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think it all depends on the price of the entry tickets. If the price of the entry ticket is too high then 
I think its going to be difficult to reach to those returns. But we also know that we can at least stay away from auction 
processes and that we don't like to pay high entry tickets. So yes, I do think that there are still some attractive 
opportunities out there, but competition for those opportunities, for those new license, is very high. So no guarantees 
that we will be able to be successful there, but I would hope that going forward we will be able to rollout that 
successful model in some more markets across Africa, Asia, Latin America. 

<Q - William Miller>: Thanks very much. Well done, really terrific. 

<A>: Thank you Bill. 

Operator 

Thank you. We've got a question now from Anders Wennberg from RAM. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Hello. Anders Wennberg from RAM. I wonder if you can elaborate a little bit further on the 
out curve development in particular Central America. Even though you introduced per second billing, it was a little bit 
better, and but still 9 to 16% year-on-year and 9 to 16% in Q-on-Q is fairly a big drop. This year also recovery and to 
the reminder of year one bill per second getting effect comes in or is there -- or actually seeing a little bit of a tougher 
competition from America, Morgan and Florida? 

<A>: Yes. I don't think this is anything to do with the cut off competition. If you just do the math, if you reduce prices 
by 25% then with a identical number of minutes you offer should down by 25%. The fact that it only went down 


according to your calculation by 15 to 16%, I think its great news. So again, that shows that elasticity is there, that 
people do consume more minutes, when you bring down the price. But of course we are only talking here about less 
than two months of that in Q1, because we only introduce per second billing on February 7, let's not forget that. So we 
never say that you incorporate everything in day one, we said that it takes two to three months to incorporate the price 
reductions. And I think that's what is on going in Central America. So I don't think this has to anything to do with the 
competitive environment. If you look at our press release, you will note that we've not put in all the number position in 
the Guatemala, Honduras, which in the previous quarter was still number two. So, I think if any think we are gaining 
market shares some of those markets. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: I have not seen any of your competitors following the similar type of pricing? 

<A>: We've have been copied all along and also you know of per second billing, you know we have been copied, we 
now know it was copied with precision, which I think is good. So, but the concepts we introduced whether it is prepaid, 
micro prepaid per second billing all those concepts, after a while sometimes faster, sometimes slower are being adopted 
by our competitors. But I think as we've always said and before I said what is important is vis-à-vis the client is the fast 
mover down its because that's what the client will remember at the end of the day as who was the one, who introduced 
per-second billing, who was to remain, its easier for them to buy minutes and that's what we, what we want to do. We 
want to be that company. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A>: Thanks, Anders. 

Operator 

Thank you. We've got a question now from Kevin Roe from Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Thanks. A couple questions following up on Central American revenue, elasticity curve seems quite 
obvious to me, yet you are talking about in your prepared remarks resumption of growth in the second half. Are we too 
assuming another flat revenue quarter Q1 to Q2 in Central America or should we see some resumption of revenue 
growth there? 

<A>: Well, as you know Kevin, we don't give guidance. So, I will have to disappoint you there, but what we said is that 
the price elasticity is working very well in Central America so we think that the impact of the per second billing is 
going to be a positive one and in the second quarter this year we will just be in the third to four months of the launch of 
that per-second billing so in principle it should be better than the first and the second month which it was in the first 
quarter. But are we going to achieve the same results after four months which we already achieved in Paraguay of 12 
months, of course no. So you need to let time play so these things take time in order to get people back to the offers 
they were at before that we just saw from the numbers, we are moving right in the right direction there. Already we 
covered a lot of ground there. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Right. Turning to Ghana, it seems the sub growth there decelerated quite materially. Any comments 
you can make there, any change in the competitive landscape? 

<A>: I think there is no real change in competitive landscape. I think our TIGO model works extremely well or 
probably I think the market is going very strong as you know from a visit last year Ghana is one of the best market in 
Africa today with very strong GDP and the very strong GDP growth is also that of course if you look the market there 
and I think we are gaining market share compared to the number one in the market as we speak. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: And lastly, Mark on follow-up on Peru. I understand you sensitivity to license cost, by putting that 
aside can you give us a sense of why that market may or may not be attractive to you? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: At this point in time I can't really say much about that. It's a market that is on our radar screen. I 
don't know whether the timing is going to work for us. I don't know whether the returns we could achieve going 
forward are going to work for us. So I can't really say much about that. I wasn't really specifically referring to Peru as a 


country with the high entry ticket -- so potentially a high entry tickets. But we don't have numbers at this point of time 
that would allow us to say yes, we are going to go forth or we are not going to go forth. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A>: Thanks Kevin. 

Operator 

Thank you. We have got a question of Sven Skold from Swedbank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Yes. Hello. This is from Swedbank in Stockholm. So I was just wondering about the margins in 
South America, excluding Columbia because I understand that Columbia had around 10 to 20% EBITDA margin, but 
how was the margins exclude in Columbia? 

<A>: Well the margins had a positive development in South America and as you know it's driven by the fantastic 
performance of Paraguay but also Bolivia is doing very well. So we see as a result of in Paraguay for second billing 
e-pin combined with value-added services. And in Bolivia kind of copying that concept may deliver less value-added 
services because of the same e-pin and per-second billing that's what is driving this margin improvement. And also 
when as in Bolivia you gain market share you get some lot more on that traffic which is also beneficial for the margin. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: But if I remember correct, Bolivia they were down looking at subscriber figures in Q1... 

<A>: I mean the subscriber reduction has to do with a migration from TDMA to GSM, which we know you always 
lose some customers on the way because some people might be using. And the TDMA phone and a GSM phone and 
when they give up one of course they are just going to continue with the other phone. So we've seen there is another 
market that when you do this technology change that we see some customers losing. And I think if you look at the 
margin, we in South America we increased the margin from, was it 41% I think first quarter of last year to 48% right 
now. So excluding Colombia, so I think its fantastic margin improvement. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Okay. And if I may also ask about 3G licenses because around the world it seems to be a 3G 
licenses given out or auctioned out. Folks, what is your take on that and you think that will be important in some 
markets and in other markets not? And the, how do look upon that strategy with 3G even potentially WiMax? 

<A>: I mean these are two different things WiMax and 3G. 3G is the technology build on top of our existing 2.5G 
business. And the great thing for us is that in Central America and in South America, so the whole of Latin America we 
can run 3G and even with the frequencies we have today. Also in the European Commission now has spoken about 
opening up to 989 spectrums the one we typically use in Africa and Asia to the 3G technology. So this all hype about 
the 3G, you know, coming -- have a huge cost because of the high license fees, that's we saw in Europe you know. I 
don't think is any longer scenario. And that allows people then to really do step-by-step, move from lets say one 
technology to another. We are just probably moving from one technology to another, basically building a new 
technology on the top of one that is going to be around for long time. WiMax is something that completely different. 
WiMax is not a technology that today provides full mobility. And we see WiMax, we're doing WiMax and today live 
three countries regarding license and the frequencies and many more. You see it first as defensive move in case you 
know, Intel was developed the super-duper chip that will provide full mobility and that frequency. Okay, we have if 
you know and we can keep our services vis-à-vis to customers. We see it as a move to make some money in the three 
countries where we are running WiMax not much today, we are making good money because it's build on top of our 
mobile network showing infrastructure and it's what gives us attractive margins. That's a reason why we are doing 
WiMax, but you can't put WiMax and 3G at the same level today, they are completely different things. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: So, we should not expect high 3G costs coming up for Millicom? 

<A>: No, I can see that anywhere, I mean that the two countries where we today are using 3G we didn't, so we hardly 
paid anything for the frequency or the licenses that's Mauritius and then Cambodia, and as I've said in our Latin 
America we can do it in our existing spectrum, you know that we bought additional spectrum, we bought in Guatemala 


and El Salvador over the last couple of quarters, so this really allows us if the time comes to have that technology, if we 
see that there is a customer demand for that technology. At this point in time, we don't see this. I think the customers 
are very happy with the 2.5G offerings that would as including services like Blackberry's and stuff like that and that's 
what the customers are looking for. If we see that the customers wants us to move to the next generation of technology, 
then we'll start looking implementing that, but I don't think you can assume you can assume that we're going to see 
another European situation which now creates an enormous costs for the operators. That will not, definitely not be the 
case for us. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Okay thanks. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We've got a question now from Stephen Mead from Anchor Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Stephen Mead>: Hello, Marc. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hi, there. 

<Q - Stephen Mead>: Just going back to Central America, when you introduced the new pricing in February was that 
part of a marketing push and as you look at the new ads in the first quarter, how much can you sort of attribute that to 
just sort of market growth versus the new pricing? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well that a difficult one Steve, but what I can't say is that the move to per-second billing in Central 
America was very, very well prepared both from an infrastructure point of view because when you do this you see an 
immediate uptake in the number of minutes to almost 25%, so you need to get the capacity in place, and that's why we 
start increasing our investments in the network in that part of the world in the fourth quarter of last year already. And 
secondly, yes, we do of course run campaigns and believe me customers are very smart. You don't have to explain to 
them twice, what the benefits or the upsides are of per-second billing for us per minute rounding billings. So people 
understand this by the way and its combination of two things, it's again, certain customers will be attracted, new 
customers will be attracted by the offer, new customers. Secondly you can see existing customers who might be 
deciding moving away from other operators because our offering is so much more attractive and then of course, you 
have the price elasticity, which makes certain number of minutes go up. But it's almost impossible to measure really 
where the growth comes from. We think that Latin American markets will continue to grow very strong in the quarter 
this year because all the indicators continue to be very strong. So it's a combination of different factors, but again I am 
repeating myself here, look at the improvement in market position in Guatemala, we now are probably saying we are 
number one in the market. Last quarter you would still see a number two there. So clearly that this fueled by market 
growth but also improving our position in the market. 

<Q - Stephen Mead>: What does this take in terms CapEx as you look at, say 2007 in terms capital spending? How 
much of that is going to Central America too and also do you have a sense of how your networks compare to the 
comparative networks, as far as, quality or any other kind of measurement? 

<A>: David, will give you the numbers in terms of CapEx and not the numbers, but at least on where we spend them. 
In terms of the quality of the networks, I think we can say that in Central America we have the best network in all three 
countries today, so both in terms of capacity or in terms of value-added services that are available on our networks as 
well as coverage. I'd like to remind you Steve that our success in Central America was to a large extent driven by our 
build out in the rural areas starting at the end of 2004 continuing in '05 and '06 and so people did join our networks, 
they did join the company service because they felt we have the best service there. And David, you can maybe say 
something on CapEx. 

<A - David Sach>: Sure, the only time we give a split of the CapEx by region is at year-end in the annual report. So, if 
we go to the segment note, which is note nine, okay, you will able to see that last year of the 616 that we spent, 264 


million was in Africa, 177 million was in Central America, 105 million was in Asia and 71 million was in South 
America. I think if you factor in obviously Colombia, okay, and South America will obviously be a bigger percentage 
in 2007, because of the money going to be spent on Colombia. I think those percentages across the total obviously 
weren't -- not exactly the same in 2007, it will be somewhat indicative if you factor in Colombia. So, I think use that as 
somewhat of a guide. We will obviously be investing in Africa again, there will be some more additional capacity that 
needs to go into Central America obviously and then into Colombia and we're going to continue rolling out networks in 
Sri Lanka and Cambodia. So, use those numbers as guidance. 

<Q - Stephen Mead>: All right. Thanks. 

<A>: You're welcome. 

<Q - Stephen Mead>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

Thank you. We've got a question now from Nick Gershel [ph] from Investic [ph]. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi, and good afternoon gentlemen. Actually I have just canceled my call because it is answered on the previous 
question. Thanks very much. 

<A>: Okay. Thank you anyway. 

Operator 

Thank you. We've got a question now from Alexander Vislykh from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Yes. Hi, my question is about your margins in Central America. Your profitability there 
was quite strong so your EBITDA margin expanded by 2.5 percentage points on the flat revenue. So, have you seen 
any -- have there been any positive one-offs that had this impact or are you seeing structural improvement in your 
underlying profitability in that region? 

<A>: No. There are no one-offs in those numbers. So, this is all from continuing operations stuff. I think it confirms 
with David and I have been saying over the last 12 months is that when you grow your networks, you grow your 
market share, you get so much more on that traffic on your network and that of course on that traffic comes at 100% 
gross margin. And that of course impact on your gross margin, and your average gross margin and your average 
EBITDA. I think that is one of the reasons probably the main reason why we see this increased EBITDA margin across 
Central America. So I think as long as we keep our market position, as long as we stay in as number one there that we 
expect to continue seeing that in traffic pattern and also the same EBITDA margin. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay. And do you believe this run rate should be more or less sustainable going forward? 

<A>: I am not saying that we're going to have 2.5 point every quarter. So... 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: No, the current level of? 

<A>: I think the current level from what I know today it looks to me sustainable, as they are no one-offs in those 
numbers. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay. And just quickly on the introduction of per-second billing, can you confirm that all 
of your subscribers in Central America have now been migrated to the per-second billing or should we expect any more 
campaigns to migrate? 

<A>: No, no. This happens overnight. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay. 


<A>: There is a discount in go for everybody. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: All right. 

<A>: That's why you need to prepare so well to make to sure that you can have all the increased volumes. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A>: Thank you, Alexander. 

Operator 

Thank you. We've got a question now from David Kestenbaum from Morgan Joseph Investment. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Hey, thanks a lot. Hey David, could you just talk about what's driving this that needs your 
corporate controls, since you said you are in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley. And then on Bolivia you said you lost 
some subs after this quarter, as I switched from TDMA to GSM, are you done with that process now, so in the second 
quarter we see a return to sub growth? 

<A>: Well, in Bolivia and then.... 

<A>: No, in terms of Bolivia, Bolivia is still an isolated case. As I said and – it's not unique, it is something we've seen 
previously when you move technologies, all the technologies to new technologies. And you will see continuity in 
across Latin America as it was last year, as it was the year before, as it started in 2004 when we had launched GSM you 
will see TDMA users moving to GSM. What we see of course at the end that you have a tail in all subscribers with 
fairly low ARPUs, so that when they churn-- I am talking about very low ARPUs here when they churn, turn it really 
highly impacts revenues for the company. But you expect that, as we will start turning off those TDMA networks in the 
course of this year and the last ones next year, maybe some other subscribers might disappear. David? 

<A>: What was it; repeat the first I know is SOX, what was your exact question David? 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: You said that you undergoing study of proper controls, your internal controls what's 
driving that since you are, you said you are in compliance with SOX at this point? 

<A>: We just want to take our controls to best in practice. There is a minimum level that you need to achieve in order 
to meet SOX, which is, as we all now quite demanding as it is, but we want to go even beyond that. Particularly in 
places like revenue insurance where, obviously there is the cost to implementing SOX, but we also see the benefits. So 
if you can ensure that all the revenue, all the activity on your switches is properly reflected in your billing platforms 
and therefore you collect all that revenue, obviously that brings benefits to you. So we just want to continue to improve 
that controls and be best in class particularly in things like revenue assurance. And also the fixed assets, knowing where 
your fixed assets are so when you move them you keep track of that so your engineers know exactly where your 
equipment is so they can replace it quicker and stuff is one of the benefits of tracking your fixed assets properly. So 
that's where it's coming from. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Yeah, thanks. 

<A>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We have a question now from Rouge Masami [ph] Standard Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hello, gentlemen. Congratulations on good result. 

<A>: Thank Rouge. 


<Q>: I have a bunch of questions there pretty short hopefully, you can be patients with them otherwise I can playback 
and we can talk later. But one question is I assume that each one of the entities is a piece management fees right? Two 
and I was wondering is that case and are they paid to the Holdco and are they based on revenues and what do they 
aggregate per annum? 

<A>: Okay. Most companies pay management fees, not all of them do, because sometimes its not tax efficient to have 
that in place, sometimes its more appropriate to have a dividend that's more to the tax efficient. So we do whatever is 
most tax efficient based on local tax regulations. And that money is obviously going from the operating companies to 
the holding companies and usually, in fact in all our cases its based on the percentage of revenue and obviously there is 
limitations from the trends for pricing perspective is to what those levels will be. So we properly monitor that to make 
sure that they've reasonable and fully justified what you need to do in order to charge this fees. 

<Q>: Okay. And the dollar amount that they aggregate per year? 

<A>: We have, we don't, we obviously don't disclose that, but it is, it is a percentage of revenues for most companies. 

<Q>: Okay. Okay, that's fine. And then I'm just trying to get a sense of how much of revenues that I may not be posing 
this question exactly the right way, but how much of revenues is coming from distribution of handsets, and how much 
of revenues is coming from actual sale of minutes? If you sort of give that breakdown per region? 

<A>: Most of it comes from obviously the minutes, a minute either handsets or a small piece of that total revenues. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A>: I don't know were the – I think that information could be in the 20-F, I don't have it immediately in front of me, 
Rouge. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A>: Subsequently what I would like to add is that the minute's revenue is increasing year-after-year, because our 
business and model is now focusing on the recurring revenue and on top of that anyway the cost of phone is coming 
down very rapidly. And for those countries where we still to deal with the phones every quarter, a lower percentage of 
subscribers, when they take a subscription from us, require us to deal with the phones. So that revenue number will 
continue to come down. And so that number will continue to come down. 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q>: And what are you seeing in the lower cost handsets costing now, because I hear different ranges of prices? 

<A>: Probably, you have anything from 30-$40 through, and going up to $500, so... 

<Q>: Yeah, I guess. 

<A>: So, I guess that what we want to have. 

<Q>: Yes. Okay. But none of the phones to prepaid subscribers are subsidized or are they subsidize in Southern 
America, Central America? 

<A>: No. We do deal in phones in Central and South America, but that is dealt through not directly, but we deal 
through the dealers and they are being paid the commission to basically sell the subscription to the company, sorry to 
the customer and then might subsidize the phone call, be out of that commission. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A>: Ruth [ph], if you looking of forecasting though, be aware obviously that Columbia is one at the markets that 
where we will subsidize the handsets. So, and obviously you only got one quarter of 2006 in your numbers. So you'll 
have factor that into any forecast even those as Marc says most of time it's coming down. 


<Q>: Right. Okay. Okay. And David this is silly question, but who is the phone provider in Columbia? A number of 
three... 

<A - David Sach>: There is Avantel as a... 

<Q>: Avantel, yes the next. Okay. Yes. Okay. And then the final question is well one tiny question about CapEx. In the 
network in each one of the countries, are they a 100% Millicom or kind of a blend of leased and owned? 

<A>: The radio part on core network is all ours, we do lead some five fiber optic and some transmission from other 
operators, but on the radio part and full of networks this is ours. 

<Q>: Okay. And the in terms of leverage what you guys view as a good kind of a target leverage overall? And what do 
you think would be appropriate in terms of leverage at Opco versus leverage at Holdco? 

<A>: Well, we have said historically that we would not go and in all course of business 221, net EBITDA leverage, 
ratio, sorry. And we would like to make the Holdco company debt free, because as David had explained several times, 
we don't get any tax benefits on having interest cost debts. All the debts should be at the operating company, going 
forward. 

<Q>: Okay. Okay. 

<A>: Rouge, the revenues from equipment sales in 2006 was 76 million. 

<Q>: 76, million. Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take a question now from Mary Austin from Tax World Funds. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mary Austin>: Yeah. You were talking about taking up the high yield bond next year, refinancing them, do you 
think you will be calling them or tendering for them? 

<A>: No we have a, first cash pays in the December of '08, so we will probably wait until then. 

<Q - Mary Austin>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take a follow up question from Sven Skold from Swedbank. Please go ahead 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Yes. I was just wondering about, Congo seems to be very strong slot up here in Q1. Can you 
discuss that going forward and also discuss the competition because at least in my opinion, would be so in Ghana was 
that maybe not all player were that strong in the market. How is that in, in Congo? 

<A>: In Congo, you have to, you have two, some good big players toward a common Celtel who together have 90% of 
the market and then two smaller ones including ourselves as number four. So, there is a lot of work to be done in 
Congo so the start is encouraging in terms of subscriber intake but its far too early to really say much more than that at 
this point in time, because we need to see now what kind of revenues we will be generating in that country. On top of 
that we still need to do a massive network build up because we just started with I think something like just over 200 
base stations. So now we want to further grow that network and that then should hopefully, allow us to continue 
growing the subscriber base and also get the revenues. But yet it's a tough market given the market share of the two big 
ones, but at the same time its markets where mobile penetration is just extremely low 5%. So for an operator like us 


who has been successful in markets with a lot of mobile penetration, its an easier job for us to gain market share in a 
market with 5% mobile penetration and getting market share in the market where you have 80% mobile penetration. 
So, but as always it's never as ever easy. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: But to be honest then there are two main competitors and I mean with big confidence behind them 
and potential big investments with two main competitors and then you hopefully... 

<A>: Yes. Its big access from other countries is not necessarily again key for success. So, I think it all comes down as 
to how well we will be implanting our strategy in Congo and that's what we are doing. So, hopefully, we'll be able to 
give you somewhat more guidance in the second quarter, because then we will have count months of revenue, under 
our belts and let a feel as to we know what is happening in the market. But, yeah, we still -- we've never said that we 
would be number one or number two what we wanted to become what's a number three in that market whether 20 to 
25% market share overtime. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Okay. Sounds great, thanks. 

<A>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. We have a question now from Ben Camaloride [ph] from Standard & Poor's Equity. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. I guess I wonder firstly on do you consider the possibility to do partnership with the other 
companies in order to deploy your brand TEGO rather then making straight acquisition of the projects and scale that 
have been going on. 

<A>: Not, at this point in time. We just want to keep full control over our brands. 

<Q>: Okay. And then second on Asia there it seems to be good growth there in Sri Lanka there in the quarter, but have 
you made any changes to your view in Asia and what is -- any news to report on Vietnam? 

<A>: I think what is happening in Asia is what I told offset to the Q4 release and that is that we expect Asia to grow 
faster this year and you can see this from broader subscriber at point of view, as well from a revenue point of view. The 
only line that did not grow was EBITDA that's the reason. The reason for that is that the revenue share change in the 
Cambodia last year and then in March. So Q1 '06 still has a better revenue share in Columbia -- in Cambodia then Q1, 
2007. Q2 that will be gone so I would expect that EBITDA will also start going up a bit faster. No news to report out of 
Vietnam other than we hear that the government is preparing itself to privatized the mobile telephone companies. 

<Q>: Okay. And then there is one regarding CapEx there. You talked earlier that the share of engineering is increasing 
of the CapEx split. Have you done any progress there in order to deploy and that's for at lower cost in that respect 
gaining more coverage at a higher cost or more for the money so to speak? 

<A>: I don't know, you are referring to the bank, but I didn't say those words, so I don't know why you are talking 
about the engineering? 

<Q>: I mean. Yes I mean the deployment of physical cost, union cost etcetera. That's why I guess you are benefiting 
from lower cost of that. So to speak the base station and switches etcetera, while the other cost part component is 
increasing of the total CapEx? 

<A>: What we said in the past is that in the split of local and imported equipments the imported came down over the 
years because of the price competition there between the different tenders. While the local cost increased because there 
is less competition in the local market and maybe we didn't do as per the job in terms of procurement as we've done for 
the imported equipment. We now have a team, we are building a team that will be focusing on procurement of local in 
our infrastructure and hopefully we'll be able to drive down those costs. 


<Q>: So, roughly how big of a share is equipment and the others like construction cost etcetera on your CapEx budget 
in terms of millions? 
<A>: I mean we -- that between importers probably like 40 imports and 60 local. 
<Q>: Okay. 


<A>: And local could be air conditioners and stuff like that, but it is what we buy local is, we don't import it. 
<Q>: Okay. And then my last question would be when it comes to your balance sheet to is yet as strong you seems to 
be having some cash flow, then what about dividend going forward? What is your view on that? 


<A>: There is no decision taken by the Board or by the shareholders to pay dividends. That's the only thing I can say. 
<Q>: All right. Thank you very much. 
<A>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. We've got a question now from Marcus Kaufman [ph] from Classic Fund Management. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hello. I'd like to come back to Central America once again on the great margins you have there. Just sequentially 
looking, Q1 over Q4 sales, revenues are down a million and EBITDA is up by 6 million or 5 million. So what kind of 
costs that you taking out there? 

<A>: That's...Okay, what I said earlier on the call is that the reason why we see improved margins in Central America 
has to do with the call patterns that we get more on net calls, on that calls that calls made on by customers on our 
network and on those calls you get a 100% gross margin. So the more of those calls you get as a percentage in the 
overall number of calls the higher margin you get and that I think is the major reason why we see the development in 
EBITDA margin in Central America. 

<Q>: So it's less than financial fees? 

<A>: Yeah of course you also see economies of scale. The businesses are getting big, and bigger so it's probably also a 
little bit of that in there. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take question now from Eric Woehrling from Martin Currie. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Eric Woehrling>: Hi, there. My apologies, because I joined this call late, but you've obviously seen a slow down 
in the number of net new ads particularly in Central where you have this introduction of per second which had driven 
the higher growth and also in Africa, I am sorry in South America were there any unusual things contributing to that or 
was it just kind of a base effect? 

<A>: I don't think there was a slow down at all and what you are comparing as Q4 was Q1. 

<Q - Eric Woehrling>: All right. 

<A>: So Q4 in the entire industry and entire world is the strongest quarter of the year. So its not like the growth has 
being slowing down otherwise I don't think we would have been able to increase a subscriber base by 94% so and on 
the TIGO base at even a 100%. So no I don't think there is a slow down. This is just seasonality. 


<Q - Eric Woehrling>: Okay. And in both South America and in Africa, your increasing cost was higher then what 
one would have expected given the number of new subscribers, can we put that down to anything in particular, was up 
for the Congo, a lot of them OpEx in Congo in Q, very close of that? 

<A>: Of course, you work with -- by operating cost where of late, you very, very limited revenues in Congo and that 
makes the ratio doesn't look good as we will grow the business, that ratio will start looking a lot better and then I will 
comeback what I said before, as where should I stop improving the margin and Africa going forward. 

<Q - Eric Woehrling>: Okay and then South America? 

<A>: South America I don't know but I think you know the margin we gained 7 point in EBITDA excluding Columbia 
over the last -


<A>: Basically the... 

<A>: No it's driven by value added services e-pin to second billing, and then in that part of the world, but I've been 
driving this trend of EBITDA growing faster than revenues and revenue is growing faster than subscribers. 

<Q - Eric Woehrling>: Yes so I – just forgive me, but I what meant was that ARPU, ex-Columbia was positive but 
actually if you look at the increase in OpEx, it was higher then other quarters where you've had more subscriber 
growth, so I guess was there any kind of investment than anything or? 

<A>: No nothing is special to report no. 

<Q - Eric Woehrling>: Okay and just a technical one on Democratic Republic of Congo where you have 193,000 then 
you put a little note saying that you've cleaned some inactive customers. So you have a big increase in customers 
despite the clean up, is that the correct we have...? 

<A>: No while we've taken, we look at the daily edge in our subscriber base across the world, including Congo and we 
think that a number of subscribers 50,000 will not to be able to continue to live up of our definition of subscriber going 
forward, so that's why we kind of took them out in advance. But we had 193,000 subscribers at the end, active 
subscribers who generate the calls within 30 day's in the first quarter of this year. And so that is up from I think the 45 
or 50,000 we had at the end of last year. So it's almost like a 140,000 to 150,000 net new subscribers in Congo and let 
say a little bit over two months because we launched TIGO in the middle of January. So I think it's a pretty good result. 

<Q - Eric Woehrling>: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We will take a question now from Omar Lowe [ph] from Lipitus Partners [ph]. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on a solid quarter. 

<A>: Thank you. 

<Q>: Just on looking to what the CapEx for '07, 800 million build out, could you guys talk a little bit more in detail 
about the network growth, how long it takes typically from plan to execution when you guys can have subscribers up 
on the given tower and talk about what the structure is at the back hall, what type of back hall there is growth network 
in South America in particular? 

<A>: We plan on network build out so we build buckets which we didn't look at after a couple of month and 
reforecasting and relation to that we then place our orders with the supplies and sell equipment to you, you get very 
quickly some, it takes number of months. So for a going concern the delays aren't that, they actually do a start up like 
Congo of course, there it takes a year to build the network, but for an ongoing business we plan those to make sure that 


we don't get bobbled in the network, as we go forward. The way we don't carry our traffic, more and more of our traffic 
nowadays is carried virtually in the cities of fiber optic. We have our own fiber optic range to some of the cities in 
Latin America. We start looking at that in Africa too because the volume start to increase so much that, my belief is no 
longer a solution in some of those places. Some times as I said earlier on the call, we release capacity from incumbents 
or from other operators. So we look at the best solution, the lowest cost solution, combined with providing a quality 
service to our customers. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will take a question now from Emma Wager [ph] from SED [ph]. Please go ahead. 
<A>: Hello. 

Operator 

Hello Emma your line is open now. 
<Q>: Hello. 
<A>: Yes. 
<Q>: Yes. Now you can here me. Okay. I just have two questions. First, is it reasonable to believe that you can add an 


equal number of subscribers in 2007 as you did in 2006 in Lain America, if you exclude Colombia? 


<A>: We don't give guidance, so I can't turn out to that question. But you have seen that the subscriber number in Latin 
America in the first quarter was a very strong one 750,000 subscribers in Central America. So we started well. 
<Q>: Yes. 
<A>: So we will see how -- how per-second billing and stuff like that will further develop in the next quarter and then 


we will have a better ideal as to what subscriber number is going to be 


<Q>: Okay. And then I would just like to ask if we can expect the same margin as that guided before for Columbia was 
16% for the full year 2007? 
<A>: Well, we are 21% now, so what we says is that we don't expect that to grow from the current level that we will be 


focusing on topline growth that will be our top priority. Having said that I don't see the margin going down in 
Columbia going forward. I think it will probably want to go up. But not at all this year because of the topline, the 
priority on topline growth. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 
<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you Mr. Beuls. There are no further questions at this time. Are there are any other points you wish to raise at this 
time. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you Operator. Once again I would like to thank all of you for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up 
questions don't hesitate to gives us a call. Thank you and have good day. 

Operator 

That will conclude today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation and have good day. You 
may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


