Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David Sach, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• David Kestenbaum 
• Alexander Vislykh 
• William Miller 
• Anders Wennberg 
• Peter Nielsen 
• Kevin Roe 
• Andreas Ekstrom 
• Soomit Datta 
• Louis Sarkes 
• Sven Skold 
• Matthias Soderberg 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to today's Millicom 2006 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results 
Conference Call. For your information, this conference is being recorded. May I also remind you that this call is being 
audio streamed over the web and is accessible at www.millicom.com, together with the presentation summarizing the 
key features of the results. 

I would now like to hand you over to the host of today's conference call, Mr. Marc Beuls, President and CEO, and Mr. 
David Sach, CFO. Please go ahead sir. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator and welcome to everyone who has joined us today. For this call, both David and I will be using 
slide to run you through the results. It will be helpful to have the slides in front of you, and you can find them on our 
homepage at www.millicom.com. We both will be happy to answer any questions you have at the end. But first, I 
would like to give you an overview of the results and run you through the performance of each cluster. 

As you all have seen from the statement, we represented our current and prior year results to exclude discontinued 
operations, largest element being Paktel which no longer appears in our numbers other than item held for sales on the 
balance sheet and as a single line on the P&L. We announced last month that we have signed an agreement for the sale 
of our majority stake in Paktel to China Mobile implying an enterprise value for Paktel of $460 million. And I was 
delighted to report the completion of that transaction yesterday. Subsequently, we have merged the South Asia and the 
Southeast Asian cluster into one Asian cluster. 


Returning to the headline numbers on slide number two of the Pak. The fourth quarter of 2006 was once again a record 
setting one, surpassing the third quarter. We had 3.7 million new subscribers in Q4 including 1.9 million from the 
acquisition of Colombia Movil, giving us a total intake for the year of 7.4 million and yearend position of 14.9 million 
subscribers. 

The number of subscribers for Colombia is similar to that for Pakistan, so the treatment of Paktel was a discontinued 
operation and the consolidation of Colombia together have no material impact on the yearend subscriber numbers. We 
are delighted to have entered the Colombian market and today our operations there, El and Guatemala both over 2 
million subscribers. Five of our other operations each have more than 1 million subscribers on their network. 

The strong subscriber growth of 99% from Q4 2005 has fueled revenues, also up 99% and EBITDA up 71%. 
Millicom's CapEx for the quarter was $247 million, up from a $116 million in Q4 2005, bring the total for the year to 
$616 million excluding discontinued operations. 

We have invested in our networks in all of our regions, but particularly in our new Columbian business and in our 
operation in the Democratic Republic of Congo. And we are delighted about these operations and our successfully 
launch of TIGO brand and are applying our AAA strategy and customer focus business model centered on the core 
values of affordability, accessibility and availability. To rollout of TIGO brand is now almost complete across 
Millicom, with the launch allowance scheduled for the first quarter of this year and we look forward to seeing the real 
benefits of this in Africa and Asia progressively in the coming quarters. 

As seen in slide number three, Millicom added almost 3.7 million total subscribers in the fourth quarter bringing the 
total to 14.9 at the end of December, representing a 99% increase over the fourth quarter of 2005. As I have said before, 
the subscriber growth indicates that Millicom's businesses are now well into the accelerated J-curve of emerging 
market growth. In Q4, subscribers at Central America grew by 89% year-on-year and in South America about 65% on a 
like-for-like basis. The acquisition of Columbia has virtually doubled our subscriber base in South America. Africa 
reported year-on-year subscriber growth of 71% in Q4, which gives us confidence that we will be able to capitalize on 
the growth potential in Africa in the same way that we have across Latin America. However in Africa the population 
unlikely, far larger, so the longtime potential is even greater. 

Attributable cellular subscribers calculated as a 100% of subscribers in our subsidiary operations and our percentage 
ownership of subsidiaries in each joint ventures increased by 105% from the fourth quarter of 2005 to $12.8 million, at 
the end of December. By foreshows that for Q4 we have reported our highest ever quarterly revenue of $544 million, 
an increase of 99% from the fourth quarter of 2005. 

In Central America where penetration is higher and networks are more developed, revenue growth at 77% in Q4 is 
extremely strong. Both Guatemala and Honduras produced revenue growth of at least 80%. South America excluding 
Columbia also produced revenue growth of 80%, which represented the strongest year-on-year organic growth for the 
quarter, by any cluster. Revenues for Africa increase by 59% and revenues for Asia by 15%. 

Turning to EBITDA growth and referring to slide number five, EBITDA for the three months ended December 31st, 
2006 was $229 million a 71% increase from the fourth quarter of 2005, the EBITDA margin was 42%. 

Well, lets now look at the clusters as a result of each clusters starting with Central, America, which remained our 
largest cluster in terms of revenue and EBITDA. On slide 6, you can see that the total subscribers reach 5.2 million up 
89% over 900,000 new subscribers were added in the quarter, the highest addition recorded by any cluster, coinciding 
with the complete rollout of a second billing across the region and demonstrating the clear demand for the affordable 
telephony as TIGO reaches previously un-penetrated rural areas. Quarterly year-on-year growth for Central America 
was 77% to $251 million for the fourth quarter of 2006. EBITDA for Central America increased by 62% to $131 
million for the fourth quarter of 2006, and EBITDA margin was 52%. 

Please turn to slide number 7 to look at the results of South America in more detail. Subscribers grew by 224% to 4.3 
million following the consolidation of Columbia Movil, which accounted for 2.1 million subscribers in the fourth 
quarter. Excluding Columbia's subscribers grew by 65%, revenue for Q4 grew by 305% to $162 million relative to Q4 
2005 or by 80% excluding Columbia. EBITDA increased by 195% on a quarterly year-on-year basis to $49 million, 


excluding Columbia, the growth was still very impressive of 109% demonstrating the success of the continuing TIGO 
rollout and the launch of additional value added services, which continue to drive revenues and enhance earnings. 

We launch TIGO in late November in Columbia and the change of the brand already made the small impact in 
December. We are improving the accessibility of TIGO by increasing the number of distribution outlets and bringing 
this to level comparable to our other Latin American markets. The affordability of our services has improved and with 
the continued network build up we expect a top-line growth to start accelerating later in the year 2007. 

EBITDA margin for South America was 30% down from the previous quarter as a consequence of the consolidation of 
Columbia Movil. In fact, Columbia Movil's profitability being ahead of expectations it's lower margin will continue to 
result in a temporary reduction of Millicom's consolidated EBITDA margin for the medium-term until such time that 
the business operates at the EBIT Millicom EBITDA margin. However, I am pleased to report that the EBITDA margin 
product line again reach 50%, proof of the positive impact of the second billing and e-PIN. 

Turning to slide number 8, you will see that in our Africa cluster total subscribers increased by 71% to 3.4 million at 
the end of Q4 2006. The subscriber growth continued to a year-on-year increase in quarterly revenue of 59% or $92 
million and despite the heavy startup cost of building out the new and extended networks in Africa, EBITDA increased 
by 53% to $33 million representing an EBITDA margin of 36%. The progress we made in building a new network in 
Congo allowed us to launch TIGO brand in January and today that operation is serving more than a 100,000 customers. 

Slide 9, talks about Asia, and as I have mentioned we have merged the South Asia and Southeast Asia cluster into one 
Asian region following the sale of Paktel and slide 9 shows that subscribers in this new cluster increased by 42% from 
Q4 2005 to 2 million at the end of Q4 2006. 

Revenue was $38 million for the fourth quarter, up 15% from Q4 2005 and EBITDA was $16 million, up 8% 
producing an EBITDA margin of 42%. We have been investing heavily in the network in Sri Lanka and launched 
TIGO in January, which almost completes our plan rollout of the brand across Millicom. Ours will be the last one to 
follow in Asia soon. Now, I would like to hand over to David to talk you through the financials. David, please go 
ahead. 

David Sach, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you Marc. Please turn to slide 10, where you see the key financial ratios for the full year 2006, compared to last 
year. Overall, the EBITDA margin has decrease slightly from 47% last year to 46%. This is mainly due to the lower 
than average EBITDA margin from the recently acquired Columbian business and higher non-recurring operating 
income in the prior year. Excluding Columbia we would see a stable EBITDA margin of 47% in 2006, despite the 
lower non-recurring income. 

As mentioned in our previous calls we achieved economies of scale from growing our businesses. This growth has 
improved our gross margin because the greater percentage of our revenues comes from calls within around networks. 
These are highly profitable calls because there are no costs for us to connect with other mobile or fixed networks. 

In addition, we are beginning to see the benefits of expanding our value added services, which help sustain ARPUs, 
which in turn had a positive impact on gross margin. Furthermore, the growth in our businesses drove economies of 
scale for our G&A cost, which enabled us to reduce these costs, as a percentage of sales. Offsetting the gross margin 
and G&A cost percentage is slightly higher sales and marketing cost as a percentage of revenue. This is due to higher 
cost in Sri Lanka and the Congo in order to promote the recently launched TIGO brands in these operations. 

Slide 11, shows the recently quarterly EBITDA trend, excluding Columbia EBITDA margins have been rising slightly, 
including Columbia the EBITDA margin was 42% in the fourth quarter. Looking forward, as we improve the EBITDA 
margins for our Columbian and Congolais businesses, we would expect the consolidated EBITDA margins to trend 
towards recent levels. 


On slide 12, you will see several items impacting the comparability of the results. Please note that the figures in both 
years have been presented to segregate the results of the discontinued operations, which is shown, as a single line item 
below net profit after tax. Virtually, corporate costs including stock compensation has increased by 24 million, due to 
changes in the incentive plans resulting in higher stock compensation cost of 10 million, the one-off expenses of 
conducting the strategic review totaling roughly $6 million and additional resources put into corporate during the 
second half of the year to help and manage the growth of the businesses. 

Looking forward, we expect corporate cost to remain fairly stable at the current full year levels. Secondly, depreciation 
is higher mainly due to the rising CapEx and the Columbian acquisition. Thirdly, interest expense is slightly higher 
because of increased operating company debt, so this was more than offset by the higher interest income from 
increased cash balances. 

Please turn to slide 13, on this slide we have presented the quarterly CapEx from continuing operations. As you can see 
CapEx has steadily risen from the third quarter of 2005 and reached to peak of 247 million during the fourth quarter of 
2006. This brings the total CapEx spending for the year to $616 million representing an average level of CapEx of 164 
million per quarter in 2006 versus 65 million per quarter in 2005. CapEx picked in the fourth quarter, as we invested in 
our new Columbian business and continue to invest even more heavily to support the TIGO launch for our Congolais 
business. With the addition of our Columbian business and continued increase spending on our existing businesses, 
particularly in Africa and Sri Lanka, absolute CapEx spend is likely to be even higher in 2007, but it will decrease as a 
percentage of sales. 

Slide 14 shows the quarterly breakdown is depreciation, you can see that depreciation started to increase at the 
beginning of 2005 when we began to accelerate the depreciation of our older technology networks. Depreciation has 
risen in 2006 mainly due to the higher level of CapEx that has steadily increased from the third quarter of 2005, but 
also due to depreciation and amortization related to the Columbian acquisition. 

On slide 15 we have presented a quarterly debt slide whereby you can see the impact of settling the 5% exchangeable 
notes in Q3 of 2006 when we transferred the Tele2 shares to noteholders. This resulted in a decrease of total debt to 
943 million and in Q4, total debt rose to $1.494 million due to the impact of the Columbian acquisition. 

Please turn to slide 16. You can see the corresponding quarterly interest expense. The effective interest rate was 
reasonably stable throughout 2005 and the first half of 2006. Whilst the interest expense fell in Q3, the effective rate 
increased due to the settlement of the 5% exchangeable notes, which had a lower than average effective rate of 8%. The 
effective rate increase again in Q4 due to the addition of the Columbian debt, which had an effective rate of almost 
11%. In 2007 we are looking at the possibilities of refinancing the Columbian debt and reducing the effective rate. 

Slide 17 provides an analysis of other income and costs. The positive variance is largely caused by foreign exchange 
movements due to the relative weakness of the US dollar in 2006. The other movements were relatively minor. 

Slide 18 shows that the blended tax rate for the operating companies was 24% in both years. Looking forward, this rate 
is likely to be higher for the next year too as the Columbian and Congolais businesses incur losses without tax benefits 
and as they begin to represent a larger proportion of profit before tax to the total group. 

Pleasingly the overall group tax rate has fallen to 33% for the full year versus 40% in 2005. This is obviously due to the 
higher percentage of profits before tax generated by the operating companies to pay the total group profits before tax 
but also reflects the actions we are taking to better manage our tax position. As mentioned on previous calls, we are 
taking steps to increase the management of Bertrange as the company stays in corporate especially now that TIGO has 
been rolled out in several more countries. This creates additional tax deductions in the operating companies, but does 
not create taxable income of corporate, because of the corporate costs. As such our overall group effective tax rate is 
lowly. As you can see, the net non-deductible cost in corporate are falling as a result of these tax planning actions. 

As our operating companies become even more profitable we will be able to transfer even more income to corporate, 
but are unlikely to fully offset the corporate costs until 2008, when the 10% bond can be refinanced with local company 
debt. Afterwards we might be able to get the overall group tax rate below 30%, but this will portend under geographical 
mix of profits and the profitability of our Columbian and Congolese businesses. 


On slide 19 we have presented the cash flow from continuing operations separately by segregating the cash flow related 
to discontinued businesses. This slide shows that our strong operating cash flows are financing the increasing level of 
investments. We ended the period with a very strong cash position of $657 million. Our net debt position increased to 
$837 million, but is still at a very healthy 1.2 times EBITDA. The increase in net debt was due to the assumption of the 
existing debt as part of the Columbian acquisition. Looking forward our growing operating cash flows put us in an 
extremely strong position to continue investing significantly in the businesses. 

Slide 20 shows that there were three main areas of investment in 2006. We invested 616 million in CapEx, 35 million 
in acquisitions by purchasing the remaining minority interest in Tanzania, Senegal, Paraguay and Sierra Leone, net of 
the cash assumed as part of the Columbian acquisition, and lastly we invested 35 million in licenses mainly additional 
spectrum acquired in Guatemala and El Salvador. 

Thank you. Now I would hand you back to Mark. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks David. Fourth quarter has again delivered exceptional growth with revenues up by 99% or $544 million and 
EBITDA up by 71% to $229 million, driven by the addition of 3.7 million new subscribers who are attracted by our 
affordable, accessible and available services embodied in the TIGO brand. 

The growth we've seen in 2006 is the result of a step-up in CapEx, which totaled $616million for the full year in our 
continuing operations. Growth in our 16 core markets will continue to be fueled by investments in the network, in our 
operations. And for this we are anticipating CapEx towards $800 million. The focus will be on our more populous 
markets of Columbia and DRC Congo. Its early days for TIGO in these markets but initial signs are extremely 
encouraging. 2007 has started well for Millicom across all regions with continued momentum in Latin America 
benefiting from e-PIN after second billing. In Africa we expect the teen acceleration in growth in the second tier since 
TIGO was launched, replicating the growth pattern in Latin America. Asia should also start generating higher top line 
growth in 2007, fueled by the increased CapEx in 2006. We look forward to reporting these results for the first quarter 
on April 24. This concludes my comments and we will now be happy to take your questions. So, operator, may I 
pleased have the first question. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question now from David Kestenbaum from Morgan Joseph. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Yeah. Thanks a lot. Congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A>: Thank you, David. 

<A>: Thank you. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Your marketing costs have risen in the last two quarters. Should we expect that to remain 
at the current level in the first quarter and then cut, shrink down throughout the year? 

<A>: The fourth quarter is always quarter with a higher marketing spends because of the, especially Latin America are 
largest region, because of the year-end promoters that we run at that point in time. So, I would expect that going 
forward to the sales and marketing expenses, I would not say at the level of the fourth quarter of last year. I think, that 
should go back to the levels that you saw before. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. Even when some of the TIGO roll outs in the first quarter? 


<A>: I think we have shown that introducing TIGO in the existing markets doesn't necessarily come at a huge cost. So, 
I think these are cost prices for Congo. As it cost we needed to do anyway in order to re-launch that network and as I 
said on the call that is going well and also in Srilanka, last couple of months we have been holding back a little bit so 
that money that we are spending now on the launch of TIGO. So, I don't expect such and there is some marketing 
expense as a result of that. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. And now that you are sitting on nice power of cash does that change your thinking? 
On the last call, you said you would wait nine months before entering another acquisition or at least looking. Has that 
changed at all? 

<A>: I think in terms of our priorities they are still the same. First priority for us is to fuel our growth. We continue to 
fuel our growth by CapEx and the CapEx guidance I gave of 800 million is always as higher than what we had the 
previous year. So that is our top priority. Secondly, we will continue to look at opportunities to increase our ownership 
in joint ventures and to ultimate maybe own 100% of those businesses. Those are the two most important or the two 
highest priorities. And once we will have digested Congo and Columbia, who knows maybe we'll look at some new 
markets that we will not -- we're not planning going in large number of new markets, it will be -- if we go ahead with 
these markets very close to where we are today and where we can leverage TIGO brand and where we can create 
synergies with existing businesses. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. And then finally, you comment on Columbia, how long do you think it will take you 
to get to EBITDA margins that are similar to the rest of your markets? And can you give us some color on what you're 
seeing there, what's the low hanging fruit that you've been able to take advantage of at this point? 

<A>: We have always seen that -- I think this is a great market Columbia, but its a sophisticated market, that we also 
see that the AAA model as we call up, has not really well been rolled out by anybody else. So what we're focusing on 
so far is; first introduction of the new brands and I think that has gone well for us. In fact positive impact we saw in 
December that continued in January. Secondly, we've improved the affordability, so we will focus much more on 
E-PIN, low denomination recharge cards, reload cards. The big progress that needs to be made is on distribution. So we 
have, as a percentage much lower number of points of distribution in Columbia than we have in other markets in Latin 
America. So, we are working very hard on that. And that we will continue or we are continuing investing in the 
network, although that is not the big issue. I think these are just investments that need to be done in order to cope with 
the growth going forward. So I would say most important for us is get the distribution improved. And secondly, also 
improve the affordability. And then of course also, as we have proven in other South American markets like cards 
value added services is something we will focusing on a lot. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take a question now from Morgan Stanley, Alexander Vislykh. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Yes, hi. Just two questions one on the Columbia, you mentioned that margin is running 
ahead of your expectation, it actually works out at about 16%, if I am right? If you back out -- back it out from the 
figures that you've presented in the press release? 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: And do you think it would be fair to expect those levels throughout 2007 rather than the 
low single-digit margins as you initially indicated in the last conference call? 

<A>: As I said, the profitability is higher in Colombia that we anticipate is... 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Yes. 


<A>: But we still have a long way to go and as I said earlier the distribution still need to be put in place. We still need 
to pay into Colombia blue with TIGO, written over it and looping cost money, so we will have some cost. So, I don't 
really see as increasing the margin much enough from where it was in the fourth quarter of last year. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Yeah. Okay. So 16% is would be fairfull? 

<A>: I think, it's -- the good assumption rate for the time being. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Yeah. Okay. And secondly for your EBITDA margin in Africa, it seems to be some 
weakness in the fourth quarter. It's about 36% margin down from 38% in the third quarter, just want to understand the 
underlying reasons for that, do you -- to what extent is that driven by seasonal factors or additional cost from launching 
brand in Senegal and Tanzania. Also how did DRC contribute to the overall performance in Africa, how did the margin 
develop for existing businesses, if you strip out the DRC operation? 

<A>: Yeah. I think there was some one-off adjustment in the fourth quarter in Africa. I think one of them was in 
Senegal and there was some I think in Sierra Leone also, so they have impacted the fourth quarter results. We are 
happy with the margin developments in places like Ghana, the reporting margin over 50%, also chops it's increasing, 
it's margin being at still below the Millicom average. And we also expect that Senegal and Tanzania the two other big 
ones in Africa will start producing higher EBITDA margins. We are as I have said on previous calls, we are building up 
massive network across Africa that has a cost, that is not in the beginning offset by revenues, you lease the sites, you 
build towers, you make a lot of expenses and these are made ahead of the revenues coming in. Also when you build the 
sites, you have to build the full site, you can't fill it up on day one. So these are factors that means the cost at a certain 
point of time will continue to grow a little bit faster than the revenues, but I would expect that in the quarter of 2007 all 
of that is going to be history. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay. And what's approximately the impact of DRC operation, you didn't mention. If we 
were to strip out DRC from your African numbers, where would the profitability be, if that's all to claim? 

<A>: Because DRC runs at negative margins at this point in time and... 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay. 

<A>: Although, it was, in the fourth quarter of tiny business in all, with I think 40, or 50,000 subscribers. So, they'll 
represent much better of that cost in all and we today running a network of with more than 200 sites building those, it 
keep them going without having any revenues against that, that of course impacts the margins in Congo as well as 
across the region. But again, I would expect that about Congo that we should be able to start approving the margins in 
Africa as a result of increased top-line growth and increased subscriber intake. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We now have a question from Bill Miller from Hartwell. Please go ahead. 

<Q - William Miller>: Well, Marc that's not a bad quarter. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you, Bill. 

<Q - William Miller>: Congratulations. The question I have continuous the margin scene, how soon do you think 
you'll be able to get these other countries, that's outlying countries up to the other corporate levels, and do you think 
we'll get back to 50% can you see improvement over the 48% or 47% now as we go forward? And second question is 
on the level of CapEx $800 million, do you still see in the same kind of returns which you've enjoyed over the last two 
years in your CapEx at that time you've said you thought that CapEx would give two year payback, do you think that's 


still true, or do you think we're looking at a slightly less because of the kinds of CapEx expenditures you are making? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Lets start with margin and then David will of to the question on the CapEx. In terms of the margins 
I would expect that being in Latin America would there or more less except for Columbia where as I said before, we 
will need some time in order to get to that average, 45% margin as we have in the previous quarters. I think in Africa 
I'd see room for improved margins, as I said before Senegal, Tanzania I can see margin improvement and also I think 
Congo once we get to certain volumes and should stop reducing some. So, yeah, I think we can get that margin up, and 
42% in the fourth quarter was higher than what we have anticipated in all plants so that's a very positive development, 
which as I said earlier before is driven by the better profitability we see in Columbia and what we have planned for. So, 
we have I think we're going be able to increase that margin, or we're going also get back to 50, future will tell us Bill 
that I can't tell you today. So... 

<Q - William Miller>: How about the timeframe Marc, is the timeframe you can give us or getting back to say 48 
across the board, or corporate margins of 48 is in 2007 or 2008 or do you have a timeframe? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We're not going to get there in 2007, I have said that is not within our plan. So at this point of time 
building because we said when an build network you get the subscribers and then overtime you get the results and I 
think that's how we should be doing rather than from day one focus on the return only because that might hamper the 
growth, David can you talk about CapEx. 

<A - David Sach>: Sure. Well, as you know, Bill we have got three release, different areas of our payback on the 
CapEx, one is when we putting in capacity, there's basically network equipment and with those prices falling we are 
looking at paybacks in once or two years. On the coverage side when we start building civils, okay that obviously more 
expensive when the payback comes in two to three years, and then as you know we are doing major, major rollouts like 
to Sri Lanka, like to DRC and obviously those paybacks extend further on. So I would expect next year as we do more 
of these big rollouts in Srilanka and DRC. I think you can expect the payback just through the blending of those three 
different types of CapEx, till they start extending further than the two years that we have been -- just being when we 
mainly been putting in capacity on to the networks. 

<Q - William Miller>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - David Sach>: You are welcome. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We have a question now from Anders Wennberg from RAM. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Hello, Anders Wennberg from RAM. I was just wondering that if you can talk a little bit 
more about South America, excluding Columbia, and since that your ARPU went up about 7% year-over-year and a 
couple of percent Q-on-Q in Bolivia, Paraguay and also margin expanded 48%, which is 2 or 3 percentage points better 
than last quarter and 5-6 percentage points, 7 percentage points better than last year. Can you see that trend continuing 
or has there been any particular strong trends in this quarter you expect ARPU to continue rising or not? 

<A>: Well, as far as South America concerned it is trend that we have spoken about this before and I have said on the 
call Paraguay back in the 50% EBITDA margin, which is very good news and that is driven by a focus which started 
about a year ago on e-PIN and for second billing and that has done terrific things for us, because it has substantially 
improved the affordability factor for us and that allowed us to tap into new market segments. So definitely that will 
continue and you also know the Paraguay is our leader as a world-class company when it comes to value added services 
and of course value added services not only generate new revenue streams, but they also generate very attractive 
margins, so that drives us. Secondly, in Bolivia we have seen very strong performance in Bolivia. That business is 
really doing extremely well following the change to GSM technology late 2005, and as I have said last year on one of 
the call I think for Bolivia the best still have to come because we know that's only in the second year and now also the 


change of technology and the launch of TIGO that you are going to see the best results. So yes, South America has 
approached the levels almost of Central America in terms of profitability, EBITDA margin and in terms of top line 
growth and about 80% top line growth even surpass Central America in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Staying on South America, how much of the depreciation increase is in kind of intangible 
assets due to the Columbia acquisition or the goodwill type of depreciation? 

<A>: Ask the question again please. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: How much of the increase in depreciation is goodwill depreciation so intangible asset 
depreciation in Columbia of that acquisition? 

<A>: If you breakdown the acquisition price of the 125 million, you can roughly go half was goodwill, which we don't 
amortize at all and then half was intangibles like the subscriber base and such which we do amortize and the 
amortization on that was roughly 2 to 3 million a quarter, but what we also do under the intangibles, we actually had 
true value of the brand in Columbia and as you know we re-branded TIGO so that unfortunately while we had to put a 
value on that brand it had to future use to us. So we had to expend it over October and November and that was close to 
4 or 5 million dollars that we had to expend in Q4. So that 4 or 5 million plus the other 2 to 3 million is the total 
amortization on the intangible within Columbia. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay. So the depreciation and amortization was a little bit higher then level in Q4 
compared to down lying levels out there? 

<A>: There was the amortization, obviously there is depreciation on the fixed asserts. We took on roughly 500 million 
of fixed assets from Columbia, so if you calculate the depreciation on that over six years, that's getting toward 20 
million for the quarter. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A>: You are welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. We now have a question from Peter Nielsen from Cheuvreux. Please go ahead sir. 

<Q - Peter Nielsen>: Thank you very much. Peter Kurt Nielsen from Cheuvreux. Just turning on to your few 
comments on sort of accelerating growth, which we have seen through this year and you are saying that some of your 
markets we expect further acceleration and the current growth that you are reporting now actually, obviously 
significantly some of them sort of your prognosis from earlier in the year. Would you be prepared at this stage to give 
us some indication of what kind of growth rate you would expect or be happy with for 2007? Thank you. 

<A>: We don't give any guidance on the topline growth, and so I won't able to give you any hard numbers there. But 
we have said is that we definitely expect that Africa is going to accelerate the growth because we haven't been making 
substantial investments in the quarter of 2006 and they have already started generating revenues. And it is not only in 
Congo, this also goes for Tanzania, Senegal and other countries. So, that definitely will accelerate the growth in Africa. 
Secondly if you see in Asia, growth was fairly low last year. So, with the investments we have been making in the 
course of 2006 in Sri Lanka ahead of the launch of the TIGO brand in the end of January. We also expect that we are 
going to see accelerated growth in that part of the world. Having said that, we continue, as I said, the year 2007 started 
well for us, so we continue to see good growth coming out of Latin America. So, the growth is going to be, as it were, 
and clearly we won't be able to see any growth in Latin America -- we have been growing them. Last year, there was 
still good growth in that region and the other ones we would expect accelerated growth. 

<Q - Peter Nielsen>: Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. We have got a question now from Kevin Roe from Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Thank you. Terrific quarter gentlemen. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you Kevin. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Marc, stepping back from the numbers strategically Asia, is just as you know Cambodia, Laos, Sri 
Lanka, in this quarter it was 7% of your total revenue, its probably taking up a greater percentage of management time 
then its proportion share of revenue. How do you look at that region strategically now that it's such a small piece of the 
pie? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I probably look at that Asia in the same way as I look at any other region we are currently active. 
First of all, the characteristics we see in Asia are very similar to the characteristics we see in Africa in terms of mobile 
penetration, GDP growth and other drivers for our industry. So, I think that is one reason why we should continue 
being in Asia. Secondly, about Asia, is small compared to the rest and was not growing very rapidly last year. But I 
think it's just the third region now that really is going to stop that affecting from the TIGO impact and from much 
increased CapEx, which I would hope, is going to increase the importance in Asia. Thirdly, Asia as you probably know, 
is probably the most competitive region in the whole world from the mobile telephony point of view. It's also a region 
where we historically have learnt a lot of things, which we didn't successfully implemented in other regions. So, I think 
it's important for us to keep an antenna out there in order to find out what are the developments and more about 
telephony, not so much in technology as you know, but in terms of services and copy those services in our Asian 
operations first and than later on into our African and Latin American assets. Let me give you a few examples, e-PIN 
came out of Asia, micro prepaid came out of Asia and the mark-to-market distribution for us came out of Asia. So, 
there are a number of very good concepts that we tested out in Asia first before we implemented it in elsewhere. So, 
those I think are the reason why we should be staying in Asia. And for us it doesn't take more time than it take for other 
countries we have or other regions where we are active. I think in US and Millicom we have learned in how to manage 
16 countries irrespective where they are on the globe. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: The bottom line, its strategic for a lot of different reasons? 

<A>: I think its important for us to really have antenna set across the globe to figure out what is going on in this 
industry, yes. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: On Africa two quick question. First, can you give us a little a more on, I think it was a 120,000 
subscriber days adjustment in Tanzania. And in Congo, when should we start to see a net addition ramp like we have in 
Ghana for instance, 100,000, 200,000 quarterly type net addition run rate, is that a -- towards the end of the year or 
could that happen in the first half of '07? 

<A>: Opening comments. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Okay. 

<A>: Now, clearly as we saw from the subscriber and everything Congo I think the stock was very good, but I think its 
too early to really say much more about that, that we need to have a few months results not only subscriber intake, but 
also many views, revenues and stuff like that before we can really frame ourselves an opinion on the growth outlook in 
Congo, but at least the stock was good. Now in Tanzania, what we are doing is we start a late night option old plan to 
our plan, which allows you make calls for free in the middle of the night and which attract a lot of subscribers in the 
middle of last year. But, those subscribers didn't come with the revenues and therefore we decided to stop that plan, 
taking off the subscriber reduction. And what we have noted is that subscriber reduction does not come with a revenue 
reduction as a matter of fact revenues in Tanzania in December went up and we expect that that will continue as 
ARPUs off course went up. So, I think that was the right decision to take and re-building a better subscriber base with a 
lot more quality and with a better outlook in terms of ARPUs and revenue growth going forward. 


<Q - Kevin Roe>: Are there any other markets in Africa or elsewhere that you have the free night promotions still out 
there, that may also be ending? 
<A>: We don't have a similar situation in any other markets. 
<Q - Kevin Roe>: Terrific. Thanks guys. 
<A>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. We now have a question from Standard & Poor's, Weng Millroyd [ph]. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. I guess we would like to ask you regarding Colombia, there the customer base just 
comparing your number roughly 2 million and on the deal with the numbers as a percent -- mobile it's deviated roughly 
some 800,000 subscribers. So, I just want to, do you recognize to the subscribers and how they are related to the 
revenue side for these other 800,000 that is not accounted in your numbers, are they somehow contributing these 
revenues? 

<A>: First of all I don't know where they get the numbers from, so I'll... 

<Q>: Is that inflated numbers or what? 

<A>: I don't know, I don't want to comment on them because I don't know where these numbers come from. I can only 
say we calculate our subscribers across Millicom and present subscribers somebody we generate revenues, minutes 
within the period of 60 days. And if that doesn't happen then the customer is no longer you active on our network. So, 
that's how we calculate subscribers, because we want to have active revenue generating subscribers. 

<Q>: But could there be customers in your network that is not living up to the standards, you are calculating 
subscribers by their contributing some kind of revenues. 

<A>: If they can take these revenues then we account -- in within the 60 days then we account for them as a subscriber. 

<Q>: Okay. So you mean that is, it's clearly roughly 2.9 million subscribers in Colombia, is that inflated numbers or... 

<A>: Like I said, I can't comment on the number that isn't mine, so I can only comment on that numbers and I can only 
say that our numbers are numbers of active subscribers. 

<Q>: All right. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take a question from Andreas Ekstrom of SEB Enskilda. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Yes. Good afternoon. I just was wondering on these one-offs that you had in Africa in Q4. 
Are they sold and we should expect a normal Q1 so to say? 
<A>: Yeah, these are the things we have taken into our P&L and that's history, so we don't expect them to be recurring. 
<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Perfect. Thanks. 


Operator 

Thank you. We'll take a question now from New Street Research, Soomit Datta. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Soomit Datta>: Hi there. This is Soomit Datta from New Street Research. I've just a couple of questions please. 
First of all, can I just get your latest thoughts, when you look across the whole Millicom universe? Are there any 
markets where you see potential new entrants coming and new potential licenses being issued? I think last time you 
commented on that, there wasn't anything imminent, but if you've heard anything more that'd be useful? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: What I've said before is that two, what I would call major markets where, I think it is publicly 
known that there will be a third operator coming into the market. The first one is Honduras, the government decided 
privatizing on detail or advising it to have a mobile operator. And secondly there is Senegal where there is a process 
ongoing, although it has been ongoing for a while, have invited a third operator to come to the market. So those are the 
two major markets where we expect an additional operator to come into the market. 

<Q - Soomit Datta>: Have you got any sense of timing of what might be happening in Honduras and Senegal or is it 
difficult to say? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I gave the same answer a year ago. So clearly it's taking the government's long imminent decision 
to do it to make that happen. 

<Q - Soomit Datta>: Yeah. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We don't mind. So... 

<Q - Soomit Datta>: Okay. And I am going to ask some quick follow-up question on expansion. You touched a little 
bit on the Asian region. I mean is this sort of ridiculous to think of Millicom moving into markets like Bangladesh, 
India or they sort of simply too larger. Is that something you could look out in the future? Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We are looking at markets where we think we can play a role -- a role of a leading mobile operator. 
I don't think any of the two markets, which you just mentioned, would allow us do so. So, we don't have any ambition 
to enter those markets. 

<Q - Soomit Datta>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We have question now from Andreas Ekstrom from Handelsbanken. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Yes hi. This is Andreas Ekstrom from Handelsbanken. Mark I have a question about Central 
America. In the fourth quarter the revenue figure was still very strong, and the modest resources strong. But we know 
at the same time that America Movil will have a standard, they are trying to copy your concept by launching their own 
Claro band in relation to your TIGO brand. Is that something that you think will impact the numbers going forward? 
Well don't mute. 

<A>: Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay, thank you. So we don't think that those actions will impact our results immediately. Of 
course we will keep our eyes open on any kind of new developments in the market, which could kind of impact our 
situation in the market. We know that in Guatemala, we are about to become the number one in the market there and 
also in El Salvador we have been getting market share and also Honduras will be holding on to our market share. So we 
see positive things happening. So, it might be that, it is not as simple as changing a brand, as you know, TIGO stands 
for a concept, stands for AAAs and I think that explains the success of Millicom in Central America, South America 
and other places. So, it's not the brand as such, you know that makes all the difference. 

Operator 


Thank you. We take a question now from Louis Sarkes from Chesapeake Partners. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Hi. Congratulations on a good quarter. I've just also in terms of the financial priorities you 
indicated that increased CapEx and buying full ownership of joint ventures is the priority, is share repurchase figure 
into that at all? 

<A>: No, we don't have plans other than the ones we -- I mentioned before which is increased CapEx or increase 
investments and increase our ownership, those are the two priorities for us going forward. 

<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Okay. Thank you very much and congratulations. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Mr. Hartwell, your line is open now. 

<Q - William Miller>: Marc, sorry to follow-up. Bill Miller here. Just on Asia, what's the status in Vietnam at the 
moment, do you have any update for us or is it same-same or... 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yeah. 

<Q - William Miller>: ...where do we go? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I have an enough update for you and that is that the BCC liquidation is signed, that was done over 
the last 24 hours. This is something we needed to do by Law. So BCC needs to be liquidated by the two parties, I mean, 
for us, Comvik and then VMS on the other side and that process now has come to an end. What does that mean is that 
Mobifone of VMS is now I guess being prepared for what they call equitization, let's call it privatization. And so we 
will follow that very closely and we hope that the other mere, friends and partners will live up to the commitments they 
have taken over the last couple of years, with respect to giving us a right of first refusal continuing the success or 
cooperation we have with them for 10 years. 

<Q - William Miller>: Marc, how big is that gotten now, how big the deal is in Vietnam, how much expansion we had 
in this previous joint venture you have in the company itself? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Like I said, I don't have red hot data on that venture. So, we are not actively involved in that 
business today, so I have to rely on what I read in the press in terms of what is happening in Vietnam. What is hear is, 
it's a hot high-growth market there. Things are going very, fast. But it is also a market albeit with the big five strong 
mobile operators. So the market has changed since we left that market in May of 2005. 

<Q - William Miller>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A>: Thank you Bill. 

<Q - William Miller>: Wonderful quarter. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. There is a question now from Eric Perth [ph] from Canergy [ph] Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Thank you. I was wondering if I understood you correctly that you introduced now for a second billing in Central 
America and if not when do you plan to introduce that and what do you expect the short-term effects on ARPU and 
EBITDA margins will be I mean for the next quarter after implementation. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes. We did introduce for second billing in Central America, I think about the week, ten days ago. 
We expected to see the same impact that we saw in South America a year ago, the same impact we saw in other 


markets where we introduce the second billing and it's not only for second billing, it's the second billing combined with 
each then I think that combination is that makes all the difference. And so basically we see kind of payback of about 
two to three months following that second billing, because of the second billing is the tariff reduction that's with the 
price elasticity we typically see in those markets and the fact that we take the leadership introducing those concepts we 
have experienced in the past fairly short paybacks and we would expect the same to happen in Central America. 

<Q>: Thank you. Do you plan any special marketing activities in connection with that reduction? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Of course when you launch a second billing you do launch certain campaigns. You want this to be 
known by the public and that means there are promotions that are being run at that point in time. And as we know what 
it amounts to, works well everywhere so people will find out how beneficial the second billing is and they will tell their 
friends and family and they will then hopefully join our networks and with the price elasticity we should get higher 
revenues and higher profitability. As I mentioned on the call South America has been doing very well in the year 2006, 
I think you can more or less attribute all of that the second billing and E-PIN. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. We have a call now from Sven Skold from Swedbank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Thank you. Just some financial details to David. And about the financial net, I thought it was a 
little bit higher during Q4, since you got the money now for the sale of Paktel, don't you expect the cost of debt to go 
down and well from Q1 or Q2 and onward? And then, did I understand correct that the underlying depreciation and 
amortization going forward is around 3 to 4 million lower than in Q4 and down that is the seven year time for 
depreciation on the investments that you do for the moment? 

<A - David Sach>: Hi, Sven. Okay. Regarding the depreciation, yes there was the 1 million I mean the 4 million -- 4 or 
well, I think its almost 5 million to the brand. Yes, that was one-off in Q4, so that will impact depreciation going 
forward. Also as you know, we accelerated the older technology networks. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Yes. 

<A - David Sach>: So you have that depreciation in 2006 that will... 

<Q - Sven Skold>: And that's ended now? 

<A - David Sach>: Pardon? 

<Q - Sven Skold>: That's ended now? 

<A - David Sach>: Some of that ended now, there will be some that goes into 2007. But it will be lower, that 
accelerated depreciation will be lower in 2007. Plus obviously you have got the CapEx. Marc gave a number of 800 
million in CapEx, so CapEx going up will obviously drive the depreciation higher in 2007. Again, you have to factor 
all of those into the equation. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Absolutely, but the 800 million then that should be split over seven years in depreciation? 

<A - David Sach>: And it would be face throughout the year as well. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Okay. I see. 

<A - David Sach>: You will have to take accountably the phasing of the CapEx. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Just a final question also on, well the total Latin America? 


<A - David Sach>: Interest you wanted? 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Sorry. Yes. At least? 

<A - David Sach>: So the, I mean the interest in Q4 has gone up and I gave you the quarterly breakdown, so obviously 
to help you in your forecasting. We did not have the cash yet in Q4 from Paktel that's coming in Q1. So that cash of 
284 million, we've received half of that cash already and should get the other half when the company is recapitalized by 
China Mobile and then they can repay us, I mean the company loans. So when we have that cash, yes, that will help 
reduce the interest -- the net interest expenses, if you will. And as you say, our growing cash balance, if it's not spend 
on minority buyouts and obviously the additional CapEx will obviously help on the interest line. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Sure. And Marc if you look at the total Latin America, do you -- is it possible that that region could 
add as many subscribers during 2007 as it did during 2006 organically I'm comparing the two year into absolute 
numbers? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think in absolute numbers I have said before that I would not expect a slow down, as a percentage 
wise of course it will be a lower percentage this year than it was last year. But we see continuous invest on growth in 
the whole of Latin America and I would hope that with the introduction of the second billing in Central America that 
that will appraise another boost to the topline growth and to the subscriber growth in that part of the world. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: And also a final question, and that's regarding the strong balance sheet that you have for the 
moment, since you're so packed though. How do you look upon that going, I mean one, two or three years ahead from 
now, its really strong for the moment, and when you start to generate cash, I mean, not only before CapEx but also after 
CapEx, you will be very over capitalized, what's your take on that? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think having a strong balance sheet is an asset today because this business as you know has 
become a very capital intensive business and if there is anything we've learnt in the past and all is that you can't grow in 
this business, if you don't have the money. So now, we can invest the money, we grow expensively, we get very good 
results, very good returns on those investments. And that's what I will continue to focus on. And in terms of our 
structure, we do want to change or improve our balance sheet, David has talked about it last year we want to push more 
debt into the operating company, get rid of the debt at the top companies, in order to improve the tax deductibility of 
our interest costs. So those are things we will be working on this year and next year in order to even more strengthening 
the balance sheet. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thanks. 

<A - David Sach>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We've got a question now from Matthias Soderberg from DnB NOR Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Matthias Soderberg>: Yes. Good day. I have few questions regarding the Paktel Q4 numbers. First, I would like 
to know what was the revenue in Pakistan in Q4? 

<A - David Sach>: I just joined that business, I don't know. So but what we have given you know, the way we have 
presented the financials is that in revenues and EBITDA you no longer see Paktel. So the Paktel you get either 
discontinued operations has taken out as a line, which for the fourth quarter was about a loss of 18 to $19 million and 
for the full year was around $75 million. That's the number you can find in our P&L. 

<Q - Matthias Soderberg>: I see. And what about the depreciations in Pakistan in Q4 and also there were some 
external debts left whilst in Paktel and we are just curious what was the exact size of it? 


<A>: We sell the business with the debt, so saying in terms of P&L what's happening on the balance sheet, if you just 
find the line on the balance sheet, that has helped to say and that's the only thing you will find there. 

<Q - Matthias Soderberg>: I see. 

<A>: So, Paktel is either about numbers except for those one lines you see in both balance sheet and P&L. So that 
makes these and we have done the same for 2005, so that makes it easier for you to compare the numbers on a going 
basis. 

<Q - Matthias Soderberg>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] It appears there are no further questions at this time. Gentlemen, I would like to turn the 
conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you operator, and once again to all of you who participated in this call, and I would like to thank you for being 
here today. I hope you have been able to -- or we have been able to answer all of your questions. So hope to see you 
soon at one of the IR activities we are planning in the next couple of weeks. In the meantime thank you and good-bye. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That will conclude today's conference. Have a good day now and please disconnect 
now. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


