Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• François-Xavier Roger, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Anders Wennberg 
• David Kestenbaum 
• Sven Skold 
• Lena Osterberg 
• G. Rusty Johnson 
• Kevin Roe 
• Peter-Kurt Nielsen 
• Alexander Vassiouk 
• Francois-Xavier Roger 
• Jan Dworsky 
• Adrian Dawes 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Millicom Quarter Four 2008 Results Conference Call. For your 
information, this conference is being recorded. May I also remind you that this call is being audio streamed over the 
web and is accessible at www.millicom.com, together with the presentation summarizing the key features of the results. 
I would now like to hand you over to the hosts of today's conference, Mr. Marc Beuls, President and CEO and 
François-Xavier Roger, CFO. Please go ahead, gentlemen. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator and welcome to everyone who has joined us today. You'll find the slides for this call on our 
website and before looking at the results in detail I would like to give you a brief overview. 

The Group performed well in Q4 with an increase of EBITDA margin to 45%, reaching our target of EBITDA margin. 
For the year to December we produced sector-leading revenue growth of 30% and our profitability improved over the 
year with a 219 basis point increase in the second half and a margin for the full year of 43%, which was close to our 
target for the Group. 

The underlying net profit growth for 2008, excluding the one-off events over the two years, such as the sale of Paktel, 
the Colombian deferred taxes, et cetera, was 36% and shows that our underlying earnings are growing strongly. These 
results were achieved despite the headwind of a strongly appreciating dollar in a number of the countries during the 
second half of the year, which was a reflection of an uncertain economic climate. 

For instance, from Q3 to Q4 the local currency depreciated against the dollar by 17% in Colombia, by 16% in 
Paraguay, by 10% in Senegal and Chad, by 8% in Tanzania and by 5% in Ghana. The impact on our business of the 


strong dollar against local currencies is set to continue into 2009. 

We have already taken action in terms of lower CapEx and OpEx to ensure that we are well positioned to meet the 
potential challenges engendered by the macroeconomic environment and a stronger margin reported in Q4 is a 
reflection of those changes. 

In Latin America we have selectively reduced promotions as we have increased our focus on revenue generating 
customers. This change has led to a stabilization in ARPU in Q4 compared to Q3 and in local currency ARPU was 
actually increasing as the combination of a mix with more revenue generating customers and an increase in VAS and 
data services fed through into the numbers. 

Today operators recognize that subscriber growth is cumulatively slower due to the fact that higher mobile penetration 
rates in Latin America mean that these markets will now grow at a more moderate pace. However, in Colombia having 
cleaned up the subscriber base in Q3 and Q4 and by making improvements in our distribution network, we expect these 
actions to help subscriber acquisition in 2009. And over time we expect to benefit from a more favorable regulatory 
environment. 

Amnet, our recently acquired fixed broadband businesses is performing in line with our expectations and the 
integration process will be completed in Q1 2009 as we introduce best practice to exploit potential synergies and there 
will be a small one-off charge in Q1 2009 to account for the costs of these changes. 

In Africa and Asia we continue to see the opportunity to maintain growth while improving margins, especially in 
Africa, where most of our businesses are now achieving the critical mass and scale which are necessary to improve 
profitability quarter-on-quarter. We now have four businesses with over one million subscribers, including DRC. 

We continue to believe that we can bring up margins in Africa to the Group average in the mid 40s in the next three 
years. We're investing significant CapEx in both regions as we see the opportunity to maintain growth and we are 
prioritizing the implementation of our Distribution Management System as a way of reducing operating cost by 
achieving greater efficiency. 

At the end of the fourth quarter and after the acquisition of Amnet Millicom has less than $500 million of short-term 
debt set against 674 million in cash and our net debt to EBITDA ratio is one times, putting us in a strong financial 
position and enabling significant continuing investments. In 2009 we are expected to invest approximately a billion 
dollars of CapEx and we continue to insist that all new investments meet our hurdle rate of return for new investment. 

We are up-streaming substantial amounts of cash, with $181 million up-streamed in Q4 and $543 million for the full 
year 2008 and we expect to see this positive trend continue into 2009 and beyond. In 2008 the net cash provided by 
operating activities increased by 34%, which shows the potential within the business. 

In 2009 we are moving into a new face for the company as we expect to become free cash flow positive for the full year 
and to see free cash flow growing in subsequent years. This is the result of the improving operating margin and the 
decline in CapEx to sales ratio going forward. 

Now let me turn to the summary slides for this call. Turning to the financial highlights for the quarter on Slide Number 
Two, you will see that year-on-year subscriber growth in the fourth quarter was 38% and we ended the year with 32 
million customers. 

Revenue grew by 18% year-on-year to $907 million and by a sector leading 30% for the full year to $3.4 billion. 
EBITDA increased by 31% to $406 million for the quarter, producing an EBITDA margin of 45%, our target margin. 

Net profit for the quarter was $66 million after a net charge of 55 million as a result of the reversal of a deferred tax 
asset recognized at the end of 2007 in Colombia and the classification of Sierra Leone as an asset held for sale, which 
you will have read about in our statement. 

Slide Three shows our revenue split by category and the element that stands out is our VAS/SMS, which has been 
growing by 72% since Q4 2007 and accounted for 15% of total revenues in Q4. Looking at the year as a whole, the 


increase in VAS was even more impressive at 90% year-on-year. 

We're very excited about VAS as it is an important driver of both revenue and margin, as it is a highly profitable 
business for us. We expect to see fast growth strongly in the coming years. 

On Slide Four, showing the composition of quarterly revenues, you can see how the EBITDA margin has increased to 
45% for the fourth quarter, up from a quarterly average of 42% for the first three quarters of the year. The cost of sales 
at 23% was 2% points lower than for Q3 and sales and marketing expense was lower at 19% of revenues as we have 
focused on marketing towards the most loyal and highest revenue generating subscribers in Latin America. 

In Africa and Asia we continue to see the opportunity to maintain growth while improving margins as most of our 
businesses in these regions are achieving the critical mass and scale necessary to improve profitability 
quarter-on-quarter. On Slide Six you can see that total subscribers for the quarter increased by 38% year-on-year. 

Tanzania, DRC and Laos all recorded subscriber growth in excess of 75%. Chad grew its subscriber base by 67% and 
Senegal recorded an increase of 66% despite the dispute by the government which led to a decline in subscriber growth 
in the latter part of the year. And Latin America, Honduras increased their subscriber base by 45% and Paraguay and 
Bolivia both recorded increases of 33%. 

Revenue for the quarter increased by 18% over the fourth quarter of 2007, as you can see on Slide Number Seven. Top 
line growth has slowed due the macroeconomic factors beyond our control. Most notably strong dollar in the second 
half of the year has negatively affected results in a number of markets, producing a 3% negative impact overall in Q4 
2008 and as against Q4 2007. 

Looking at the year as a whole, however, revenue growth was 30%, with foreign exchange having a 4% positive impact 
on revenue as most currencies appreciated against the U.S. dollar in the first half of the year. It was only in the second 
half of the year that we saw substantial devaluations of local currencies against the dollar. 

EBITDA growth for the Group, which is shown on Slide Number Eight, was 31%, with an impressive 219 basis points 
increase in the second half of the year. Our margin reflects action taken in the second half of the year on CapEx and 
OpEx, but the underlying market growth still continues to be good. 

Turning to Slide 10 on Central America, you can see the subscribers grew 27% year-on-year and 2.4 million 
subscribers were added over the full year. It has to be expected that with the high rates of mobile penetration in Central 
America, that subscriber acquisition rates will be slower, that revenues have performed well as a result of our shift in 
marketing emphasis to as the best revenue generating customers. Revenues for Q4 were $355 million, up 8% 
year-on-year and up 4.5% from Q3, as the impact of the new taxes introducing Q2 and Q3 have been absorbed. 

This was a robust performance taking into account slowing in the growth of remittances into Central America from the 

U.S. during Q4. Inflation was also a significant factor in Central America over the year, but by Q4 had begun to ease, 
again after rising in excess of 20% earlier in the year. 
EBITDA was $199 million, up 19% year-on-year. Tigo's strong number one position and all the benefits that they bring 
in terms of economies of scale mean that Central America continues to have an excellent EBITDA margin of 56%, up 
2% on the quarter, and the cost-saving initiatives that we have been introduced in the light of the current trading 
conditions will allow us to keep the margins in the low to mid 50s. 

In October, we announced the acquisition of Amnet, the cable and broadband business which had 534,000 revenue 
generating units at the end of the year. On Slide 11, you can see Amnet's performance in Q4. Revenues were $43 
million and EBITDA was $18 million, producing an EBITDA margin of 42%. Amnet has an extensive hybrid fiber 
coax network with 1.2 million homes passed and today some 69% have two-way coaxial cable. 

CapEx in Q4 excluding installation CapEx was $12 million and we anticipate CapEx for Amnet of approximately 15% 
of sales in 2009, excluding installation costs. We are planning to outsource a number of functions to increase operating 
efficiency and to reduce operating costs, which will result in a one-off cost in Q1 2009. 


The opportunity for Millicom is to use Tigo's marketing skills to sell broadband services to existing cable customers 
and to provide a fixed element to our broadband offer, which will become increasingly important as the market 
develops. And it will enable a high proportion of calling to be kept in the home. 

Amnet has number one position in its three main markets, which will give Millicom critical mass in this important 
market segment, which we expect to be a major driver of growth going forward, as independent research suggests that 
fixed broadband is going to be a fast growing segment of the market. 

Slide Number 12 from South America shows that subscribers increased by 27% and revenues by 9% year-on-year, 
impacted by the strong dollar. Currencies of South America have devalued partly as a result of the fallen prices of 
agricultural commodities in the second half of the year. EBITDA for Q4 was $100 million and EBITDA margin was 
39%, up 4% points from Q3 as a result of improved profitability in Colombia, which produced margins of 17%. 

Initiatives to reduce costs across the business have also contributed to the margin increase. As the margin in Colombia 
gradually improves in 2009, held by building scale in our business and we hope a more favorable regulatory 
environment, we expect the margins for South America as a whole to move up further to its Group average. 

The success of VAS in South America has lead to a demand amongst more wealthy customers to use broadband 
services, and Tigo is seeking to satisfy this demand through a combination of the 3G services launched in Q3 in 
addition to our existing YMX businesses, and more generally by improving stock levels at the points of sale. 

Quarterly highlights for Africa are shown on Slide Number 13. 611,000 subscribers were added across the region in the 
fourth quarter, which represents a year-on-year increase in total subscribers of 63%. The slightly lower subscriber 
growth reflects the more challenging economic conditions across Africa. Revenue growth at 28% was also slower than 
the one of the previous three quarters due to the effect of the strengthening dollar compared to the local currency. 

EBITDA for Q4 was 64 million, up 41% year-on-year, and the EBITDA margin was 35% compared to 34% in Q3. We 
expect to see the EBITDA margin in Africa continue to improve towards the Group average margin target in the mid 
40's within the next three years, driven by increasing profitability across all operations, especially Chad and DRC, 
which they are reaching critical mass and as a result of the deconsolidation of Sierra Leone, which had a negative 
margin. 

In Q4 we were successful in acquiring a license in Rwanda. We will roll out the network in 2009 and anticipate being 
ready to launch services before the end of the year. 

We continue to invest heavily in CapEx and marketing and promotion activities in order to capitalize on the future 
growth in mobile developments across Africa, although growth in some of our markets has been held back in the 
second half by the macroeconomic situation. 

Finally, Slide 14 shows that Asia continues to be Millicom's second fastest growing region with subscriber growth of 
47%, revenue growth of 20% and EBITDA growth of 18%. EBITDA margin remain constant from Q3 at 37%. We 
increased CapEx across all three businesses in 2008 to extend and upgrade the network ahead of increasing competition 
from several new market entrants. 

Now I would like to hand over to François-Xavier, who will talk you briefly through the financials. 

François-Xavier Roger, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Marc. Please turn to Slide 16 where you can see that CapEx for the fourth quarter was $465 million, up 
55% year-on-year, giving a higher CapEx-to-sale ratio of 51% for the quarter and bringing the total for the year to $1.4 
billion. 2008 has been a big year for CapEx, and as you know our projected CapEx for 2009 is one billion and we 
expect that of CapEx-to-sale ratio will fall going forward. 

Millicom is very focused on returns on new investments, and we are determined that we shall continue to achieve the 
targeted internal rate of returns on new investments in excess of 20%. We have started to put more emphasis on cash 


flow generation while securing growth. And we are closely monitoring CapEx levels in relation to EBITDA levels and 
growth potential on a country-by-country basis, on a Group level. 

Slide 17 shows that depreciation was $149 million for Q4 and $517 million for the full year, up 47% from 2007 as a 
function of higher capital expenditure, but it has stayed fairly constant as a percentage of revenues and we expect this 
to remain the case going forward. 

The Group's CapEx plans are constantly monitored in order to align CapEx and depreciation level with revenue and 
cash generation over time. 

On Slide 18, you will see that gross debts to below $2.2 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, up from 1.8 billion at 
the end of Q4 2007 mainly as a consequence of the acquisition of Amnet. In Q1, we saw the conversion of the 200 
million 4% convertible notes due 2010, at start of our ongoing program to improve balance sheet efficiency by 
replacing debt at the corporate level with debt in the operating companies to benefit OpEx rates. 

In Q3 we decided not to call the $460 million, 10%, 2013 notes. We continue to rate debt at the subsidiary level with 
the objective of pushing down the overall lengths of debt maturities, and in Q4 we raise $60 million in Paraguay and 
$275 million in Tanzania. Millicom net debt at the end of 2008 stands at less than $1.5 billion. At the end of the fourth 
quarter, Millicom had less than 500 million of short-term debt, set against $674 million in cash and our net 
debt-to-EBITDA ratio is 1x, giving us flexibility. 

On Slide 19 you can see that our gross total debt is around 2.2 billion with an average maturity of three years. Of the 
$497 million due in less than one year, 230 million is a debt component of the Amnet acquisition, and the majority of 
the remaining 267 million due within one year is in the form of rolling bank overdraft and short-term maturities of 
long-term loans. Millicom has a net-debt-to- EBITDA ratio of 1x and is continuing to push debt maturities further out 
to improve balance sheet efficiency. 

On Slide 20 you can see that the quarterly interest expense for Q4 was $50 million, bringing the total for the full year to 
$149 million, down 22% from 2007. 

On Slide 21 you can see that EPS is down from $6.90 in 2007 to $5 in 2008 due to the impact of discontinued 
operations on deferred tax assets from Colombia. 

On a recurring basis, and therefore excluding the [inaudible] shares, which provides a better idea of the real underlying 
performance of the EPS in 2008, the EPS has increased by 32% to $5.64 from $4.28, therefore increasing at a higher 
level than revenues. 

Let's move to Slide 22. The net cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion for the full year, up 34% from 
2007, which shows the potential within the business. 

Our overall tax position is summarized on Slide 23. Excluding the effect on the deferred tax asset in Colombia, the 
effective tax rate for the full year 2008 is 27%. This is down from 31% in 2007 as a consequence of a favorable country 
mix and effective tax planning. We expect the effective tax rate for 2009 to remain below 30%. 

Please turn to the summary cash flow statement on Slide 24. During the first half of 2008, Millicom made a special 
dividend payment of $260 million. The acquisition of Amnet, which we completed on the 1st of October, was financed 
by $230 million of local debt and by $280 million of cash. Our closing cash balance at the end of the year was 674 
million. 

As we have already mentioned, lower CapEx in 2009 will mean that we will be generating free cash flow this year and 
we expect to see cash flow growing in subsequent years. 

I would like now to hand over to Marc for his final comments. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you, François. 

In Q4, Millicom continued to take market share across most of its markets. If you look at the slide on Page Number 33 
in the appendices on your screen, you can see the evolution market-by-market. And we have delivered 30% 
year-on-year revenue growth which places the company amongst the leaders in its sector with high or rising EBITDA 
margins at the top of our peer group of telecom operators. 

While the strong dollar has impacted our top line in the second half of the year, we remain confident in the long-term 
growth story, which is based on our ability to grow subscribers and revenues as penetration rates rise strongly across 
our newer markets, while consolidating our leading position in our more mature markets by way of our AAA mobile 
value-added services and over time, broadband services. 

However, the macroeconomic outlook for 2009 remains uncertain for the markets Millicom is operating in today. The 
continuous weakness of the currencies in a number of our markets is a strong indicator of this uncertainty. We started 
focusing on reducing CapEx and OpEx from the third quarter of 2008 onwards and we continue to closely monitor our 
customer base to anticipate any material change in their behavior. 

We expect CapEx-to-sales to fall steadily in 2009, coming down to the mid-teens over the next few years, which will 
mean that Millicom is now moving into a phase as with an improving operating margin and declining CapEx-to-sales 
we expect to generate free cash flow in 2009 and beyond. 

That concludes my comments and we will now be happy to take your questions. Operator, may I please have the first 
question? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Anders Wennberg from RAM. 
Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Hello, Marc, congratulations with a very strong margin and.... 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you, Anders. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Thank you. I have one question regarding the Honduras changes in the interconnect rate. 
You say that you are going to lose 26 million of revenues on that, but you're going to compensate by lowering OpEx in 
the market. Could you give us a little bit more color on how you except that to develop, what type of OpEx are you 
taking out and then also what has happened with the competition recently? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: So what you see here is a reduction of interconnect, both for domestic calls and for international 
calls and that means that we as a leader in the market we will be receiving about 26, $27 million less of revenues than 
we had planned without the change in interconnect. Of course with interconnect you also have the other sides of the 
equation, so that means we're going to have lower costs to deliver our calls into other people's networks and that is 
going to be a saving there. That means that from a margin point of view we don't see a change going forward, but it 
will be of course from a lower base. 

From a competitive point of view we've seen digital launching of services and we see that we still take the lion's share 
of the new subscribers in the market. And anyway I think it's a little bit too early to really to make an assessment of the 
new competitive environment that from what we see today is that we continue to take a lion's share of the new 
subscribers. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: A follow-up question, do you plan to pass on the lower interconnect rate to customers or do 
you plan like, for example, [inaudible] longer to keep the off-net prices high and...? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No... 


<Q - Anders Wennberg>: And keep your scale advantage? How do you read regarding...? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We typically pass on lower interconnect because that is part of our affordability concept. So that's 
how we hope to see higher usage and more subscribers over time. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you, Anders. 

Operator 

Thank you, we will take on next question today from David Kestenbaum from Morgan Joseph. Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay, thanks. Marc, how should we think about sub growth going forward? Is this a level 
that we're at now that you feel comfortable with is a similar type of level of 2007 or do you think that we could go 
lower from here, and exactly what's happened on the churn front? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I mean it's difficult to – I don't have a crystal ball, so I don't know what's going to happen this year. 
But I would say that Q4 in 2008 was not a good subscriber quarter for reasons like Senegal, who did not perform well, 
showed negative growth as a result of the issue we have with the government there. And you saw some clean-up in 
subscriber bases in, for instance, Colombia. So I would hope that over time we can get back to normal levels in those 
countries and maybe some other countries too, but again, I remain cautious at this point in time because we're still early 
in the year. And so I don't know what 2009 is going to bring, so we will report quarter-after-quarter as to what the 
subscriber growth is, but in Q4 2008 was a very low quarter. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. And then how about on churn, were you affected much with churn based on the 
macroeconomic conditions? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, we have not seen a material increase in churn. We have in a number of countries at our 
initiative cleaned up some subscriber bases to make sure that we focus on those who generate revenues. As you know, 
keeping a subscriber on the network has a cost, you're paid to keep it on the high-end platform switch and other 
platforms we use it. So if we see that the revenues are not there then we take people off the switch or off the platforms. 
So it's not like people have moved away from Millicom. Most reductions with subscribers was at our initiative. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: So you're still at like the 4% level? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We're still at the same level as we were before, yes. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. Then going to Amnet, could you just talk about the growth potential there and do 
you think you can reenergize growth now that you have taken over and then what's the charge, the amount of the 
charge and how high do think you can get margins obviously with your outsourcing? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: For the charges we're talking about a couple of million dollars, so it's not a big thing and what 
we've done so far in Amnet is we've been focusing on getting the business better, getting to know the business better 
and then start working on plans to kind of run the business the Tigo way, to put it that way. And so we will then in Q1 
kind of implement those changes and the cost that is associated with that is small and there's going to be a relatively 
short payback for that. 

At the same time, we've been looking as to how can we accelerate growth, how can we do the up-selling to existing 
cable subscribers, how can we sell them broadband services to existing cable subscribers, how can we use the Tigo 
marketing and sales techniques we have been using very successfully in Central America over the years, how can we 
also apply them to Amnet. So that's what we've been looking at and those are the things we will start implementing 
relatively soon. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. Thanks. 


<A - Marc Beuls>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll now move to our next question today from Sven Skold from Swedbank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Yes, hi. It's Sven Skold, Swedbank here. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hi, Sven. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: I was just wondering how you think about Africa because since a number of currencies have fallen 
lately I assume that I mean the return on investment becomes slightly lower for a while. So how do you balance, I 
mean, continued investments for the future because I guess for example those invested in Latin America in 2001, 2002 
and 2003 have a very good opportunity when things turn around. But how do you balance, for example, in Tanzania 
and DRC between cash flow and investments? Second question about Colombia, why do you think that the business 
can improve from this level, and what kind of regulatory changes are you looking at there? And finally on Senegal, if 
you could just give us an update on the discussions there with the governments? Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: First with Africa, as you know, we are and we will continue to be a company focusing on cash flow 
generation and on returns on investment. So if we see that because currency devaluations or other macroeconomic 
factors that the returns or that we get very close to or below the returns we're looking for, we will take decisions in 
order to focus on those market segments, on those parts of the country, if need be in order to maintain the returns on 
our investments; this is key. We're not in this business just to cover continents and countries with networks without 
return. No, we want to see the returns and we want to see the cash flow. 

And what we have been – or what we have been doing in Africa, as you're seeing in Q4 is that with a lower subscriber 
growth we have improved – we improved again the margin by one point. This is in line what we said to the market we 
were going to and that's what we'll continue doing, even if things were to get even tougher than they are today. Having 
said that, in Africa mobile penetration rates are still extremely low, so in some places we are still just scratching the 
surface. And by putting more capacity within the existing networks we have nowadays that should allow us to continue 
growing in those places with the returns. 

Turning to Africa – sorry, to Colombia, what makes us confident that we can improve the business there, I think we in 
2008 misjudged the regulatory change with the lower interconnect and how the market was going to or the other 
operators was going to respond to that. And as a result of that, we took some let's call them marketing and sales 
initiatives that at a certain point of time we're bringing subscribers on board, but those were not necessarily subscribers 
we were looking for and that's why we did not hesitate to take those off the network in Q3 and Q4. I think we've 
learned from our mistakes. 

We have upgraded management in the country recently and with people which you've met yourself when you were in 
Paraguay in October, who have an in-depth knowledge of our distribution management system of being deployed in 
Colombia. Sorry, yes, in Colombia, that should allow us to become a better operator going forward. That's one thing. 

In terms of the regulatory changes, don't hold your breath on any major improvements overnight. We were very pleased 
to see or to hear about the intention from the regulator to look into the interconnect issue and the dominant position of 
the number one in the market there. I can't anticipate, and I don't want to anticipate, as to what the outcome of that 
initiative is going to be, but clearly it is positive that people start looking into that issue, an issue, as you know, we've 
been talking about for quite a while as being an unfair situation in the market. And hopefully that is going to be 
corrected going forward. 

In terms of Senegal, there are the two legal routes that are being pursued. We launched arbitration, so that is ongoing. 
The government launched a legal process in the country. Again, there was a hearing this morning and the next one is 
scheduled in a couple of weeks from now, so this is going to go on for a while. At the same time we are – we have 
opened a parallel route to come to friendly solution, and we will report to the market as soon if and when there are 


going to be some developments in any – in one of the three routes we are currently pursuing. We're still in control of 
the business, so nothing has changed there. It didn't do good for the business from a subscriber intake point of view, but 
we think that as time passes that that impact is going to be smaller going forward. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Just a follow-up on Africa, I mean I hope you're still planning to, for example, gain market shares 
in DRC, for example? And hopefully Tanzania or at least maintain market shares in Tanzania? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes, that is part of – I mean all the money we spent in Tanzania last year we definitely hope that 
we're going to continue doing that. And you see from the numbers we publish, we're now getting closer and closer to 
the number two in the market, and that is in line what we've been wanting to do all the time; that's one thing. In DRC 
we will be focusing a lot on the Kinshasa area, the Bar Congo, where we have nowadays a very strong position with a 
market share we think of over 20%. And that's where we also get very good returns, so we will be focusing on that part 
of the country in order to make sure that coming back to your first question, make sure that we get the growth and the 
cash flow and the returns. 

<Q - Sven Skold>: Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you, Sven. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll now move to our next question today from Adrian Dawes from J.M. Hartwell. Please go ahead. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I can't hear you, Bill. 

<Q>: Adrian is my mouth-piece and he can do this much better than I can, but he passed me the baton or something. 
Can you talk about given the cash generation you have and the fact you're are not lowering your standards for returns, 
can you talk about what kind of opportunities you do see as everybody else is suffering or there's a general malaise in 
the world, how are you going to position yourselves to take advantage of this since you do have a balance sheet which 
is formidable and not many do? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes. We have a very good strong balance sheet, no refinancing risk, given that short-term debt is 
lower than the cash reserves we have, so we're in a very strong position. But our focus is going to be on the organic 
growth of the business, as we've always done and that has been fueling the growth and the profitability for Millicom. 
Yes, there's one market more, Rwanda, where we expect to launch later in the year, so that's a great opportunity there. 
But there's so much to be done in African in places like Tanzania and Congo, Chad. 

But also in those countries that have now reached the 40% mobile penetration level, like Senegal and Ghana, I think 
things will go very, very, very fast and what we do is we focus on what we're good at and at times when things are 
going, when things are getting tougher, I think people will focus even more on affordable services. So our approach 
we've been taking for a number of years now I think probably works even better in the current environment than it 
worked a number of years ago. So I think we're well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities there. But clearly 
if the macroeconomic environment was to deteriorate more, yes, we're going to be hit also as a result of that. So we're 
not immune to those things, but I think we're well placed with our business model to continue operating in the 
somewhat more difficult environment. 

<Q>: In the case of Amnet, do you see as much or you said that you saw it was materializing and evolving the way you 
thought it was. But given these value-added services in the other countries, how is Amnet going to contribute to that 
and can you in fact take advantage of their position in countries that you are not in to get mobile licenses and create 
more synergies for yourself? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: In two of the markets where Amnet is a leading operator we have mobile businesses. The one 
where we don't have a mobile business today is Costa Rica and we've indicated in the past that we would like to operate 
in that country too. So if and when the process where to start, a mobile license process were to start in that country we 
will definitely participate in that. And given that we have people and infrastructure in the country I think that is a plus 


compared to not having to start from scratch. Yes, for Amnet we need to make sure that we continue to do the 
up-selling to exciting customers. As you know, we bought this business because of the broadband activity, so we need 
to make sure that we sell broadband activity – broadband subscriptions to our cable subscribers. 

And of course, we need to compare our customer bases for the mobile business with those of the broadband business 
and then do the cross-selling. So there's still a lot to do. Don't forget that we're only a couple of months into that 
business. First thing is to basically build it on the basis of the Millicom mobile. I think we're getting to the end of that 
exercise and at the same time it's accelerating sales by using the same sales and marketing techniques we are using 
within Tigo Central America. 

<Q>: Do you – can you comment at all on the bridge loan that you have and how easy or hard or how you are coming 
with the refinancing of that bridge loan? 

<A - François-Xavier Roger>: Well we are working on it and I mean the bridge loan is expiring at the beginning of 
November, so we are working actively on it and I mean we can see that I mean the markets, the financing markets 
remain open and active. So we are reasonably optimistic about it while being cautious, but I mean – and we will keep 
you posted as soon as we have refinanced that debt. We expect to... 

<Q>: And what are the rates like for refinancing, basically? 

<A - François-Xavier Roger>: The – I mean the spreads have increased very significantly indeed over the last couple 
of months, but I mean the interest rates have gone down. I think the all-in cost is probably going to be fairly close to 
what we have in terms of interest, average interest rate, for Millicom, maybe a little bit higher. 

<Q>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll now move to our next question today from Lena Osterberg from SEB. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Lena Osterberg>: Yes, hi. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hi. 

<Q - Lena Osterberg>: Very good numbers, congratulations. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

<Q - Lena Osterberg>: I was just wondering also on debt, you just recently raised debt in Tanzania and Paraguay 
Could you maybe just say were those in local currencies and at what rates were those bonds raised or the bank loan 
maybe it was? Also something on Laos, you say that the government is considering introducing a spectrum fee, could 
you maybe say what effect you expect on margins from this and also if you see similar trends in other countries is 
something we should be aware of? And also if you maybe could give some or I know it's difficult in the market 
currently, but if you could give some indication on revenue growth in local currencies for 2009? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well let me start with two last points and then I'll hand over to François to talk about the 
financings. I'm not going to give you any guidance in terms of revenue growth for 2009. I think given the uncertainties 
in the market today I don't think that would be wise to do. We have to live the situation as it evolves every day. But we 
remain optimistic as to what the outlook is for our business in the markets where we are. 

In terms of Laos, yes, there's an initial or we expect that the government is going to introduce an additional fee there. 
It's not material, but we want to keep you updated on any regulatory changes we know of that could materialize in the 
next couple of months or quarters. And this is one that could materialize, but it's not a material one. I'm not aware, 
otherwise we would have mentioned that in the release, I'm not aware of any similar fees being introduced in any of the 


other countries where we are operating today. 

<A - François-Xavier Roger>: As far as the debt is concerned we are trying to raise debt in local currency wherever 
we can, which means wherever there is a market for it and wherever it's affordable. As far as I mean in the example that 
you gave in Tanzania, for example, out of the $275 million that we raised, part of it is in local currency and we raised 
as much as we could in local currency, given that the depth of the market is not always as strong as we expect. So in – 
all in all we try to do it, but, for example, in Paraguay we could not do it, so we raised the debt in dollar. But I mean our 
preference is really to raise as much debt as we can in the countries to be tax efficient and as much as we can in local 
currency, obviously to avoid suffering from foreign exchange losses as we did in Q3 and Q4. 

<Q - Lena Osterberg>: Could you maybe say what rates you raised money in? 

<A - François-Xavier Roger>: Well the rates are market-related obviously. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: But in Tanzania was like a mix of several financial instruments we used, export agencies, 
multilateral organizations, local banks and the [inaudible] were all done with different rates, so we don't have the rates 
top of our mind. But most of those rates are still fixed I think in the third quarter, which means that they were coming at 
lower rates or lower margins I guess then we would pay today. 

<A - François-Xavier Roger>: They are not very different from the average rate that we have for Millicom overall. 

<Q - Lena Osterberg>: Okay. Can I maybe ask a final question, so you've sort of initiated cost and CapEx cuts to 
focus on cash generation and you started that in Q3 and you're showing very good progress on that in this quarter. 
Could we expect further improvement going forward or is this the level we should expect? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We will adjust in relation to what we see happening in the market. If the situation were to really 
deteriorate in the markets where we are today then clearly we'll have to do more than what we've done today. If, 
however, we were to see that things are stable and maybe improving over time, then I think we would clearly of course 
want to take advantage of the opportunities that still exist in those markets, which means that we need to make sure that 
we continue to make the investments. But all in all in Q4 we were at a 45% EBITDA margin and that, as you know, has 
always been our target EBITDA margin for the whole of Millicom. So we're there and we definitely want to stay at that 
level going forward. We don't want to go back to the levels we saw in the beginning of 2008 being the low 40s. 

<Q - Lena Osterberg>: Do you see further room for improvement in some regions? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes, we see definitely further improvements in Africa. They're still – we're only 35% EBITDA 
margin there, so I would hope that every quarter we can add a little bit there, same in the South America with the 
improvements in the profitability of Colombia. I think that will also improve the region as a whole and that will also be 
a contributor going forward. 

<Q - Lena Osterberg>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll now move to our next question today. It's Rusty Johnson from Harding Loevner. Please go ahead. 

<Q - G. Rusty Johnson>: Hi, I was just looking you could expand the little bit on the DMS system or distribution in 
terms of the impact and what you're really trying to replace and how will would have effect, whether it be product or 
price control and what have you and how that really would affect either say the revenue side or on the cost side. What's 
going to be the big impact there as you push this DMS platform? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: That's a big question. So I'll try to answer that in a few sentences. The Distribution Management 
Systems is system thereby we on the one side allow distributors and dealers to make the necessary investments to be 
professional dealers in the market, but at the same time we want to make sure that we create a competitive 
environment, that's one. Secondly, it is a system whereby we monitor very closely the people, the dealers, for instance, 


in terms of the number of points of sales they have, the stock that is being kept in the points of sale and needless to say 
that the E-PIN system we have is a great help to do that. 

We audit even the financials of some of those dealers in order to make sure that we deal with quality people, but at the 
same time we also have a group of sales people, freelancers, that kind of roam through the market and create a kind of a 
competitive environment with the points of sale of the dealer. So that's what we do. As a result of that we control the 
pricing of our products, we control the quality of the outlets, we control the merchandising, we control a lot of things. 
In other words, we control how Tigo is being perceived as a brand in the market. 

So that's what we're achieving and for instance be able to monitor the stock of minutes point of sale, you know keep, 
we can avoid a situation whereby people would call on a shop for minutes and the shopkeeper would say, look, you 
know, I'm out of minutes. That we don't want to have because we know that each time you go to a McDonald's, for 
instance, you can have a hamburger, so every time you would go to a Tigo point of sale you should be able to buy 
minutes. So this case better sales, but also gives a lower cost and a more controlled environment going forward. 

<Q - G. Rusty Johnson>: Okay. Thanks. One final is going back to that question regarding balance sheet strength, that 
you may be slowing up CapEx and being more discreet, but could you make any comment about your competitors in 
those – in other markets, particularly say Africa, where other guys may be cutting CapEx and are reducing their 
aggressiveness in markets, so relative do you think you stand stronger? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think we – definitely in Latin America, I think we are more or less all doing the same, but judging 
from the results of some of our competitors, it looks like we're doing it better. And I think I would like to make a 
comment that we are not slashing CapEx that would destroy the growth outlooks in the markets where we are. We are 
reducing CapEx in Latin America. Why? Because of the high model penetration levels we have today, because of the 
big push we did for 3G in the year 2008. So there is no need to spend the same amount of money today in Latin 
America that we used to do, because we now invest much more in capacity and less – less in coverage. 

In Africa – and that's why the bulk of our CapEx is going to continue being in Africa and Asia. There we still need to 
do more coverage, and we of course need to still build more capacity given the higher growth we are experiencing. So 
we will continue to take advantages of the opportunities in the market, provided we get the returns over time of those 
investments. And that might make us a little bit different from some of our competitors who might be less return-driven 
than we are, but I think at the end of the day that the most profitable, I think, operator that will be successful. 

<Q - G. Rusty Johnson>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And I move to our next question today from Kevin Roe from Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Thank you. Very nice quarter, Marc. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you, Kevin. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Going back to Senegal, a couple questions. You mentioned three potential paths, two legal and one 
friendly. Just to drill a little deeper into the two legal paths, what is counsel telling you about how long this could take, 
this arbitration, et cetera. You had the hearing; you've got another one coming up. Could this last through 2009 
theoretically? What's your expectation there? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well, arbitrations, by definition, the way they are run take time, because the parties need to agree 
on the arbitrators. They need to get together and then study the case. So that is a process that will take time. How much, 
I don't want to speculate because we don't control that process ourselves 100%. It is jointly controlled by the two 
parties and the arbitrators at the end of day. 


I think the legal process can go faster there because there is one court, although depending on what the outcome is, 
people might appeal or not. So therefore, we have always said that we favor a negotiated solution. That has always 
been our position and we've taken some initiatives to get in to that negotiated solution. And, yes, there is not much 
more I want to say about that at this point in time. But we will definitely report to you if and when we see some 
developments in that process. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: And also on Senegal, a second question. You mentioned that this may be having an impact or have 
attributed to the slowdown in growth in Senegal. Is it solely that or has Orange also seen a material slowdown in 
growth? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well, Senegal is definitely a country that I think has been hit by the recession, because it's a 
country that imports quite a lot of its foodstuffs, for instance, and with the low currency, which is linked to the euro, 
losing out against the dollar, I think life probably has become a lot more expensive for the one or the other. And of 
course when this case started between us and the government, there was quite some publicity in the local press, which 
by definition worries the one or the other customer, dealer; and so we had to do some hand-holding there. But I think 
we now have a stable situation. We are in control of the operation and we expect that we will be able to sustain control 
of the operation until we have that either a legal or a friendly negotiated solution. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: And lastly, Marc, can you give us any comment on January subscriber trends? Did they show any 
deterioration versus Q4 or any change versus Q4 numbers? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well, let's put it that way, if there had been a material change from what we have seen or we saw in 
Q4, I would tell you so. I think the world is not coming to a standstill. Mobile phone is a tool, is a social tool, is a work 
tool. People continue to use that tool. New people will want to have one, so – and that's what we see in the market 
today. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Great, thanks, Marc. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thanks, Kevin. 

Operator 

Thank you and I'll move to our next question today from Peter Nielsen from Cheuvreux. Please go ahead sir 

<Q - Peter-Kurt Nielsen>: Thanks a lot. Peter-Kurt Nielson from Cheuvreux. A couple of questions please. Firstly on 
the ARPU side, previously you have been very open that you do expect ARPU on the line to even adjustable currencies 
to continue to come down. Looking at Latin America here, you are talking about stable ARPUs and between Q3 and 
Q4. How would you sort of – I appreciate you had low visibility, how would you expect ARPU sort of in local currency 
to develop in the Latin American markets? Do you still expect declines here? 

And my second question will be, and I am sorry to return to the CapEx issue, but obviously again, I appreciate your 
low visibility. For us, is the best leading indicator of your CapEx, is that – will that be subscriber intake in coming 
quarters? And my last question would just be, the Amnet EBITDA you report I believe is excluding installation cost, 
would you indicate how much that is – how much would that shave off the margin situation if you were to include 
installation cost at Amnet? Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. In terms of the ARPU, you know that we suffered from quite a big ARPU decline in Latin 
America in 2008, especially in the first three quarters of 2008. I think it was driven by a very aggressive approach we 
took at that point of the time. We had start taking from probably the beginning to the middle of 2007, which was 
focused on gaining market share and because gaining market share allows us to improve the profitability. Now we have 
market shares, and you can see them in our presentation, that are very strong market shares. 

And we think that especially in El Salvador and in Guatemala, those are sustainable market shares. So in Honduras, 
with the new competition, yes, clearly we are going to lose some market share but we are going to continue taking the 
lion's share of subscribers. So that means that we can be a little bit less aggressive in terms of subscriber intake and that 


means that yes, you don't get this many subscribers in that shop around, here today, tomorrow somewhere else and 
don't generate that much ARPU at the end of the day. So we have better subscriber – a better quality of subscriber base 
or revenue generating subscribers. 

Having said that, my view, long-term ARPUs have to come down in the markets where we are because we still want to 
increase mobile penetration. But clearly, the reduction of, I think it was close to 20% in the first three quarters of 2008, 
I don't expect that we'll see – we are going to see some erosion but a lot slower. 

In terms of the – yes, CapEx, is CapEx a good indicator of – sorry, subscriber intake a good indicator for CapEx? Yes, 
but there is more than just subscribers. It is the usage per subscriber. As we said, ARPU in the local currency increased 
in Latin America and so it's also the usage, that's the usage of value added services that is important and that – you 
don't of course necessarily see to the number of subscribers. Yes, it is an indicator, but it definitely is not the only 
indicator or the sole indicator for CapEx. And as far as Amnet, I mean we have communicated earlier we capitalized 
installation cost to follow industry – industry practice in terms of accounting norms, which accounts for an 
improvement of the EBITDA by a little bit more than 3%, so again, so I mean what Amnet used to do in the past. 

<Q - Peter-Kurt Nielsen>: That's perfect, thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll now move to our next question today from Louis DePalma from Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q>: Good morning. Can you please comment on the potential market opportunity in Costa Rica and the fact that the 
majority of the subscribers there are postpaid and how that could impact ARPUs in the region? Thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, I can only talk from a theoretical point of view because I don't know any of the hot numbers in 
Costa Rica other than the ones you mentioned. Yes, the majority of the subscribers is postpaid through the end of the 
month in that market and mobile penetration is at best half of the mobile penetration in some of the surrounding 
countries, including the ones where we are. So I would think that going into that market with a prepaid service as we 
have done in other markets is going to be very much of interest and it's probably going to kick start the market and we 
are probably going to see a higher growth rate. So that's one of the reasons why we are interested in Costa Rica. But, 
yes, no guarantees that we will get there. 

<Q>: And has the government ruling bodies given you with any indication on what the time line will be for when 
spectrum will be auctioned? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think some time 2009. I am not aware of a fixed date, but I think everybody expects something to 
happen in 2009. 

<Q>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And I'll now move to our next question today from Walter Pritchard from Farley Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Thanks. I may have missed this on the call before, but do you have any indication in your markets, which 
markets are seeing continued growth in minutes of use and which are seeing declines? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, we have not given any indications, but I would really be surprised to see a lot of markets where 
we have – where we've seen a decline in minutes of use. One that comes to my mind is probably Sri Lanka, I think 


where we might have seen fewer minutes of use, because of the conflict that is ongoing at that point in time. The 
government is sucking quite a lot of market – sorry, money out of the market. So, but no, I am not really aware of any 
of our major markets where we've seen a decline in minutes of use. And for Latin America, as I said before, we see 
higher ARPUs in local currency, so that's an indication that usage is still very strong. What we did earlier in 2008 was 
of course the impact of the taxation on the incoming international calls in El Salvador and Honduras, which of course 
had an negative impact on the minutes of use, but only for the incoming international calls, not for the domestic calls. 

<Q>: Okay, and then on capital spending I think some operators throughout the world have looked at capital spending 
as a percent of service revenue level of probably 10%. It sounds like they might go south of 10%. I think on your 
prepared comments you had mentioned mid-teens. Is there an opportunity to take those capital levels further or is there 
something structurally different, given the lower ARPU of some as your markets? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We and our plan, depending on the size of the network, depending on our market position, we can 
probably also get to the teens levels. Just that we are not there yet, so we we'll have to work to restore levels and then 
we will see where we can get to. But according to the plans we have, the long-term plans we have, yes, the 10% level. 

<Q>: No, I know you can get to the teens level. I was asking if you could get to 10%. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes, the 10%, like we said, is something achievable probably in some markets. But we will have to 
find out the hard way ourselves, we are not there yet, but our counting of any structural issues in our market in Latin 
America, because that's where we expect to reach those levels first. I can't think of any structural things, because the 
size is there, the market position is there in most of the markets. 

<Q>: Okay, and then just my final question, you present on your income statement your cost of service combined with 
your cost of phone sales. And I'm just curious if you stripped out the cost of phone sales and you looked at your gross 
margin, again the – just stripping out the handset sales altogether and the cost of handset sales, your network expense as 
a percent of your service revenue, is that gross margin declining or increasing in 2008? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We tried to stay out of the handset business, so the handset sales in our overall revenue numbers is 
a ridiculously low number. So what you see there is primarily service revenue or primarily service revenues. 

<Q>: So you did see a 200 basis point or whatever it was, I don't have the number in front of me, increase. So why was 
that? I mean, your cost of service actually declined then in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: The reason for that was that we were selected and the promotions we were running so that the 
lower sales and marketing cost and there are some other lower costs we... 

<Q>: But that wouldn't be in cost of service, right? Cost of service is just the – you are allocating something 
differently, that would be more of an SG&A expense as opposed to cost of service. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: But in terms of the cost of service, I think – it is difficult to talk about cost of service because there 
is so many components that go into cost of service, like interconnect changes and interconnect to transmission costs. So 
there are so many components that do influence the cost of sales of a company. So one would really have to drill down 
country by country to figure out as to where the changes are. 

<Q>: Okay, so there wasn't one specific – there wasn't one specific change that stands out. It was a combination of... 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Not one specific change. There was not one specific change. But as you know, we did see some 
changes in interconnect earlier in the year 2008 and it can be that also has an impact on the margin we saw in Q4. But 
there was no one specific one-off or one specific issue in one country that made this possible. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you and I move to our next question today from Alexander Vassiouk from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Alexander Vassiouk>: Oh, yes, hi. Just on Central America, my first question is how comfortable do you feel 
with the margin levels of in the mid 50s going forward? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I'll stick with my statement – the statement I have been making over the last year or two, and that is 
I don't see any reason why we could not continue operating at margins and that part of the world between the low to 
mid 50s. So I don't see any changes in the market today that would change that. 

<Q - Alexander Vassiouk>: Okay. And then also in terms of ARPU there, do you believe you have now reached a 
inflection point where you are perhaps stabilized and should remain relatively stable going forward, in Central America 
particularly? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: It's going to be a lot more stable than it has been over the last 12 to 18 months, but is this a point 
from where it is going to go up, I personally don't think so. My view and ARPUs in emerging markets, if you want to 
continue driving mobile penetration, you will have to go into new market segments and the subscribers there come with 
lower ARPUs. But at the same time, we just launched our 3G services in the latter part of the year. It's kind of too early 
because we – we have only like two to three months of experience on the table today, so we need a little bit more time 
to see exactly what that has been contributing to the value added services revenues and maybe caused kind of an 
upward trend in the ARPUs. So I think with another quarter, the first quarter data in front of us in April, I might be able 
to give you a little better guidance as to where we think value added services, 3G additional revenues and ARPUs are 
going to go in Central America. 

<Q - Alexander Vassiouk>: All right. Thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And I'll move to our next question from Stefan Pettersson from Nordia. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Yes, hello. Most of my questions have been answered; I just have a few ones here. The first one relates to 
subscriber acquisition cost. You have earlier stated that to be around $25 and that's still the case? Secondly, you have 
mentioned a couple of times that you have made a cleanup of subscriber base in Colombia in both the third and the 
fourth quarter. Can you give us the magnitude of the amount of subscribers you have closed down? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: In terms of the acquisition cost, the subscriber acquisition cost, there has not been a change from 
the subscriber acquisition cost we used to have in the previous quarters, so it's still at or below $25 per subscriber for 
prepaid subscribers, so there has not been any change there. In terms of the subscriber numbers we took off in 
Colombia, I don't have a number there, but it was an important number, because we have been selling SIM cards to 
people, prepaid SIM cards to people that we considered later on were not loyal customers and that's why we 
disconnected them from the network. So those – that was one of the mistakes we made in the third and fourth quarter in 
Colombia. We have corrected that and that's why we are positive about the outlook in terms of subscribers and also 
margin in Colombia going forward. 

<Q>: Okay and looking at – looking at the Colombia margin, you stated it to improve gradually. Looking at one year 
ago, you were quite substantially higher. How long time could we see before you are back at the margin you reported in 
Q3, Q4 last year? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: So you're talking about the low 20s, I think, low to mid 20s I think we were at the third quarter of 
2007. I would hope that we are going to be there by end of this year, 2009. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. We'll now move to our next question from Christopher King from Stifel Nicolas. Please go ahead. 
<Q>: Hi, thanks for taking my call. This is actually Josh James filling in for Chris. 
<A - Marc Beuls>: Hi, Josh. 
<Q>: Most of the questions – hi. Most of the questions I had have already been answered. So I am just trying to see if 


you guys could give us an idea of what percentage of your operating expenses during the quarter were exposed to 
currency fluctuation? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Operating expenses to currency. 
<A - Francois-Xavier Roger>: I would say a very – fairly high number. I mean, we should exclude, first of all, I mean 
the operating – given the operating expenses at headquarter level mainly in euro, so they are not exposed to foreign 
exchange deviations. And the currencies which are – the operating expenses, which are not exposed to currency 
fluctuations, I mean the dollar, where we operate in dollar terms, which is mainly in El Salvador, mainly in Cambodia 
to a lesser extent, as well to a certain extent in DRC as well. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Francois-Xavier Roger>: So which is – which is a smaller portion I would say, that probably a good 80% 
probably for operating expenses is probably linked – is probably subject to currency depreciation or appreciation. 
<Q>: All right, all right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you and I'll move to our next question today from Jan Dworsky from Handelsbanken. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Jan Dworsky>: Yes, hello, most of my questions have been answered. Also, I can relate and I apologize if 


already addressed this, but in terms of your EBITDA margin, I think you quoted earlier in the day saying that the 45% 
that you think that's reasonable for the full year 2009. I just wanted to – can you confirm that? 
<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes, that's what we hope we can achieve in 2009. We hope that the fourth quarter was not a lucky 


one. So we've made some changes and that should make that EBITDA margin sustainable. 
<Q>: Okay, thank you. 
<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you and I'll take our final follow-up question today from Adrian Dawes from J.M. Hartwell. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Marc, it's Adrian. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hey, Adrian. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Just returning to the Colombian marketplace, you've indicated obviously the environment is 
gradually beginning to improve the interconnect issue, while it's not immediately resolved, looks as though that's an '09 
event. Can you flesh out a little bit how we should think about growth in the Colombian market, given 8% market share 
and just a little further color on the margin progression as we look out over the next couple of years? 


<A - Marc Beuls>: First of all, Adrian, I didn't say that the interconnect issue was going to get resolved in 2009. I 
think that's a conclusion you came to. We said that the government took some initiatives and yes, they have the 
intention to do something, but we don't know when that is going to happen and, if it happens, what the impact is going 
to be on our business. So let's be cautious there. 

What I want to achieve in Colombia is that we get back to the situation we were in 2007 and still in the beginning of 
2008, and that is that we become the fastest – again, the fastest growing mobile operator in the country. And, therefore, 
we are focusing on the postpaid market segment and that has been done relatively successful. We also need to focus a 
lot more on prepaid, which means that we need to focus a lot more on the distribution management system. So we get 
that distribution improved and that's where we've called in the help from our Uruguayan colleagues, who are, I think, 
the masters in putting those things together. 

And at the same time, of course we need to make sure that we do market segmentation because we clearly can't be 
everything to everybody, so we need to kind of know big certain market segments we want to go for and really go for 
those then in a very aggressive way. So that's what we want to do in Colombia, and that should get this higher 
subscriber intake and improved margins going forward. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Just a final follow-up, in terms of the proportion of revenues in Colombia that come from 
value-added services, how do they compare to, let's say, Paraguay? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think about one-third of – I think around 10%, where Paraguay is around 30%. Central America I 
think is approaching a number between 15 and 20%. So Colombia is still relatively low. Historically, there was a 
reason for that and that was that there was an issue with the SMS interconnect, which could only resolve, I think, late in 
2008. So again, there are some improvements that are happening but, yes, still a lot of things need to happen in order to 
really get to a level playing field in that country. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: How many distribution points do you believe you need in Colombia to be competitive? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Forgive me, Adrian, I don't know the number, but quite a lot given the size of the country and 
given the size of the population. But it's not so much only the number of points of sale. It's also the quality of the points 
of sale, which is key, because like I said earlier in the call, you don't want people to show up at a point of sale and 
being told that the salesman has run out of minutes – Tigo minutes. So we want to make sure that there are Tigo 
minutes whenever somebody calls on a point of sale. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Great, thank you and again, congratulations on a great quarter and a great year. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you again. 

Operator 

That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn call back over to our hosts for any 
additional or closing remarks. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Operator. So I just would like to thank you all for joining us on the call today. And we look forward to 
seeing some of you on our upcoming road shows in the U.S. and Europe. So thank you again and have a good day. 
Good bye. 

Operator 

That will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen. You may now 
disconnect. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


