Q4 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Andrew Best, Head of Investor Relations 
Other Participants 

• Anders Wennberg 
• Richard Prentiss, Jr. 
• William Miller, IV 
• Peter-Kurt Nielsen 
• David Kestenbaum 
• Stefan Pettersson 
• Sven Sköld 
• Lena Österberg 
• Drake Johnstone 
• Kevin Roe 
• Alexander Vislykh 
• Bengt Mölleryd 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to today's Millicom 2007 Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. For 
your information, this conference is being recorded. 

May I also remind you that this call is being audio streamed over the web and is accessible at www.millicom.com 
together with the presentation, summaries and the key features of the results. 

I would now like to hand you over to the host of today's conference Mr. Marc Beuls, President and CEO; and Mr. 
Andrew Best, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator and welcome to everyone who has joined us today. I'm with Andrew Best today unfortunately 
David Sach our CFO was in bed with a flu. Today, so he won't be able to joins us. So we will be using slides to run you 
through these results. And it will be helpful to have those slides in front of you and you can find them on our home 
page at www.millicom.com. We will both be happy to answer any questions you have at the end. But first, I would like 
to give you an overview of the results and run through the performance of each cluster. 

Before we start running through the slides, I just wanted to draw your attention to what I see as the headlines for these 
results. 2007 was a great year for us and we are pleased to say that 2008 has started well. Q4 was a fantastic quarter 
running over the year in which we had broken many new records for the Company. In Q4, we added a record 3.4 
million subscribers, which I'm sure exceeded all your expectation, and we have to admit that it was in excess of our 
own forecast from early in 2007. 


We added a record 1.4 million subscribers in Central America in Q4 and for the first time, more than 1 million new 
customers in Africa during the quarter. Driving this growth has been our ability to invest over 1 billion of CapEx. 
During the year, we moved up our CapEx, as with our strong balance sheet and the opportunities that we saw in the 
market. We were encouraged to accelerate our CapEx plan. 

Last but not least the Board will propose the general shareholders meeting in May that the company paid dividends, the 
first in Millicom's history. This is a special dividend relating to the upstreaming of cash from the sale of our business in 
Pakistan, and because we have an extremely strong balance sheet, we wish to return this capital to shareholders. 

Moving on to slide number two, I want to reiterate that investing that is driving our business. And, we see a one-off 
opportunity while penetration rates are still relatively low to accelerate the build-out of our networks and to increase the 
affordability of our offerings. This will enable us to capture a large market share in 16 of the fastest growing markets in 
the world today. 

So turning to the headline number of slide number two of the pack, revenues for the fourth quarter grew by 41% over 
the fourth quarter of 2007 and EBITDA grew by 34%. We added a record of 3.4 million new subscribers in the fourth 
quarter. Even excluding Colombia underlining organic revenue and EBITDA grew by 47 and 45% respectively, which 
is a very strong performance. 

Millicom's CapEx during the quarter was $298 million, which represents a 21% increase over the Q4, 2007 fixed rate 
and bring the CapEx for the full-year 2007 to over 1 billion, a 68% increase over the prior year. We also expect to 
spend over 1 billion in 2008. As I've said before this CapEx is a good indicator as to how positively we view the 
prospects for growth. 

Slide three, the results of accelerating investment can be seen clearly, in terms of the rate of subscriber acquisition 
during the quarter. Millicom added a record 3.4 million total subscribers in Q4, and as you can see on slide three 
bringing the total to over 23 million at the end of December and representing a 56% increase over the fourth quarter of 
2006. It is important to point out that 50% of the subscribers were added in the month of December. 

A total of 8.4 million new subscribers were added during 2007, but our run rate of subscriber additions in the second 
half of the year was considerably higher than our run rate in the first half of the year, as we managed to invest faster 
than we had expected. If as we anticipate, we are able to maintain our level of CapEx in the coming quarters subscriber 
intake will continue to be strong. But bear in mind that the seasonality Q4 is typically the strongest quarter for 
Millicom in terms of net additions 

Attributable cellular subscribers increased by 55% from the fourth quarter of 2006 to just 19.8 million at the end of 
December 2007. It's worth reiterating that Millicom has one of strictest definitions in the industry for what constitutes a 
subscriber. 

Reported subscribers are those that have generated revenues within a 60-day period or in the case of new subscribers 
those that have started to generate revenues. This tighter definition for new subscribers was introduced in Q3 2007 to 
ensure that we count only those customers who have initiated a revenue generating activity so that we report only 
genuine subscribers to Tigo products and services. 

The phasing out of our legacy TDMA and CDMA networks had been completed in all market except Bolivia where at 
the end of December 320,000 subscribers remained on the TDMA networks. During Q4, we took out approximately 
300,000 from our numbers in Central America and in Paraguay and this process resulted in slightly higher churn. 

The phasing out of this network has released spectrum in the 850 and 1,900 bands for 3G services, which we are 
planning to launch in our existing spectrum bands based on current licenses in Latin America during 2008 and 2009. 
We expect the remaining TDMA subs in Bolivia to be churned off by the end of 2008. 

Slide four shows that for Q4, we have recorded quarterly revenue of $768 million, an increase of 41% from the fourth 
quarter of 2006. And excluding Colombia, the underlying organic revenue growth was a healthy 47%. For the full-year 
revenue was 2.630 billion up 67% on the result of 2006. 


Revenue growth in Q4 was the highest in Africa at 57%. South America recorded revenue growth of 47%, for Central 
America it was 31% and for Asia it was 43%. I will expand more on the results for the individual clusters and the 
underlying trends in a few moments. 

Refer to slide number five, EBITDA for the three months ended December 31st, 2007 was $307 million, a 34% 
increase from the fourth quarter of 2006. EBITDA for the full year was over $1.1 billion up 55% from 2006. The 
EBITDA margin was 40% for the fourth quarter and 42% for the full year, which is very encouraging particularly in 
this period of aggressive growth that we're currently experiencing. So let's now look at the results for each cluster 
starting with Central America, which today accounts for 44% of group revenue and 55% of group EBITDA. 

On slide six, you can see that the total subscribers reached 8.8 million up 71% year-on-year and 19% over Q3. During 
the quarter 1.4 million new subscribers were added, which was a quarterly record for any cluster. The subscriber 
increase was particularly strong in December due to our seasonal promotions and sales and marketing campaigns to 
improve visibility and highlight the attractiveness of the brand and value-added services. 

ARPUs fell slightly from Q3 as a significant portion of the subscriber intake occurred at the end of the quarter. Our 
focus on value-added services is helping sustain ARPUs as it enable us [inaudible]. In Honduras, the third operator has 
launched services and a fourth license was awarded in Q4. While, we expect the entrance of these two new operators to 
bring about an increase in commercial activity in Honduras, we expect to be in a strong number one position. 

Fourth quarter revenue for Central America grew by 31% from Q4 2006 to $329 million. EBITDA for Central America 
increased by 28 and to $168 million for the fourth quarter of 2007 and the EBITDA margin at 51% was down slightly 
from the previous quarters with a record subscriber intake and the related cost of handset subsidies, which were needed 
to attract traditional high-value subscribers ahead of the launch of 3G services this year. Our strong market share in 
Central America gave us the higher percentage of on that traffic, which means that we should be able to maintain our 
margins over 50% in Central America. 

Please turn to slide seven, to look at the results of South America in more detail. Subscribers grew by 36% to 49 
million of which Colombia accounted for 2.8 million. Revenues grew by 47% to 239 million in Q4 and EBITDA grew 
by 54% to $75 million. EBITDA for the region was slightly lower and for Q3 as the result of interconnect Colombia. 
As we have already announced the regulator of the interconnect rates $0.12 to $0.06 on December 7, and this impacted 
revenue and EBITDA by $7 million and $5 million respectively, and Tigo as historically have more incoming than 
outgoing calls. Due to the price elasticity that we believe exist Colombia, we expect to offset the impact of the 
interconnect change probably during 2008. In the long-term we believe that the impact will be beneficial for Tigo and 
we will put pressure on the largest operator. 

South America, we continue to see higher growth rates for EBITDA than for revenue, which is done as higher than 
subscriber growth. Particularly a strong success with value-added services is helping to drive this trend and we hope to 
see this replicated in all our markets in the future. EBITDA margin for Q4 was 31% affected by our efforts to grow our 
business in Colombia more aggressively. 

Turning to slide number eight, the strong topline performance of subscriber growth of our African cluster have been the 
most encouraging aspect of the fourth quarter results. For the first time over one million subscribers were added during 
the quarter in Africa to bring the total at the end of December to 5.7 million. This increase was due to the affordability 
initiatives introduced earlier in the year and continues to be a factor in Ghana, Tanzania and Senegal. Congo, DRC and 
Chad are also gaining traction, but unfortunately we had to shutdown most of our network in Chad at the end of 
January because of the rebel attacks on the capital city in N'Djamena. Our people are safe and the network is 
undamaged. 

I'm happy to report that we were asked by the government to switch on the network at mid-day today except for some 
part of east -- some part of the east of the country. Revenue for Africa for the fourth quarter was 145 million up 57% 
from Q4, 2006. There was a cost in this growth in terms of margin, but this is a cost that we are willing to incur in the 
short term. But heavy cost of building out a new and extended network in Africa particularly in DRC and Chad where 
there is a lack of transportation and power infrastructure, we still reported a quarter year-on-year increase of EBITDA 


of 34% to $44 million, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 30%. We believe that we saw the bottom in terms of 
EBITDA margin in Q3 and from a growing revenue basis that will help drive economies of scale, we expect to be able 
to continue to improve the overall EBITDA margin in Africa despite continued aggressive expansion. 

Slide nine shows that the subscribers in the Asian cluster increased by 46% from Q4, 2006 to just under three million at 
the end of Q4, 2007. Revenue for Asia was $55 million for the fourth quarter, up 43% from Q4, 2006, and EBITDA 
was $20 million, up 27%, producing an EBITDA margin of 37%. EBITDA margin was impacting by the settlement of 
a revenue share dispute in Cambodia relating to the international gateway, which had an adverse impact of 2.1 million. 
Without this settlement cost, the EBITDA margin in Q4 would have been 41%. Sri Lanka continues to grow strongly 
with EBITDA margins in excess of 50%. 

Now I'd like to hand over to Andrew to talk you through the financials. 

Andrew Best, Head of Investor Relations 

Thanks Marc. Please turn to slide 10, where you will see the key financial ratios for the full year 2007 compared to 
2006. Cost of sales is full and as a percentage of revenues, reflecting the economies of scale that we're achieving as our 
market shares rise. As Marc and David have stated many times it is vital for Millicom's AAA model that we continue to 
keep it tight and on cost, which enable us to makeup that is more affordable for our customers. Greater affordability 
enables us to penetrate deeper into our markets, and target lower ARPU customers. Growth will continue to be 
dependent on these lower ARPU subscribers going forward. 

In addition, we continue to expand our value-added services particularly in Latin America. These services tend to have 
little incremental costs, and therefore are highly profitable, which positively impacts our gross margin. These services 
also enable us to attract the higher quality customers in our market, which help to stay in ARPU, but listing the exact 
spend of ARPU is difficult, but we're confident that we can continue to sell more minutes at profitable rate. We 
continue to invest significantly in the Tigo brand in all our markets, which has resulted in higher sales and marketing 
costs as a percentage of revenues. As the quarter four results change, these investments are crucial towards helping 
drive strong subscriber growth. The G&A cost also up slightly, which again reflects the higher percentage cost in newer 
markets such as DRC and Colombia, where there are significant rollouts in progress. Pleasingly though, the EBITDA 
margin excluding Colombia has remained steadily at 47%. 

Slide 11 shows that EBITDA margins have fallen in quarter four 2007 to 40%, having been fairly stable at around 43% 
for the previous quarter. This was due to a few percentage point increase in sales and marketing cost to drive subscriber 
growth and to several non-recurring items that impacted gross margin by one percentage points. 

The two main non-recurring items of the previously announced change in interconnect in Colombia which has 
temporarily hurt gross margin in quarter four by five million, but which will be beneficial over time and a settlement of 
a revenue sharing dispute in Cambodia related to the international gateway, which impacted gross margin in Q4 by $2 
million. Every time we remain confident that we will seam our margins trend back up to the mid 40s as soon as we 
achieve critical mass and gain market share in these newer markets. 

On slide 12, you will see an overview of P&L. The areas that we wish to bring to your attention are the increased 
depreciation and amortization reflecting the much higher level of CapEx. The higher interest cost reflecting both an 
increase in gearing and the decisions to redeem the remaining 10% note in 2008. A goodwill strike down in Colombia, 
the decrease in tax rate and the gain from discontinued operations, which had a positive impact of $259 million is the 
successful sale of Paktel in quarter one. The net result of the above was an increase in full year net profit from $169 
million in 2006 to almost $700 million in 2007. 

Please turn to slide 13. The slide shows the CapEx for Q4 was $298 million as against $247 million in Q4 2006, 
bringing total CapEx for the full year 2007 to over $1 billion. As Marc mentioned earlier CapEx is a good indicator as 
to how we view our future potential. We demand internal rates of return in excess of 20%, and paybacks normally in 
the range of one to three years, which mean we only invest where we see good growth opportunities. The capacity 


expansion which is where most of our Latin American CapEx is now spent, we expect to see return within one to two 
years. We've needed to add substantially to our networks as per-second billing and market growth have driven the 
volume of minutes across all of Latin America. 

The network coverage, which is where the majority of our African and Asian CapEx is spent, we are targeting returns 
of three years in most operations and five years in our Greenfield build out of the Congo. Coverage CapEx is today 
more weighted to the cost of building sites, including towers, buildings and fences rather than the cost of imported 
equipment. 

In recent periods, the cost of steel and concrete has been rising whereas the prices of network equipment have been 
falling. As such, the rates of return and payback for coverage CapEx are lower than capacity expansion. 

Overall, the current blended rates of return are consistent with our historical averages. These are the difficulties in 
accurately predicting the timing of CapEx spending, we remain cautious in our forecast on a quarterly basis. But, we 
predict full year CapEx for 2008 in excess of $1 billion. Having predicted the CapEx sales ratio to fall in 2007 and, 
having got it wrong I know David will wish me to say that we are now hanging up to more than half of this ratio. But, I 
do know is that there continues to be wonderful opportunities to invest in our market and, we will continue to do so 
aggressively and as wisely as possible. 

Slide 14, shows that depreciation has risen considerably from an average of $57 million a quarter in 2006 to 89 million 
a quarter on average in 2007, due to higher capital expenditures and the impact of the Colombia Movil acquisition, with 
the quarterly CapEx rising substantially as the past several years and, forecast to stay above $250 million in average 
over the next few quarters. We can expect to see depreciation continuing to rise for several years. As a guide 
depreciation as a percentage of revenues has stayed fairly constant and we expect this to remain the case, even when 
investment in 3G technologies begins in this year. 

On slide 15, you will see the debt has increased throughout the year each quarter and now stands at $1.5 billion at 
year-end. Total debt increased by 340 million during the year despite repurchase of $90 million base value of 10% 
senior notes as part of our ongoing programs to improve balance sheet efficiency by replacing debt at the corporate 
level with debts in the operating companies, which is tax beneficial for us. 

We will continue to lower the corporate debt by exercising our rights to redeem the remaining 10% notes in December 
2008. As a result of this planned early redemption we accrued the bulk of the 5% redemption premium in the fourth 
quarter, which increased our debt and interest expense by $31 million. Since year-end, we have also forced a 
conversion of our $200 million convertible bonds, which produced interest saving of approximately $15.8 million at the 
corporate level over the next two years. 

Despite increased total sales in 2008, Millicom is still in an under-levered position with net debt to EBITDA of 0.6 to 1, 
and we recognize the need to increase gearing over time. Our target level is a ratio of 2:1 in terms of net debt to 
EBITDA and we're looking at several opportunities to strengthen our position in our existing market and to enter new 
markets that could justify an increase in debt, to give us a more efficient balance sheet and the ability to utilize our cash 
in the best interest of shareholders. 

However, these opportunities could take time to complete. In the meantime, these are extremely strong cash position. 
The Board today announced an extraordinary dividend of $2.4 per share, as a result of the one time net cash flow 
benefit attributable to the sale of Paktel. This dividend will be paid following the AGM in May as a means of returning 
some value to our shareholders. 

The board's view on future dividends will be on the basis of the development to free cash flow in the coming years. 
Free cash flow is to be viewed as EBITDA less interest tax driven CapEx, which might include acquisitions. 

On slide 16, you can see the additional interest charge in quarter four of $31 million relating to the planned redemption 
of the remaining 10% note December 2008. Excluding this one off charge, average quarterly interest expense 2007 was 
$41 million, compared to $31 million in 2006. The higher interest expense reflects increased total borrowings. 


By paying some of the 10% note and replacing with local company borrowings we were able to reduce the simple 
effects of interest rate to 9% in quarter four. Better yet we're able to obtain tax deductions on the local debt resulting in 
a significantly lower tax interest rate. The benefit of this strategy can be seen in the overall tax rate, which I will discuss 
shortly. We will continue to seek ways of reducing our interest cost and hope to be able to continue borrowing at 
attractive rates at the local level, as we eliminate the corporate debt. 

Our overall group tax position in summarized on slide 17 where you can see that our effective tax rate for the 
operations fell to 11% despite the operating losses in Colombia and the Congo, which have kept the effective tax rate 
up. This is due to a deferred tax benefit of $86 million that we booked in our Colombian operation relating to the net 
operating loss assumed as part of the acquisition, and the losses incurred since the acquisition date. We were able to 
book the benefit because of the better than expected result during the year and the anticipated strength of this operation 
looking forward. 

On this slide you can also see, that we've been able to reduce the difference between the operations effective tax rate 
and the overall group rate by reducing the non-deductible tax corporate expenses. We've done this by increasing the 
management and brand fees that we charge our operating companies and of course, through the repurchase of the 10% 
senior notes, replacing the non-tax deductible corporate debt and the local company borrowings lowers our overall 
group effective tax rate. 

On slide 18, you can see my attempts at showing you the normalized tax rate for 2007. There were two non-recurrent 
non-tax deductible items in 2007, which have significantly impacted profit before taxes. These were the $31 million 
interest accrual relating to the plan redemption of the remaining 10% notes and the $24 million goodwill adjustments in 
Colombia. As previously mentioned, we recorded a deferred tax benefit of $86 million with the net operating losses 
assumed as part of the acquisition of Colombia and those losses incurred since the acquisition day. As mandated by 
IFRS, the portion of tax benefit relating to the pre-acquisition losses must reduce the carry value of goodwill even if the 
goodwill is not impaired. 

The reduction to goodwill was $24 million and was recorded as a write-down of assets, impacting operating profit. We 
stress that goodwill was not impaired. When I adjust for the above items, I believe that normalized group effective tax 
rate was 29% in 2007. This is lower than the 33% rate in 2006 due to our efforts to reduce the non-deductible corporate 
costs. Looking forward, it should be possible to keep our tax rate below 30% for more balanced geographical mix of 
profit and our ability to transfer more income to corporate to fully offset the remaining non-tax deductible cost. 

Please now turn to slide 19, which shows that Millicom has been able to finance its increased level of investments from 
internal cash generation and the free cash flow, cash from the operating activity less total investments was positive. The 
closing balance of $1.2 billion in cash means that we have net tax of $660 million and we're well positioned to continue 
with our accelerated investment program for existing businesses and to explore the other options as we have already 
discussed. Slide 20 illustrates how the investment breaks down across our businesses. CapEx was over 1 billion for the 
full year 2007, and as mentioned previously, we expect slightly higher CapEx figure for the full year 2008. 

Thank you. Now, I will hand you back to Marc. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Andrew. To summarize the past quarter, I can say that Q4 has been a fantastic quarter for Millicom and one 
that was characterized by an acceleration in subscriber addition, driven by the high level of investments across our 
operations and concluded a record-breaking year real style in which the board has recommended Millicom's first 
dividend. 

Results for our African cluster were particularly exciting. A strong growth was experienced across both the newer and 
more established markets as we have made our services affordable to the greater part of the population. As we start to 
enter the steep stage of the J Curve of penetration growth and target the mass market. 


Central America was still the strongest cluster in terms of subscriber acquisitions, demonstrating the strong growth, 
continues to be achievable in markets that are higher up the penetration curve. This is because there is always a 
tendency to underestimate the levels of penetration achievable. We are happy to admit that we, along with the rest of 
the market, have been guilty of this underestimation of the growth potential in our markets. 

South America and Asia also showed strong top-line growth with respected revenue increases in Q4 of 47% and 43% 
respectively over Q4 2006. EBITDA margin for the group as a whole was 40% in Q4, slightly lower than previous 
quarters due to the increased subscriber addition and some more loss in the quarter. We expect margin to go up from 
that level. 

Today, Millicom has a very strong balance sheet, which will enable the company to continue to exploit a strong market 
position in 16 of the best growing markets in the world. This financial strength with very low leverage enables us to 
look at a wide variety of options to generate shareholder value as in this uncertain economic climate, might be more 
opportunities for well-capitalized companies. We are pleased to say that after such a great year, that 2008 has started 
well and we remain confident that our AAA business model continues to deliver great value to the shareholders. 

That concludes my comments, and we will now be happy to take your questions. Operator, may I have the first 
question, please? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Anders Wennberg, RAM (Rational Asset 
Management). Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Hello. And congratulations for the very strong quarter and fantastic net adds. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Very good to see. I have couple of questions regarding margins. First on Central America, I 
wonder if you can help us back out how much better would the margin have been with the normal net adds i.e., how 
much the customer acquisition cost is? Secondly, you're right that you are going to start with handset subsidies, or 
you've already started with handset subsidies. Is that going to burden margin going into '08 in Central America? And 
thirdly, if you could comment a little bit on the Colombia, the 5 million effect on EBITDA in December from 
interconnect, 5 million times 3 would be 15 million, is that the negative impact on Q1 that would drive down margins 
to maybe 10, 11% in Colombia. Is that correct interpretation or wrong? Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. So thank you, Anders. So yes, what is a normal open level of net additions in Central 
America? Because we've had a couple of very strong -- couple of numbers over the last couple of quarters. I think it's 
quite normal that Q4 where we have been adding a lot of subscribers on the back of very strong promotions that 
typically are run around the year-end period has a slightly lower EBITDA margins. I don't see anything structural in 
here that is a one-off. What would the margin have been with a lower subscriber intake, frankly I don't know and I don't 
really want to speculate. We were extremely happy with the 1.4 million new subscribers in Central America and I'm 
sure that the margins will recover in the first quarter. The handset subsidies is nothing new in Central America. We've 
always said that in Central America because the way the market is organized, we do some handset subsidies because 
that's the way business is being done there. And we would plan on continuing doing that and it's when we move to 3G 
in that part of the world we might have to do some retention that at the time when we launch GSM you're probably not 
even going to notice that in our P&L. In terms of Colombia interconnect, we launched interconnect in Colombia, sorry 
the new interconnect was launched in Colombia on December 7th. The impact on EBITDA was 5 million for the month 
and so if you were to kind of extrapolate that going forward. You have to of course take into account that reduction of 
EBITDA will get smaller and smaller as we go forward in the year 2008 as we get more calls, we get more all net calls, 
we get a better balance of our incoming and outgoing calls, we get better economies of scale so we expect that loss of 


EBITDA, let's call it that way, will get smaller as we go through the year. But for the fourth quarter that was the 
number. We think that as we said in -- on the call, we think that this will be ultimately positive for the company and we 
expect that once we get into 2009 you'll hardly see any impact of this reduction of the interconnect cost. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay. Thank you. So very limited impact in '09, but is it correct that the impact in Q1 could 
push down margins to about 10% in Colombia? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We were at margins, I think around mid 20s to low 20s in the third quarter. I think you should be 
looking at margins for the first quarter probably, between the 10 to 15%. So that's where I expect margins to be. If you 
could apply, the same impact on the margins as we have in Q4. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question today will come from Rick Prentiss of Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Richard Prentiss, Jr.>: Yes, good morning. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hi, there. 

<Q - Richard Prentiss, Jr.>: Couple of question for you guys. One, Marc you talked about the uncertain economy. 
Clearly here in the United States a lot of investors looking at the economies around the world. Can you update us as far 
as what you are seeing in your 16 markets as far as what the economy seem to be doing and their strength? The second 
question, also you mentioned that sometimes economic climate can create M&A opportunities. How do you look at 
that? What markets might be of interest, or how would you kind of prioritize what markets characteristics might be 
interesting to you? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yeah. I'm not going to do the whole -- the tour of the whole world now. But at this point in time, I 
can say that, I have not seen an impact of the potential slowdown of the US economy in any of our markets. Q4 was 
very strong. I said on the call that, we started the year very well. So at this stage, it doesn't look like the economy in our 
market is slowing down and that people would start buying fewer minutes or fewer people would start buying SIM 
cards. In terms of the M&A activities, we've always said that our M&A efforts will be focused on Africa and Latin 
America and that we will be looking for opportunities, continuously look for opportunities. We've spoken about AAA, 
sorry a triple, sorry triple operator strategy in Latin America. And this is what we did in Colombia. We will look at the 
new -- potential new markets in Central America like Panama. We're working on -- there might be other opportunities 
that may become available later in the year. And also in Africa we will continue to look at new opportunities there. So 
at this point of time, there is no specific M&A activity to report. 

<Q - Richard Prentiss, Jr.>: Sure. And then on the data front, you mentioned starting to spend some CapEx in '08 and 
'09 on data. What're your thoughts as far as how data materializes in your markets? How will the customers respond to 
it? What do you think the initial services would be, and just kind of what your thoughts are as far as returns on data 
spending? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Let me first state that data is nothing new for Millicom. Today, our data revenues -- our 
value-added services revenues as we call them represent over 10% of our recurring revenues, with one champion in 
there, Paraguay that has more than 30% of it's return on revenue coming from value-added services. So launching data 
is not new. So what we're doing is, we're just taking it to the next level, so that we allow people to start using 
high-speed data solutions to the offering of HSDPA on 3G networks. And we think that given our customer profile in 
Latin America where we have a lot of A and B market segment customers, we think that this is a service that is going to 
be well received by the market. And as always, we will now continue building out those networks, ones that are up and 
running, in relation to the demand we see in those market segments. And again, I think it's important to underscore here 
that going to 3G is not creating an additional cost for me, sorry for Millicom, in terms of network costs. The 


equipments for 3G on a traffic basis is not more expensive than the equipment in 2G or 2.5G equipment we are 
currently using. 

<Q - Richard Prentiss, Jr.>: Great. Good luck guys. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question today will come from Bill Miller with Hartwell. Please go ahead. 

<Q - William Miller, IV>: Good morning. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hey, Bill. 

<Q - William Miller, IV>: Wonderful quarter again. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

<Q - William Miller, IV>: I'm curious of several things. As you look out through the course of the year. Can you give 
us a new set of goals or recurring goals for this year, as you look forward? And secondly, could you give us a pattern of 
your CapEx? And thirdly, is there anything that makes Paraguay unique or is 30% a number we could expect from 
other markets, in terms of value-added? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yeah. First in terms of the goals, as you know, we don't really communicate any goals. We don't 
give any guidance to the market. But as I said on the call, year 2008 started well for us. So we think that 2008 is going 
to be a good year for us again. Secondly on CapEx, we passed 1 billion CapEx in 2007 given that we don't expect to 
see a slowdown of growth. We expect that our CapEx for 2008 is going to be at or higher than the level we saw in 
2007. So I would say it's a 1 billion plus from what I see today, but as we've done before, we will of course update that 
number as we progress through the year. In terms of value-added services, I wish -- we could get every market up to 
30%. Maybe one day we'll get there. I think why is Paraguay at that level is because, I think, we have a fantastic team 
in that country that is pushing value-added services, and has taken it to levels that is substantially higher than the levels 
we even see here in Europe. Having said that, we see value-added services growing strong across a number of markets 
in Millicom. I think Central America today is amongst the fastest growing regions when it comes to value-added 
services, needless to say of course that Central America represents 44% of our revenues today. So also there we will 
see a bigger impact of value-added services, hence again, the reason for introducing the next generation of technology. 

<Q - William Miller, IV>: Marc, just -- I didn't mean to even suggest you should give us any goals for growth. 
However last year, you did suggest or you said some of your goals were complete build-out in Africa made by the 
minority interest in various locations, et cetera. Those were the kinds of goals that... 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. Right. 

<Q - William Miller, IV>: I thought maybe you could come up with in terms of the pattern of your CapEx, I'm 
wondering whether you're going to front load the CapEx. Your third and fourth quarter last year were by far the biggest 
CapEx expenditures. So I didn't know whether you're going to have a period that was more fallow here in the first half 
of quarters, and then load the last two or whether you're going to have consideration of what went on in the fourth 
quarter. That's the pattern I was getting at. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. Sorry, I didn't understand it that way. But in terms of the CapEx, I think the CapEx is going 
to be fairly well spread across the year. So I don't expect any peaks occur in the quarter of 2008. We know where we 
need to spend the money. We know how much we have to spend and our focus is very much on making sure that our 
CapEx is being spent, because if we were to start spending less CapEx that would be an indication of a slowdown or 
the inability to basically implement CapEx as quickly as we would like to do. We know that Africa is top on our list, 
because that's where the penetration levels are the lowest. That's where we are building out and have a lot of network 


today. And I visited, myself, Congo very recently. I made a tour of the whole country and I can tell you that there are 
plenty of opportunities in that country, and that one of our top priorities is building the network in that country, because 
there are a lot of unserved customers. But at the same time countries like Senegal, Tanzania, Ghana are fantastic 
opportunities where we will continue improving the quality and the size of our networks, and that's what we will be 
focusing on, and that I think is one of my top target. The other target is of course to make sure that 3G gets 
implemented in Latin America, whilst we continue growing Latin America at a strong pace. And we will be very close, 
monitoring very closely, the performance of the 3G networks if and when they get turned on, probably, starting the 
third quarter of this year. I think in Asia, I think it's a very similar picture as Africa. A lot of CapEx is going into 
countries like Cambodia and Sri Lanka. We see great opportunities there and so we accelerated CapEx there. And 
again, we want to make sure that that CapEx gets spend, that those networks get build because that means that we can 
continue taking on more and more subscribers. I would say those are the targets. We will continue to follow the buyout 
opportunities, but again nothing is happening or has happened over the past quarter. And, but we will continue 
following those things, and we will also continue following new markets in Latin America, maybe also Africa. And, we 
will always be looking for new opportunities in the markets, where we are to better service our customers. 

<Q - William Miller, IV>: That's terrific. Well done. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll move now to Peter Nielsen from Cheuvreux. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Peter-Kurt Nielsen>: Thank you, Peter-Kurt Nielsen from Cheuvreux. I know you don't give financial guidance 
Marc, but since you've opened up with a dividend I think it's fair to ask. Would you expect the positive cash flow based 
on your own definition for 2008? And secondly, I'm just following up on this. Given the special dividend here is that, 
can we see that as an indication that a buyout of minorities is not something we should expect in the very near-term? 
Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I'll start with the last, I've always said that prior to the announcement of the dividend that we have 
sufficient cash resources, and the capabilities to [inaudible] the company to do a number of things including returning 
money to shareholders, buyout and all the shareholders, fuel the growth in the markets. So the one doesn't -- certainly 
doesn't know because it excludes the other. 

<Q - Peter-Kurt Nielsen>: Okay. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We have a leverage of 0.6 to 1 net debt to EBITDA leverage, so that is very low, which will allow 
us to leverage local balance sheet even more if we want to do so. So the one doesn't excludes the other. And I think our 
cash flow position going forward will of course impact us or can be impacted by speed of the CapEx spending, also if 
we were to buyout some minority shareholders, if we were to go into new markets, those are factors that could impact 
our cash flow. So that's one of the reasons why we will in the course of 2008 think about probably a dividend policy, so 
which we will then -- I think it's little too early to really answer that question at this time. 

<Q - Peter-Kurt Nielsen>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Kestenbaum with Morgan Joseph. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Great, thanks Marc. Can you follow-up on the – just following up on the first question, as 
far as you SAC, you've always said its about $25, is that where it remains and where is that heading, it seems to be 
flatter with the phone subsidization do we see that going up? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, I can tell you that our SAC has not gone up. I think our SAC might even have gone down a 
little bit, but let's say that it's more or less at the same level, which is across Millicom, which is $25. 


<Q - David Kestenbaum>: So 25. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hoping with ARPUs of around $12 for prepaid customer, we're still looking at payback below 
three months and over 21 months we know we're making money on the customer, so nothing has changed in that 
perspective. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: And going forward even with the subsidization, you think it will stay around 25? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yeah I don't see any change there. So again subsidies in Latin America is something we've always 
been doing. So there is no change there. And we're very happy with this 1.4 million subscribers in Central America for 
instance. So that is going, that's a very, very strong number and again it shows, what the positive impact has been, of 
the launch of the second billing in 2007. I've always said that the impact of the second billing you don't see necessarily 
in the first month or the second month or the third month, this is an impact you see over time and I think the subscriber 
number is just another proof of that. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. And then likewise on Chad you said that was up if you include the TDMA subs but 
if you exclude them, was that at historical levels or... 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Chad was the same around to 4% level for prepaid, so if you were to strip this TDMA migration 
out of it, TDMA, CDMA migration out of it. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. And then can you update with us with Panama what's happening there with the 
whole Greenfield opportunity? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: At this point in time we amongst some others, I think we just short listed and the government 
expect us to submit a financial best buy and not much I think. So we will keep the market updated when we approach 
that date. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. Is there anything out imminent on the Greenfield opportunity? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Not at this point in time, nothing on -- we were constantly looking at things but nothing specific to 
report at this stage. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll move now to Stefan Pettersson with Kaupthing Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Stefan Pettersson>: Yes. Hello Stefan Pettersson, Kaupthing Bank. Once again terrific subscriber intake and I 
would like to look at the subscriber intake in Central America in relation to the ARPU. There is a sequential fall in the 
ARPU but then you stated that majority of the subscriber base was taken in, in the end of the quarter in December. How 
much did that affect ARPU and do you expect the ARPU to come back to closer to US$20 going forward. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Definitely when new subscribers or the [inaudible] by definition that puts pressure on the ARPUs 
because you'll get from those subscribes at best one month of revenue so that pulls down the quarter. As always I'm not 
going to give any outlook for ARPUs going forward but clearly, the reason you know that is the reason why ARPUs 
were lower in Q4 because we have almost like 700,000 subscribers that were added across the month of December. So, 
you can make the calculation yourself what impact that has had on ARPU. 

<Q - Stefan Pettersson>: Yeah. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes. 


Operator 

We'll move now to Sven Sköld with Swedbank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Sven Sköld>: Okay. Thanks. I'd like to discuss the subscriber intake going forward. You think we should 
calculate with traditional seasonality in Latin America in Q1 and second should we expect also traditional seasonality 
in Africa or will that be different because those markets are pretty young or how should we look at it going forward? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: In Q4 you always have seasonality both in Latin America and in Africa. So, I think Q4 will always 
be a better – and has always been a better quarter for Millicom than any of the other quarters in the year. So, I don't 
think that is going to be different going forward and I don't think that we're looking at, substantial slowdown in Q1, 
because what we see in the beginning of the quarter, looks like we started the year very well. 

<Q - Sven Sköld>: Okay. And may I also ask about the 30% value added service in Paraguay is that mainly SMS or is 
that other kind of services now? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No SMS represents about 65% of those revenues, the other 35% are ring tone downloads, music 
downloads of course browsing of the internet. We also launched BlackBerry services in Q4 in Latin America so, that 
make up for the difference. 

<Q - Sven Sköld>: Have you been looking at other services such as e-banking for example, which I know is not 
common but, there are examples of it in Africa? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We've not launched our own e-banking initiatives, because we're not looking at e-banking at what 
we are looking at our electronic transfers of money. And so, that is something we are looking at and we might be 
launching a service in one or the other market in the course of 2008. 

<Q - Sven Sköld>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Lena Österberg with SEB Enskilda. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Yes, hello. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hey Lena. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Once again congratulations, I guess you heard it enough now. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I don't mind. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Few questions regarding, back again regarding sales in Latin America. Could you just specify 
how much, what the difference is between, you said that you have a large intake in SMEs or corporate what's the 
difference between [inaudible]. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Lena, you're breaking up. We don't hear you very well. Could you ask the question again? 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Yes, sorry. I'll just take my headset off. On SAC in Central America, the question was -- you 
wrote in your report that you were pressing ahead in the corporate segment. Could you just say how much higher the 
acquisition costs are on the corporate side and maybe if you will disclose the portion of subscribers that are corporate 
customers? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, I don't think we spoke specific on the corporate market segment. I think we're looking at 
getting higher value. And we're looking a lot at value-added services, whereas Central America just is one of our 
fastest-growing regions when it comes to value-added services. But we're not looking specifically at the corporate 


segment. By the way, I think the corporate segment in Central America is more or less done so the growth comes 
primarily out of the retail market segment. And as I said before, the average SAC in Millicom has not gone up. I think 
it might even have gone down slightly. And I think the picture for Central America -- I don't have the data here, but I 
think that picture in Central America is very similar. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: And I also ask a question on CapEx again. It seems rather conservative what 1 billion CapEx 
guidance, given that your revenue growth is so strong. Is it fair to assume that CapEx, the sales will stay stable rather 
for 2008? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No. I think CapEx, the sale will come down in 2008. I'm not looking at increasing CapEx at the 
same rate that we are increasing EBITDA in -- will be increasing EBITDA in 2008. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Drake Johnstone with Davenport. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Hello there. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hey, Drake. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: The question I have for you, you had mentioned that Millicom was increasing the amount 
spent for subsidiaries to corporate headquarters. And I note that in the fourth quarter of 2007 that your corporate cost 
had stepped up very dramatically the third quarter. Is that the reason why the corporate cost went up so much? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I don't know what I said about headquarter cost, but I don't think I said anything, Drake. So what 
are you referring to, specifically here? 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: A corporate cost of 16.97 million in Q4. Do you expect costs to be at those levels or higher 
going forward, on a quarterly basis? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Again, I can't give you any guidance on cost, but I don't think there was any specific reasons, you 
know, why corporate costs went up in Q4. I think, of course, as our business grow and as with the complexity of our 
business with the whole Sarbanes-Oxley approach and stuff like that, spending more time on procurement and also on 
the technical side, that might have increased -- a small increase in head office in our cost. But it's not like we're 
spending money on new buildings or stuff like that, no nothing of that. So we're just renting a building in Luxembourg, 
that's the only thing we do. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Okay. And then I'm not sure I caught it. In Colombia, you had talked about margins in Q3 
and Q4 and to your expectation in Q1. Could you review that the margin in Colombia in Q3, Q4 and also expectation of 
Q1 '08? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: What I said is that the margin impact as a result of the change in interconnect will be bigger in the 
first quarters and will become small as we move on in the year. That's what I said, and that the impact will be more or 
less negligible in 2009. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: I think you all mentioned that your margin in Colombia was 25% in Q3. Did you mention the 
actual level of the margin in Q4? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I said that we were looking for a margin in Q1 between 10 to 15%. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Hey, great. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 


Operator 

We'll move now to Kevin Roe from Roe Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Thank you. Great quarter Marc, and hi Andrew. 

<A - Andrew Best>: Hi. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you, Kevin. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: A couple questions. First, on the dividend, which is terrific. And considering, or possibly 
considering a recurring dividend, does that preclude share repurchases possibly happening in 2008? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, this evidence doesn't preclude anything. We had almost $1.2 billion of cash at the end of the 
year, so we only – representing up the – I don't know what the exact absolute amount is, but I think it must be around 
250 million or $260 million, so that still leaves us with almost $1 billion of cash in the system and with a balance sheet 
that is still very lowly leveraged. So we have enough capacity to do the things that we want to do which you know, 
over could be buying minority shareholders, accelerate growths, go into new market and as we said, returning money to 
shareholders at a certain point of time. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Right including share repurchase, that's great. Regarding your minority partners in Honduras and 
Guatemala, I know you can't comment anything happening today, but are you optimistic you can get a transaction done 
in 2008 in one or both of those businesses? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I don't know Kevin because we have been in discussions with those people over a number of years 
so its very, very difficult to really say anything about that. So we will see. And we are interested in buying out the 
minority shareholders, as we said if it is accretive to Millicom, if it's not accretive we're not interested. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: And lastly on margins you mentioned maintaining or increasing Central American margins, 
increasing your margins in Africa. We've had a thorough discussion about South America. I don't think you mentioned 
your margin expectation directionally for Asia for 2008, but when we mix that all together should we expect '08 margin 
consolidated to be higher than the 42% reported in 2007? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: That's what I've said about Asia last year. I'm repeating that, I said I don't expect any margin 
improvement in Asia for the simple reason that our largest markets revenue wise Colombia we have a revenue share 
which keeps the margin, sorry Cambodia sorry, which keeps the revenue share – revenue share which keeps the margin 
low, so I don't really see any economies of scale there. Sri Lanka, we already have 50% EBITDA margin so I don't 
really see any upside on the margin there. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: And then on a consolidated basis, when you put that all together for '08 versus '07 directionally, do 
you expect '08 to be up versus '07? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: With the impact of Colombia, you're going to see of course, and then the margin of 2008 because 
there we lose margin as a result of the new interconnect. And yes, we will strive to increase our -- further increase our 
margin in Africa as we build the economies of scale. And I think that the reduction we saw in the margin in Q4 for 
Central America, I don't think we're going to see that in our principally this quarter. So, I expect that we should able to 
get back to this similar margin levels, yeah. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 


We will move now to Alexander Vislykh from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Yes hi, I just wanted to get back to the Colombian interconnect story and you're mentioning 
in your press release that your EBITDA margin came in at 16% in Colombia. So that's a 9 percentage point drop from 
-- around 9 percentage point drop from Q3 level. So if we add back the losses from interconnect 7 million of to 
revenues and 5 million to EBITDA the underlying margin works out at around 19%. So that's still around 6% lower 
than in the previous quarter. Can you explain what else was happening during the quarter that has taken your margin 
down? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I don't think anything specific has happened in Colombia any different from what we saw in other 
countries and that is fourth quarter is a very strong quarter in terms of subscriber intake. I think that will be impacting 
the number. And I think as a result of the interconnect change you probably have a slightly change in calling patterns. 
So I think in terms of Colombia, I think it's really too early to really come conclusions as to what is the margin going to 
be going forward. We only have like you know a little bit over two months under our belt of the new interconnect. And 
we know that the -- with the new tariff packages we have introduced in order to take advantage of the lower 
interconnect costs. So it improved affordability of the services, which I'm sure also impacted the margin in Q4. I think 
we need to see how these things play out. We think that these things will play out positively. But again, let's not come 
to any conclusions after two months. I think this is a similar issue as we had last year around this time with the second 
billing. Let's not come to conclusions too early. These things have an impact and will have an impact on the 
performance -- of our performance in those countries in the short-term, but even also in the medium and the long-term. 
So give it a couple of months and then we'll be able to report better after Q1 what the first quarter has given us after the 
interconnect changes in Colombia. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We move now to Bengt Mölleryd with Handelsbanken. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: Thank you very much. Bengt Mölleryd, Handelsbanken. Based on the subscribers, that if you 
could clarify regarding the definition there, what is stipulating a customer? And then secondly, I guess, has your view 
on Asia changed or you are still committed to that area or is there any possibilities to expand there? And then thirdly, 
when it comes to CapEx are you thinking along the lines move faster with the 3G and go for mobile data or mobile 
access to Internet as a growth driver in Central America for example? Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: In terms of subscriber definition, yes, we changed our definition in Q3 and said that our clients or 
customer are somebody who generates revenues within the period of 60 days or somebody who starts generating 
revenues for us as when it comes to new customers. So I think it is the expected definition in the industry. Asia 
continues to be important for us. All three markets now where we are -- are important for us and you can see that the 
result in 2007 in Asia were better than the results in the year 2006. So that is very encouraging. We are not really 
looking at any acquisition in Asia. We of course continue to follow developments in Vietnam, but I think that's about 
the only thing we're currently looking at. In terms of CapEx you... 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: I was just thinking along the lines such as you're scaling up the CapEx or also thinking that 
upgrading network in order to respond to using for data-com communication? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yeah, so that's what we will start launching those services in Q3 of this year in some Latin 
American markets and for us this is both, I would say a proactive move in terms of, wanting to further accelerate or 
increase our value-added services income or revenues. And at the same time, we want to make sure that our A and B 
market segment customers, which are amongst our best customers, that they also get access to the newest technologies. 
So, those are the reasons why we want to launch those services in Latin America. We are focusing primarily on the data 
revenue using the HSDPA in our technology. So, that's how we are focusing on. We will continue to use our 2G 


networks for many, many years to come because they still have a long economic life ahead of them. 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: If a last follow-up there, when it comes to the definition of subscriber, did you say that the 
average revenue 60 days or alternatively if they start to paying or? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, no. It's depending whether you are a customer or whether you become a customer. When you 
are a customer you have to generate revenues within the period of 60 days. When you buy a SIM card, and also the fact 
that you buy SIM card that makes you a customer, you need to start making or you're creating revenues for the 
company. That's when we start reporting you as a subscriber. 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: If I may ask, you're using the same definition in all your markets? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes. 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. 

Operator 

Mr. Beuls, there are no further questions at this time. Are there any other points you wish to raise? 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. I would like to thank all of you for being on the call today and have a great day. Goodbye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


