Q1 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• David Sach, Chief Financial Officer 
• Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Ric Prentiss 
• Anders Wennberg 
• Sven Sköld 
• Lena Österberg 
• Drake Johnstone 
• Soomit Datta 
• David Kestenbaum 
• Bengt Mölleryd 
• William Miller 
• Alexander Vislykh 
• Marcus Baeumer 
• Adrian Dawes 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Millicom Q1 2008 Results Conference Call. For your information, 
this conference is being recorded. May I also remind you that this call is being audio streamed over the web and is 
accessible at www.millicom.com together with the presentation, summarizing the key features of the results. 

I would now like to hand you over to the host of today's conference Mr. Marc Beuls, President and CEO; and Mr. 
David Sach, CFO. Please go ahead. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator and welcome to everyone who has joined us today. For this call both David and I will be using 
slides to run you through the results. It will be helpful to have these slides in front of you and you can find them on our 
home page at www.millicom.com. We will both be happy to answer any questions you have at the end. But first, I 
would like to give you an overview of the results and run you through the performance of each cluster. 

Before we start running through the slides, I just wanted to cover a few general operating themes as I am sure you are 
already familiar with the main numbers that we have announced earlier today which saw Millicom maintain sector 
leading growth numbers in terms of subscribers, revenue and net profits, we were very pleased with the results, which 
were above all our internal forecast. The things that I wish to discuss are firstly the profile of Millicom's customers in 
Latin America, as penetration rates rise across these markets. Secondly, the geographical balance for the Millicom's 
portfolio with the margins of Africa and Asia, and thirdly the broadband opportunity in Latin America and eventually 
across all of our markets. 


The profile of Millicom's customers inevitably changes as we drive penetration rates across our markets, and of course 
it's most marked in the higher penetration countries in Latin America where today penetration is approaching 70%. 

Our business model in Latin America is based on the assumption that as penetration rates rise, the incremental 
subscriber will have less disposable income. We have two key target for market segments, for marketing purposes. 
Firstly, there is a high value in business segment, which is a relatively small group of highly profitable customers that 
are prime targets as they have very high usage and are be innovative in this sector and will eventually be the initial user 
of our broadband services. 

Secondly, there is the mass market segment which subscribers -- where subscribers have less disposable income. We 
just focus on servicing the mass market segments but the greatest numbers of customers exist are providing value for 
money, although we have always said we love our post-paid and high revenue pre-paid customers as well. We realized 
early on, operating in Latin America that once we have secured the high value market segments that's the only way to 
take market share and to build a nationwide brands was to have a value based service with appeal to the lower ARPU 
segments of the market, and this became a highly successful Triple A strategy. 

A high growth of subscribers as you have seen so clearly in Q4, 2007 and in Q1, 2008 is driven by this strategy and this 
is why we are continuing to take market-share from our competitors. However what the Q1 numbers also illustrate is 
that actually drive affordability into our markets this will result in lower overall ARPUs. Further more the higher 
volumes of subscribers who have changed the mix of customer base. This ARPU trends is a positive for us as lower 
offers help drive scale which continue to positively impact our EBITDA margin. 

I will now move on to that second theme which is the geographic profile of Millicom's businesses. First quarter of 2008 
was a defining moment as today Africa is for the first time the fastest growing part of Millicom's businesses in terms of 
subscribers and revenues. And Asia is going at a rate not far behind. 

In terms of net subscriber additions Africa and Asia today account for 45% of the total against only 39% in Q1 2007. 
What this means is that over the next few years Africa and Asia are going to become accretivily important parts of the 
business. And with a 160 million people under license in Africa and 42 million people in Asia, it means that from 70% 
of our potential market is in these regions. So lot of those countries in which we operate in Africa and Asia is 
considerably lower and so our value offering through the Triple A strategy is even more important as subscribe have 
less disposable income. 

My final theme is the broadband opportunity in Latin America, which will become an opportunity in our other markets 
overtime as well. In Latin America our strategy today is to build a volume business by selling mobile foreign services 
to the mass market but we are determined not to overlook another opportunity which is to sell broadband services to 
our higher value customers. It is important as we -- if do not provide these high value customers with broadband our 
competitors will do so and we might lose these valuable customer. 

We've talked a great deal about how value added services and broadband are growing across Latin America and our Q1 
results showed how fast broadband are now 33% of our business in product line. We expect this trend to continue in 
other Latin American market. 

Our broadband strategy is to expand staff aggressively by repetating the successful marketing strategy that brought in 
product line into other markets. We are also expanding our Wi Max business by buying additional spectrum and again 
repetating the success of Wi Max the product line where the business is growing strongly. We are also set to launch 3G 
across Latin America in Q3 and Q4 of this year. We made a success of our broadband offering, we need to continue to 
invest in our IP background and to minimize the microwave component in the network as IP brings the right reliability 
and bandwidth that is crucial to quality. 

We have already build a fully IP fiber optic ring for many of our markets and we will continue to add to these 
networks. Our belief is that over the long term broadband will migrate from today's position as a niche product for 
higher value customers to a must have product for the mass market. At the point when our markets are fully penetrated 
broadband will become the way for us to increase the revenues per subscriber as we continue to drive top-line growth. 


Now we will turn briefly to the summary slides. I want to pick up on two items on slide number two that are key data. 
Revenue growth was 42% against 41% in Q4 in 2007, margins are healthy 42% and when considering the much lower 
margins of South America due to Colombia this is a very encouraging performance and our view is that group margins 
should gradually improve from here on. 

CapEx at $265 million was above the run rate needed to achieve our forecast of a billion plus in CapEx over 2008 and 
Q1 is normally the quietest quarter in CapEx so we may be able to invest more than we had originally envisioned. 

Subscriber growth shown in slide 3, continues to be extremely strong which demonstrates our success in building 
market share as the penetration rate -- penetration increases across our market and increasing levels of subscriber 
growth, three quarters in a row shows the overall trend. 

Turning to slide 4, revenue it's interesting to look at the year-on-year revenue growth rates on a quarterly basis. As we 
have grown our business the law of big numbers means that it has become harder to increase the rate of growth and so 
quarter-on-quarter we've seen a slow downward trend in growth rates. Q1 saw a slightly strong growth against this 
trend for several reasons the main one being the fact that a high portion of the subscriber intake in Q4 came late in the 
quarter. 

Slide 5 again it's interesting to see that the same trends for EBITDA growth and thus I didn't – I don't want to dwell on 
this except to point out that we continue to grow profitably. 

Turning to slide number 6 in Central America it's interesting to see that our strong number one position has enabled us 
to maintain EBITDA margins of 55%. Central America shows clearly the trend of a much higher subscriber growth at 
65% enabling us to keep strong revenue growth at 36%. 

Slide 7, South America the number show the impact of lower margins in Colombia inline with expectations and the 
impact this has had on the business following the reduction in interconnect rates in Q4. What is very encouraging about 
Colombia is that we are continuing to see -- continuing to increase our market share of reloads which will mean that 
linked to good elasticity we will be able to improve margins during 2008 and 2009; the expectation is that we will back 
on course as to our original plans. Yesterday the Regulator in Colombia released numbers which show that Millicom is 
growing three times faster than the market and in the first quarter increased market share by 0.74% to 10.1%. 

On slide 8 for Africa there are two very encouraging points to make. Firstly Africa is now the fastest growing region in 
Millicom and secondly the EBITDA margin of 31% shows a gradual improvement in margins quarter-on-quarter. The 
trends we expect to continue from here on. Ghana goes from strength-to-strength adding 371,000 subscribers during the 
quarter with revenues up by 51% year-on-year. Since the quarter end, the government has introduced a 6% tax for all 
operators on the outgoing revenues which the subscribers will pay. During the quarter Tanzania added 262,000 
subscribers and Senegal added 214,000 which showed the increasing strength and balance of our African operations. 

Finally slide 9 shows that Asia to-date is now Millicom's second fastest growing region which is a major improvement 
from a year ago. This shift to taking in more subscribers from Africa and Asia will change the balance of our subscriber 
intake and as I've already mentioned and we were in marketshare in Africa and Asia a higher proportion of our new net 
subscriber additions come with a lower ARPU. 

Now I would like to hand over to David to talk you through financials. 

David Sach, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Mark on slide 10 you can see our key financial ratios for the quarter. Cost of sales continues to fall as a 
percentage of revenues, now 25% versus 27% in the first quarter of last year, reflecting the economies of scale that we 
are achieving as our market shares rise. In order to achieve these increases in market share we have been aggressively 
investing in our brand and promoting new lower tariff plans and new innovative products and services. This investment 
has resulted in higher sales and marketing costs, which have risen to 21% of have risen to 21% of revenues, up from 
16% in Q1, 2007. The effects of these investments can be seen in our strong net subscriber additions for the quarter. As 


you know it is vital for our business model that our costs are tightly controlled and this is illustrated by the lowest G&A 
percentage of revenues now at 12% versus 13% in quarter 1, 2007. 

On slide 11 you can see how the EBITDA margin compares with previous quarters. Growing sales and marketing 
spends in the past few quarters as we invested in our brands reduced our EBITDA margin. Now that we are seeing the 
benefits of scale from these investments and our sales of marketing has stabilized as the percentage of sales we are 
seeing that EBITDA margins start to improve. Both cost of sales and G&A as the percentage of revenues are at the 
lowest level for the past five quarters. We are on track to deliver our target margin in the mid 40s as we achieved 
critical mass and gained market share in our newer market. 

On slide 12, we have set out an overview of the P&L. The areas that we wish to bring to your attention, of the increase 
and depreciation and amortization, reflecting the much higher level of CapEx and the decrease in the tax rate. The net 
results of the above was the year-on-year increase in net profit before discontinued operation from 89 million in quarter 
1, 2007 to 158 million for quarter 1, 2008, an increase of 78%. 

Please turn to slide 13. The slide shows the CapEx, the Q1 was $ 265 million as against the $183 million in Q1 2007 
and $6 millions more than the average quarterly CapEx in 2007. As we have said before CapEx is a good indicator as 
to how we view our future potential. There continues to be wonderful opportunities to invest in our markets and we will 
continue to do so as aggressively and as wisely as possible. 

We predict full year CapEx for 2008 in excess of $1 billion and that the CapEx to sales ratio will fall overtime. As the 
ratio falls the business will become increasingly cash generative. 

Slide 14 shows that depreciation for quarter 1 had a $111 millions has risen considerably, from an average $89 million 
a quarter in 2007 due to higher capital expenditures. With the quarterly CapEx rising substantially over the past several 
years and forecast to stay above $250 millions on average over the next few quarters, we can expect to see depreciation 
continuing to rise to several years. As a guide depreciation has the percentage of the revenues that stay fairly constant 
and we expect this to remain the case even when investing in 3G technology begin in this year. 

On slide 15 you will see that debts stood at $1.7 billion at the end of the first quarter down from $1.8 billion at the end 
of quarter four last year. This follows the fourth conversion of the $200 million 4% convertible notes due 2010 in 
January as part of our ongoing program to improve balance sheet efficiency by replacing debt at the corporate level 
with debt in the operating companies which is then official to our tax rate. This will reduce interest expense by 
approximately $35 million over the next two years. We will continue to load the corporate debt by exercising our right 
to redeem the remaining 10% notes due in 2013 in December 2008 later this year. Millicom is still in an undelivered 
position with next debt to EBITDA of 0.4 to 1 and we recognize the benefits of a higher leverage ratio. Our target level 
is a ratio of 2 to 1 in terms of net debt to EBITDA and we are looking at several opportunities to strengthen our position 
in our existing market and to enter new markets. 

On slide 16 you can see that interest expense has risen gradually inline with debt and that the growth interest rate has 
stayed fairly constant at 10%. We have been replacing our corporate debt with local debt which significantly reduces 
the extra tax cost of borrowing. The benefits of these actions are reflected in our overall group effective tax rate as seen 
on the next slide. 

Our overall group tax position is summarized on slide 17 where you can see that our effective tax rate for the operation 
fell to 21% due to a more balanced geographical mix of pre tax profit, despite the operating losses in Colombia and the 
Congo which has kept the effective tax rate up. On this slide, you can also see that corporate is much lesser the drag on 
the overall group effective tax rate, and when we are able to repay the remaining corporate debt at the end of this year, 
corporate should no longer be a drag on our overall group tax rate. As a result of these initiatives, we now expect that 
the overall group tax rate will be below 30% for this year. 

Please turn to slide 18 which shows that Millicom has been able to finance its increased level investments from internal 
cash generation, and that free cash flows, cash from operating activities less total investments was positive. The closing 
balance of $1.2 billion in cash means that we have net debt of $523 million and are well positioned to continue with our 
accelerated investment program for our existing businesses and to explore the other options that we have already 


discussed. 

Slide 19 shows the cash flow impact from our CapEx investments of $265 million for the quarter. 

Thank you. Now, I will hand you back to Mark. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you David, in conclusion, Q1 has been an excellent quarter for us we have delivered a higher revenue growth 
than in Q4. The main driver of this strong growth has been the emergence of Africa as our fastest growing region for 
the first time in Q1, together with a strong growth in Asia which just became the second fastest growing region almost 
keeping pace with Africa. Our operations in Latin America continue to outperform the industry locally achieving 
market-leading growth as we continue to capture market share. 

One of the most exciting aspects of the Latin America result was the dramatic increase in VAS and broadband across 
all of our operations which does gives us confidence ahead of the launch of 3G in the second half of 2008. And David 
has just mentioned we continue to invest heavily the 265 million of CapEx in the third quarter and expectations of $1 
billion plus for the full year as we see increasing opportunities in our market. 

The outlook for Millicom is positive we believe that in Africa and Asia we are only just starting to see the benefit of the 
J curve which is driving our Latin American operations today. 

That concludes my comments and we will now be happy to take your questions. Operator may I have the first question 
please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ric Prentiss of Raymond James & 
Associates. 

<Q - Ric Prentiss>: Questions for you first if you could touch on may be the current status on some of the new license 
opportunities in Panama just what the update is and we are hearing some rumblings out of Costa Rica as well and then 
the second question we got a lot of reports about commodity prices but also the cost of food. Have you seen any issues 
as far as the cost of food in your different markets? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: In terms of the new licenses yes we are short listed in Panama and I think the date by which we 
need to submit our final offer is May the month of May of this year so its in the next month as particularly for Costa 
Rica yes I think I have told by the constitutional code that they have a defective monopoly but not legal monopoly so 
that means that other operators I guess are going to be allowed in and related to this year or next year. So we will be 
following that stipulation fairly closely. 

In terms of commodity and food prices you know as commodity prices as you know have gone up quite a lot and a lot 
of countries are exporting those commodities and agricultural products are also minerals so that's positive. In terms 
food prices yes I am sure that all of you have seen the increases in their food prices worldwide, so far as you can see 
from the results again in Q1 you know it has not been impacting our business could be that you know a lot of the food 
that is consumed in our countries is produced locally and not really you know makes it to the world markets and as a 
result of that is subjected to a different price mechanisms and I think also mobile telephony is as we all know the most 
aspirational product and service to have today so people have to make a choice you know they probably would like to 
buy minutes and may be not buying other you know stock within consumer goods so although as we all know of course 
it will go further of course. 

<Q - Ric Prentiss>: Great. Okay, thanks guys. 


<A - Marc Beuls>: Welcome. 

Operator 

Okay our next question comes from Sven Sköld of Swedbank. Please go ahead Sven. Hosts we have lost Sven Sköld. 
[Operator Instructions] Next we go Anders Wennberg of RAM. Please go ahead Anders. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Hello this is Anders Wennberg for RAM. Congratulations once again for a strong customer 
intake and can you help understand a little bit regarding the customer intake versus ARPU development you had a 
couple of force in a row with better intake than expected but were also the kind didn't expect got the revenues 
exceeding around 40% revenue growth for the 42%. Should we expect that revenue growth to be sustainable or should 
that come down a little bit? And the second question regarding customer intake, the biggest surprises were on DRC and 
Ghana, we know they are coming in new competition in those two countries later this year from digits that we've been 
seeing. Is there a little bit of extra push from your side in those two countries ahead of the new competition or how 
should we view those two positive surprises? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay, let me first answer the question along the customer intake versus ARPU. But you know 
Anders and thank you for the compliment, as you know Anders we have – we've always been focusing on the prepaid 
market segments and that intakes year but at the end of the day, I want every inhabitant of one country have more 
phones, because the more users of mobile phone the more phone calls will be made at the end of the day. Given that in 
Latin America -- going into market segments the disposal income given that we are growing faster in Africa and Asia 
than we were in the past, you see a difference mix of our subscribers and we will be getting subscribers with lower 
disposal income which you know we are very happy with them because they allow me to sell more up to a large you 
know group of people to new market segments and if they come with lower ARPUs than they came -- than other 
subscribers came in the past you know that doesn't bother to me, that doesn't bother me because with the economical 
scale we create with the increased number of calls that's you know generation of increased revenue growth and as well 
you know equates economy to a scale which should lead going forward to even better margins than we have today and 
leading in our to the mid 40 EBITDA margin which you know is one of our target. 

In terms of the revenue growths as we said the now you have the role of the bigger number, the bigger the base, you 
know the slower the growth will be and I think we are going to subject to that rule too, you know that's the rule like 
gravity, your commentate from those things and so, you will see revenue growths trending down as it trended down last 
year. So, I don't think we should expect any surprises there. In terms of and Ghana, I think the reason why we are doing 
so well has nothing to do with that you know we're extra things ahead of you know new comers into the markets I think 
we have just great teams on the ground there as we have in our other you know markets, that is just doing a fantastic 
job as far as building out in that whole new the quality and the coverage of the network, you know growing the 
distribution make sure that we have affordable services and that makes us as I said on the call makes us grow faster 
than other telephone companies in the country and gives us you know growth either side and the sector gave us so we 
have places where we're doing a fantastic job and as far as Ghana is concerned you know you could say that we are 
catching up you know with some things we didn't do in the past because of lack of promises whatever it was so I think 
we are now getting back to position where we probably should have been all along. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: As down town still haven't solved bit of their network capacity in Ghana or is that have to 
sold the issue? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think you should ask them I have not heard recently any news from that so I would suggest you 
ask them the question. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay, do you know anything about when they are saying we are launch in Ghana and did 
they he say so should I ask them also? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: What I've read in again is that 3G is going to launch one second part of the year and as far as Dave 
is concerned September, third quarter I guess of this year that's what we'll see when has happened we are well prepared 


to face any operator in any of the 60 markets where we are today. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank Anders. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Sven Sköld of Swedbank in Stockholm. Please go ahead Sven. 

<Q - Sven Sköld>: Okay thanks, I was just wondering about the short terms in Latin America and also do you expect 
acquisition cost to go down as ARPU goes down or is that fixed at the same level? Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: In terms of the churn we don't see a change in outstanding numbers the churn is more or less the 
same for prepaid customers around about 4% on a monthly basis so the average life of a customer is still around two 
year so life -- economic life on our network and also our subscriber acquisition cost is not trending up I think you could 
say rather its still below $25 may be slightly trending down but I think -- that a very, very small but I think our 
subscribe acquisition cost is stable and what we see it that with the highest subscribe intake the bigger businesses we 
have now we get better economic -- economies up scale which should allow us to still maintain our margins or even 
increase our margins going forward. 

<Q - Sven Sköld>: Okay, thanks can you also discuss ARPU for our subscribing in only Latin American country I 
mean an old subscriber but not the new ones which are diluting the ARPU I mean is the churn positive in general or 
stable or? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well, we don't see enough for relative for existing customers because that's the whole existing 
customers we have of course by us improving the affordability you know there will be pressure on the ARPU but at the 
same time pushing value added services very hard that will generate incremental revenue for existing subscribers and 
that means that you know Dave will spend more than the same amount may be slightly more monthly on the telephone 
of course it's the new subscribers that you know come in this lower ARPU as I just said. 

<Q - Sven Sköld>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Lena Österberg of Enskilda. Please go ahead Lena. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Yeah hi I have a few questions here. First of all on the tax rate as you have seen in the 
presentation material what do you said before is that usually I get dividends from the local companies in Q1 and that's 
usually made seasonality so if you had a high text rate in Q1 and now you had a very low one which was good for you I 
was wondering is there any delays in the dividends or what was the reason for the decline or the dividend trend in 
normal solution expecting the lower tax rates going forward or what should we expect? And then the one question on 
CapEx you mentioned a lot about your investment I was just wondering if you could give us some more detail on the 
split between CapEx for expansion and CapEx going into mobile data and the backbone investments that you 
mentioned and microwave likes to facilitate for the mobile data push. Thirdly I was wondering on the after decline that 
you the highlight that you will see as low as possibly current customers come in and you used to see a geographical mix 
towards Africa and Asia, do you expect that trend to be in line with what you saw in Q1 or do you expect further how 
we should interpret that the comments. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay let me first talk about the after David can answer the tax you know the tax and the CapEx 
that question yes we did change and mix which we highlighted today in terms of subscriber acquisition will continue 
because as we said a few minutes ago 70% of our potential subscribers are in Africa and Asia that's where normal 


penetrations are substantial lower than Latin America less than half what they are in Latin America I mean its that you 
we are going to get more and more of African Asian subscribers on that network and we are very very pleased about 
that that we will allow us to not create the same you know what we have been able to create in Latin America. So that 
makes we will continue and that's why we discuss the different teams up from the bargain of the different geographical 
mix and the new profile all the profile of the new customers that we are adding on to our networks in Latin America. So 
David could you talk about 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: But let me just ask you would you expect the decline the year-on-year decline to accelerate 
from here or do you expect just stay on level that you have seen in this quarter? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: But you know my team Lena you know often with emerging markets only goes South, so and that's 
what we will have to continue doing and work on affordability going to new market segments and that means that we 
get to new groups of great people, increase mobile penetrations and if that comes with lower ARPU so be it I think that 
is great news Millicom. David? 

<A - David Sach>: Hi Lena. Yeah regarding the tax rate, it's more driven this quarter in just the geographical mix of 
the profit. So, less losses in some of the African countries you have seen how they are improving and that had much 
more of an impact on the tax rate than in due withholding taxes. Yes, we are trying to spread the to withhold the 
payments of those dividends more ratably up throughout the year as we develop more consistency in those -- the ones 
who pay out the dividends which were in Central America so yeah there is a little bit of an impact from the withholding 
taxes, it's definitely becoming less seasonal for us but it really is the seasonable mix of the profits and we'll have to wait 
for Q2 Q3 with -- Q2 and Q3 before you really and have a better idea of the full year rate. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: But you haven't changed your tax rate for the full year and the guidance despite having a very 
low tax rate in the quarter that's why I am wondering if we should expect continued lower rates or if you expect to turn 
up significantly? 

<A - David Sach>: Yeah, I mean this time last year you know if I was predicting below 30 rather than being on a limb 
you know you probably think I was on a smallest little twig. So, there is an element of just cautiously watching that 
mix. If you go to last year the annual report which was posted up on the website so if you go there number 13 you can 
see the weighted average effected statutory reconciliation. And our blended rate, weighted average rate across all the 
countries is last year it was 23%. So, obviously there is a cost of the withholding tax in last year that's drove the 23 up 
to 27 and then we have two big impacts which are loss making companies which brings down the effected tax rate – 
sorry – bring up the effected tax rate and then obviously those companies that are based on revenues which bring it 
down. And as the -- so you can see there's a quite a mix there so I would think that 23 plus 4% withholding and then 
depending upon the other two factors and how they blend out that'll be where the full year rate ends up, so right now 
I'm going to stick with below 30 if you don't mind. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Okay. 

<A - David Sach>: Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: CapEx, do you want to talk about the CapEx then? 

<A - David Sach>: Well sorry what's the -- we haven't given the split between CapEx expansion and backbone. But, 
yes, as we start getting into things like 3G in Latin America, there obviously will be more of the CapEx will go on the 
backbone and putting fiber backbones in place and maybe even Wi Max backbone in place as we start to migrate 
towards a -- trying to get towards a full IP network, so yes, more of the spend will be on the backbone and then 
obviously we're moving out aggressively in Africa and Asia, so there's quite a bit of coverage CapEx there and then 
obviously Latin America would be the build out in recent years, there's more capacity there. So there continues to be 
quite a mix in CapEx but there's certainly more on the backbone. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Okay but given that you're guiding up I guess you what you're saying with this presentation is 
that we should see a slight, at least a slightly higher CapEx spend than what we saw last year, is it fair to say that you 
will spend as much on expansions as you did last year and that the 3G data investments were come on tops so we could 


expect the same subscriber growth rate at least? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: In terms of the CapEx I think the big spend for Millicom this year will continue to be in expanding 
our networks and this will be focusing a lot on Africa. I think we're probably spending half of our CapEx or will be 
spending half or a little bit under the half and less half of our CapEx in Africa this year and that's where the networks 
have a smallest day same with Africa, that's where we will be spending a lot of money. But at the same time we will be, 
what I would call upgrade on networks in Latin America start upgrading our networks to the next technology. I mean 
kind of now improve the quality of next network by doing these fiber optic links and stuffs like that. So, but still the 
bulk of our CapEx is expanding in countries in Africa and Asia. 

<Q - Lena Österberg>: Okay. thank you. 

<A - David Sach>: Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Drake Johnstone [Davenport]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Yeah nice quarter. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hi Drake. 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Yeah of course I had for you I understand the overall trends across markets with a 
moderation in revenue growth and subscriber growth; but that being said, I know you have also indicated that usually 
Q1 is the weakest quarter and subscriber growth generally improves over the course of the years, so I guess one 
question is, do you expect some improvements Q2 and sort of relevant to the course of the year and out with Q4 will be 
strongly. So that's one question. And the following question is, it seems that in your highly sensitive market Central and 
Latin America that steady downward trend in growth as far as revenue should be in place but it does seem in Africa 
perhaps in Asia you are actually seeing some acceleration in subscriber growth, so I was wondering if you could 
comment on those points. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay, I'm not sure whether I got your second question, Derrick. The first question, I thought that 
Q1 was a great quarter so because we accelerated the growth on a comparable basis from Q4 to Q1 and I think that 
hasn't happened too often in Millicom's history. So, and I think that came from first continued very strong performance 
in the Latin American countries and then Asia and Africa as I said on the call, things are just starting. As far as your 
second question is concerned, I'm not sure whether I got your second question, have you got the question...? Could you 
repeat that question again, Greg? 

<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Yeah the question is it seems that you will have moderation in the growth when your 
subscribers and revenue in Central and Latin America and South America. But the question I have is looks like your 
growth picked up in Africa and Asia, so I was wondering if you have some comments on those regions in terms of both 
revenue for subscriber growth. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: In absolute terms, Latin America continues to perform extremely, extremely well. So of course in 
percentage terms, given the law of the bigger numbers, that gives you a lower percentage growth but still in absolute 
terms, Central America and South America is very strong and we continue to outperform our competitors and I gave 
you the numbers in Colombia where we grow three times faster than the market. In Asia and Africa the results -- the 
fact that we now have -- they have become two fastest growing regions within Millicom as a result of increased CapEx 
which we saw doing in 2006 there and you start seeing the first result in and I would say the second part of 2007 and 
this continues in 2008 and this will continue in 2009 and the late year that's for the reason I have just said that a big 
chunk of our CapEx is going into those parts of the world and that will continue to grow – to drive growth and you are 
going to see kind of rebalancing in our the way Millicom's growth is coming from the start. We have seen that been 
more pronounced in Latin America. I think going forward it's going to be more out of Asia and Africa. 


<Q - Drake Johnstone>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Soomit Datta of New Street Research. Please go ahead Soomit. 

<Q - Soomit Datta>: Hi there. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hello. 

<Q - Soomit Datta>: May I just ask on Ghana the taxing introduced. Can you go into any more data on the timing and 
what you think the impact might be of tax I am talking about the 6% revenue type. And do you think there is a danger 
that other African countries or indeed I know your market governments look at the profits some of the mobile operators 
are making them think this is a fairly easy way to further budgetary deficit and that's the first question, and the second 
question is just on CapEx which you talked about a little bit. Is it, I mean the year-on-year growth in the CapEx and 
that's looking at Q1 '08 versus Q1 '07 is not quite 50% but getting onto that is that is ridiculous to think that group 
CapEx could be approaching $1.5 billion in 2008 or is that just slightly off the chart and then so going with the final 
question is just on the currencies. Obviously the dollar weakness has being supporting your total reported revenues. 
Have you tried to – or could you try and quantify at all how much fees you are getting from the currency movements at 
that moment? Thanks very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. So, first on Ghana let me say that the government took two decisions. The first one is that 
they abolished an import duty, import tax on mobile phones probably because there was no effective way to collect the 
tax in the country. Second, they introduced the tax of 6% on outgoing revenues from all operators, which we will 
charge on to the customer. The tax will be introduced from the first of May onwards and we haven't seen an impact yet. 
John, as you can see it's one of our fastest growing markets as it one time. So I hope that such a small issue will not 
really change the growth outlook for Ghana, but we'll be in a better position in July when we report the second quarter 
results to give you some feedback on that one. 

Is it going to happen in other places? I mean things can happen, but we have not seen any other and we have not seen 
similar initiatives in any of our other markets as also depends on as to how governments want to tax their companies or 
customers in any given country. So I don't think this is going to spread like the flu. 

In terms of CapEx, we put a big number on the table there – $1.5 billion, the answer to that, I don't know. I don't think 
we are going to see such a big increase for what I know today that we typically wait until we get to the middle of the 
year, then we have a much better view as to what CapEx has done in the first months, six months and what CapEx has 
been ordered to know it all went in the following six months. So, again, I think in July we will be able to give you a 
better number – a little more precise number there, but we've always been talking about billion dollar plus numbers. So 
we've always said that CapEx in 2008 was going to be higher CapEx next year... sorry last year. 

Currently impact very difficult. Fred you want to say something? 

<A - David Sach>: I mean the currently impact obviously from the translation perspective is on every line of the P&L, 
and it is so, it's probably less than you think, it's obviously in Central America, lot of those economies, lot of those 
currencies are linked to the dollar. So, and that's a big part of our revenues and profits today. So, obviously that's the 
little bit of a hedge. Obviously, we also tried to put in and we are trying to put in more local debt and get rid of the 
corporate debt as you know. Wherever possible we look to put that debt in place in local currency and that provides the 
natural hedge against our cash flows in those countries. So, we have that hedging mechanism available to ourselves as 
well. So, both these currencies impacting almost every line, it really isn't impacting the trends today, the overall trends 
and probably less than you might otherwise think, because of those natural hedges and as I just discussed. 

<Q - Soomit Datta>: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you. 


<A - David Sach>: You're welcome, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Kestenbaum of Morgan Joseph. Please go ahead, David. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay, thanks a lot. First of all, can you just tell us how many CDMAs are still left on your 
pass 1? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: CDMA, the only country where we still have the CDMA is Bolivia I would say 200,000 
approximately, so we are planning on shutting that network down later this year as we want to launch 3G in Bolivia. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: But that you know it's going to be a smooth process, we've learned from the processes in the other 
Latin American countries last year. So you are not going to know that in the numbers. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay. Could you just talk about margins in Central America, you saw a nice boost 
sequentially, can you just talk about what happened there and just what would you expect going forward? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think the margins in Central America goes back to where they were last year in Q1 and we said 
that Q4 looks – it's always an exceptional quarter where a lot of money is being spent on year-end campaigns, 
Christmas campaigns and they eat into our sales and marketing costs and that's why the margins typically are lower in 
the fourth quarter. That's the result of a lot of the subscribers coming and paying a little later in the fourth quarter in 
Central America. These guys stopped generating the great numbers and great revenues for us in Q1 and that boosts to 
the EBITDA margins but it's still at the same level as it was last year, which is quite an achievement given the 
affordability initiatives we've taken over 2007 the fact that we're getting subscribers from market segments with lower 
purchasing power, I think this EBITDA margins are just fantastic. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay, and finally when you at the competitive landscape and you started talking more 
about the broadband strategy, are you early into this broadband or so many of your competitors and maybe you could 
talk about which markets have they entered into that market? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think broadband has not been – not a matter of being first if US launching as well as let's say the 
same, yes, more or less that's what is happening I think our competitors are some markets they've launched and some 
markets they are planning launching and that have launched we don't see any impact at this point in time because our 
customers know that we will be launching itself later this year. What you need to do when you launch broadband is not 
just talk about technologies, and I think that's what I feel and what our operators are still being, to look like people have 
not learnt from the European experience. When we launched those new services ... new technology we will be talking 
about the services we provide to our customers and the benefits they can get from using this new network. So it will be 
again your customer-focused approach, developing new services, continuously pushing the fact which grows very 
rapidly over a little above 33% of recurring revenues in Paraguay, and 15% of recurring revenues in Central America 
which is an essential increase from where it was last year, so the 3G and the broadband will have happened in that 
effort. 

<Q - David Kestenbaum>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Bengt Mölleryd of Handelsbanken. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: Thank you very much. Firstly, congratulations very strong and impressive couple of million 
picking in the quarter. I guess regarding Asia I was just wondering what have you done this also there this quarter the 
strong subscriber growth there, and also in connection with the subscriber, has that been spread out evenly over the 
quarters more back end loaded and then thirdly I just want your views, you are talking about in terms of spending more 
money to gear up, are you looking at acquisitions and what would that be what would be your interest for you? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay. In Asia, we have just been doing the same thing as we have been doing in Africa, that means 
substantial increase the recent coverage of our network, the affinity to improve, the affordability concept like and 
divine heavy launched the second billing at the end of last year, so that is leading to similar results that we see in Africa 
where we have been doing the same thing and I've always been saying that Asia markets where we are and Africa 
markets where we are are very similar in terms of mobile penetration, GDP, the CapEx so we are not surprised to see 
same positive impact in terms of subscriber intake in Asia and this is not only on subscribers, it is also on revenues 
which also improved the profitability from the previous quarter. 

Subscriber intake across all regions this quarter has been spread very evenly, so it's only the fourth quarter that you 
have this peak, and then in the month of December but the other 12, 11 months of the year subscriber intake is going to 
fairly spread across the month of the quarter. In terms of acquisitions, I think we spoke earlier on the call about some 
new opportunities we are looking at in Central America, so we always keep an opportunistic view of the world of 
mobile telecommunications and we well go for those opportunities that get us the opportunity to create great 
shareholder value, but that's all I can say at this point in time. 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: If I may follow up in Central America beyond the recent new areas like in Panama or Costa 
Rica, would you be interested to buy a smaller operator? What are your...? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: What I said is historically that we've always interested to do another Colombian look-alike 
transaction if you looking out for we find a turn-around situation, a third or fourth operator struggling to compete in the 
market, we will be more than happy to have a look at that and eventually to go in there, but I don't think there are that 
many of those opportunities around at this point in time but we always keep an eye out on those things. 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: Yes, when it comes to broadband, have you seen any reason to alter your view on sticking to 
strictly mobile or just with the increased interest of broadband for neither a back bone or considering to also looking at 
fixed line services? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: As I've just said, when we look at broadband we don't look at it from a technology point of view. 
We look at what is the customer looking for, and some customers are looking for very low broadband usage some are 
looking for higher, and some like corporate's the fact that they are at the high end of the market are looking for what I 
would call big pipes to get access to the west. And in principal we will be providing solutions for those customers 
depending on what their needs are and that we'll be technology rich, but takes care of the needs of our customers. And 
there are difference between we'll be doing 3G we'll do Wi Max I think some corporates in Latin America we have 
fiber to their offices today already, so that will allow or we can do that off our existing backbone. So we provide the 
access in relation to the needs of our customers. 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: Yes, if I am clear though, have you made any – seen any reason to change your view on the 
market? You said that the subscriber trend was surprisingly strong are you surprised with the take-off rate in Asia as 
well as some of the African countries during the quarter? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No longer I think after the two good quarters we have last year and Africa this quarter is what we 
expected there from Africa and also in Asia as I just said we just have been doing the same thing as we have been doing 
in Africa, so we expect a similar result, and again we have great teams on the ground there who consistently implement 
Millicom's AAA strategy and that leads to these great results. 

<Q - Bengt Mölleryd>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Peter Brennan of Window Investment. Please go ahead, Peter. Peter Brennan you may 
go ahead and ask your question. 

<Q>: Hi good morning gentlemen. My question is you have already briefly touched on the Panama mobile license, 
how aggressive will you be pursuing the license as we understood the license, as we understood there are currently 
three competitors? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes, you know we for any new opportunities we will look at our business plan and we will make 
adjustments based on what returns we can make in that market and if we think that we make great returns then we will 
push very hard. If we think that the returns are not at the level where we want them to be then we might be less 
aggressive but we'll let you know in the month of May where we stand on Panama. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from Milanna Bonier of Dougall Capital Sloval . Please go ahead, Milanna. 

<Q>: Hello I want to ask a question regarding the African market. You write that the EBITDA margins are expected to 
rise gradually over the medium term to the Millicom average target in the mid-40s. What ARPUs and SACs are based 
on these expectations, and when do you believe this to take place? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes, we continue – we want to continue increasing margins in Africa by not only increasing the 
volumes by a very strong subscriber intake also by lowering the cost, in fact it's one part of the cost, but Africa has 
historically always been a region with relatively low subscriber acquisition cost. Latin America is a region with a much 
higher subscriber acquisition cost so the subscriber acquisition costs in Africa are substantially lower than the $25 I 
mentioned earlier today which means that we still get fantastic payback in Africa with the lower ARPUs we generate 
there per subscriber. 

We want to continue pushing that approach but we also want to create cost savings on the network side because some 
countries like, say, Congo, that network is still relatively small. So we have pretty high CapEx per subscriber at this 
point in time and by increasing the volume and increasing the size of the business we will be able to bring the cost 
down going forward. And that will be one of the ways to increase our EBITDA margin gradually in Africa. But there 
are other countries where we see opportunities to increase EBITDA margins so we expect to be at the mid-40 levels as 
far as EBITDA margins are concerned in Africa. 

<Q>: Could you stay how low the SACs are expected to be? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Sorry? How low the SACs...? 

<Q>: Yeah. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I don't have the number for Africa but I know it's substantially lower than what it is the $25. 

<Q>: Okay. The expected ARPU given that it's been falling during the last three quarters? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: As I said before if you want to do business in emerging markets you have to live with lower 
ARPUs. If you can't live with that you shouldn't go... 

<Q>: Yes I realize that, I was just wondering if you had an estimate of the levels? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: But the levels we know you can't set the level of ARPU. ARPU is an output, it's not an input, 
okay? So we don't set the ARPU levels. It's the customer who does. The only thing we can do is that we provide 


affordable services to customers, potential customers that are not using the service today, by having affordable service 
now they become a customer and they generate ARPU. We know that in places like Sri Lanka if you go to Asia, we are 
making a lot of money in the business that has ARPUs below $5. So we are a company that has learned over the years 
to live with lower ARPUs and make money at the same time. So the low ARPUs are not an issue for us, I love every 
customer that comes in with a $5 ARPU. I love them. So...because I know that they will allow us to build an even more 
successful business. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Mark Horrechs of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, Mark. 

<Q>: Our question has actually been covered. Thank you. 

Operator 

In that case, we will next go to Adrian Dawes of J.M. Hartwell. Please go ahead, Adrian. 

<Q - William Miller>: Congratulations, great quarter. . It's actually Bill Miller but anyway congratulations. Mark, two 
questions basically. One, how sustainable do you think this kind of growth is? You did a lot of things to really pressure 
tune this first quarter. Can you visualize being able to improve on the subscriber growth, etc. etc. not talking about 
margins, you've already gone with that, but just the level of growth that you have, do you think that's sustainable? Is 
there something that's going on that was repeatable in the second, third and fourth quarters? And the second question is, 
if you are trying to as you look out of your markets, and I am sure it varies by region. How would you suggest that we 
in the investment community correlate your potential for growth with the various regions that you have, where macro 
factors or something, series of micro factors? If you could just give a little heads up on all that, appreciate it. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you Bill. I think this current subscriber intake is sustainable. We've now seen three months 
now of I think similar subscriber intake that has less than 2.8 million subscribers for the quarter and yeah we still have 
a long way to go in some of our markets. So we might be able as we've always done in the history of Millicom be able 
to outperform that number in Q4 as we did last year also, but let's wait until we get there, but I think that this number is 
a sustainable number. 

In terms of potential for growth from a macro point of view, a number of our countries especially in Africa and in Asia 
are countries that are just opening up. Their economies are just being built and are driven to a certain extent by very 
strong commodity prices. A number of them have huge mines of minerals and you just name them I'm sure that you 
will find them in one of our countries of one of the countries we operate and that creates wealth in the country that has 
never ever been there before. And that creates a very good base for us to build a successful telephone company. So we 
create wealth by providing communication services but I am sure that the much improved economies in most of the 
markets there we are also create growth for us as a mobile telephone company. 

In terms of the micro environment, I think we found a better way to operate in emerging markets. I think we are better 
operators with our AAA business model which is really earmarked to the market segments where the growth is 
happening today in Latin America, in Africa and Asia the AAA model focusing on all the affordability is really what 
makes things work in all of those markets. And again, given that 70% of our potential is still in Africa and Asia, again 
we still have a long way to go there. I have the feeling as I just said on the call that things are just starting in Africa and 
Asia the same way as things started going a lot in Latin America in the year – what, 2004, 2005. 

So that's the feeling I have. And you can see that from the subscriber numbers over the last couple of quarters 
combined with the very strong revenue numbers. 


<Q - William Miller>: Well thank you very much. So basically if we are looking on a macro basis we should look at 
the GDP in the various countries you operate in, and maybe even look at GDP per capita to see how that's progressing, 
to give a better gauge on a macro basis and on a micro basis the AAA model trumps the macro every time, is that 
correct? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yeah. 

<Q - William Miller>: Sounds good to me. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Okay, thanks, Bill. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] You have a question now from Alex Vislykh from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Alex. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Yes, thanks. You're saying you have run out of capacity in Congo. I was just wondering 
how soon do you expect you could resolve these capacity issues and especially given that the network roll out in DRC 
can be particularly challenging. Is that a question of several months and do you think you might not be able to add new 
subscribers in Q2? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: The subscribers I think the capacity issue was anyway a February issue. I think it was the end of 
March I think things started coming back. The picture of Congo is a very positive one in the sense that during that 
period of time we have seen good revenue growth, growth in the ARPUs of our customers in Congo. And what does 
that mean is that means that yeah, you probably churn out the discount buyers as I call them. But what you keep are the 
people who are looking for a good service, a good network with good coverage and also with affordable services. And I 
think that's where we have made great progress in Congo over the last two quarters. We are adding capacity as we are 
speaking and will continue to do so. But as you know that is difficult, that's challenging at times and we also will be 
opening up a couple of more cities in the quarter this quarter, which will allow us to continue growing in that country. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: And so basically for Q2 you think you're not going to be restricted in terms of your 
subscriber growth from a capacity point of view? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well, we don't expect to be constrained from subscribers. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: Okay, thanks. And also my second question. Would it be possible to give a revenue figure 
for Colombia? You use to disclose that in the past just for consistency. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, the reason why we disclosed Colombia at the time was to allow you to compare apples with 
apples. Now this quarter Q1 in '07 we have Colombia in there. So, now Colombia goes in line with all the others; that 
means that we only release revenue and other numbers on a regional basis. 

<Q - Alexander Vislykh>: All right. Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Marcus Baeumer of UBS. Please go ahead Marcus. 

<Q - Marcus Baeumer>: I've got a quick question please on the deferred tax assets. I realize that it's increased by 
about 18 million in the quarter and I wonder what the background to that is and if at all it has impacted the tax rates. 

<A - David Sach>: Yeah, the increase in deferred tax asset is Colombia. So, as you know in Q4 last year we booked a 
significant tax asset because now that we have had that business for almost a year and a half now, we do believe that 
it's going to be a successful business and generate profits and therefore under the accounting rules you could stop 
booking deferred tax assets when you're reasonably sure that there'll be profits from that business. So that's what's 
driving that deferred tax assets. 


<Q - Marcus Baeumer>: So you did book a deferred tax asset in the first quarter as well? 

<A - David Sach>: Yes, and then what happens is the losses in Colombia don't have any expiration date. So we're sure 
that the current losses will eventually – we'll be able to recognize the tax benefit on that. So that's in Colombia, as we 
are generating losses we are booking deferred tax assets against those losses, which is probably the reason why there 
was such a significant impact on the overall tax rate as well. 

<Q - Marcus Baeumer>: So the 18 million is about accurate as what you booked as deferred taxes, as deferred tax 
assets is that correct? So the normal tax rate would have been like 30% if you wouldn't have done that, is that correct? 

<A - David Sach>: No, within Q4 there was a one-off catch up of the deferred tax assets and we spoke about that on 
the year-end call. In this quarter, all we've done is booked a tax asset relating to the current quarter losses. So that's why 
our overall tax rate at 22% is much closer to the weighted average statutory rate that I discussed that's in last year's 
annual report of 23%. So we should be much closer now to that 23% because the Colombian losses aren't negatively 
impacting our overall tax rate because we're booking deferred tax assets against them. Hopefully that's very clear? 

<Q - Marcus Baeumer>: Excellent. Thanks a lot. 

<A - David Sach>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Anders Wennberg of RAM. Please go ahead, Anders. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Just a follow-up question. You talked about the cash upstream being 90 million in the 
quarter, can you mention a little bit how much cash downstream, there ought to be areas of negative cash flow for 
countries like Colombia and Congo? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well, we don't have a number for you there, but Colombia doesn't get any cash I think, there we 
can raise the financing and the company – Congo clearly there's cash going in there, but at the same time a lot of the 
investments are financed through, was it the Chinese Development Bank, I think 

<A - David Sach>: Yeah, the downstreaming is mainly tax accrued as you would imagine. So, it is the place is like 
Sierre Leone, Senegal, and the downstreaming is significantly less than the 90 million. So, in the quarter it's 10 to 15 
million. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay. And then the debt in Colombia that is guaranteed by you and the [inaudible] in 
cooperation, or mainly by you, how does that work? 

<A - David Sach>: There is existing debt in Colombia. When we took over that business it was guaranteed by the 
partners and that deal is that we will – any new debt that goes in that will be guaranteed by us until we reach parity. So, 
until there is equality which is the only fair thing to do, we will guarantee any new debt going in there. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - David Sach>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Adrian Dawes of JM Hartwell. Please go ahead, Adrian. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Just a quick question. There has been some turmoil in the debt markets around the world. Do 
you still think there is a capacity in the countries you're operate in? Obviously not Africa to raise money in some of the 
Latin America and Central America countries, so you can put the debt at that level or are those markets constrained in 
the way some of the other markets around the world are? That's one. Two, the Annual General Meeting is in the middle 


of May and I'm wondering if the plan is still to pay a dividend out and if so what the timing of that is? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Can you answer that David? 

<A - David Sach>: Sure. When we look at our market, we raise debt in local markets with relationship banks. 
Obviously they still need to borrow depending upon the overall level, because the way they set their debt constraints is 
by market and by industry so they'll obviously only lend so much in this particular country, to a particular industry, and 
we have found that those market are not tapped out. I think people's perception of companies in emerging markets has 
changed dramatically and that obviously helps us. 

And the other thing too that helps us is there's a whole bunch of sovereign institutions set up specifically to provide 
liquidity in the emerging markets like Praparco and so on. That's a source of liquidity that just doesn't exist in – for 
developed country companies. So that obviously help us as well. So I'm fairly confident we'll be able to borrow what 
we need within our local markets, those sources have definitely not dried up. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yeah, the AGM is at the end of May, May 27th sorry, the Board has proposed a dividend of $2.4 a 
share and that will be put up for voting. Payment will be I think early June. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Thanks again, great quarter. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you Bill. 

Operator 

Okay Mr. Beuls. There are no further questions at this time. Are there any other points that you wish to raise? 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

No. I would like to thank everybody for being on the call today and have a great day. Goodbye. 

Operator 

This concludes our call. Thank you for attending. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


