Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David Sach, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Adrian Dawes 
• Lena Austenberg 
• Andreas Ekstrom 
• Peter Nielsen 
• Anders Wennberg 
• Banc Moyet 
• Kevin Roe 
• Bill Miller 
• Nick Gershel 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Millicom's Third Quarter 2006 Results Conference Call. For your 
information, this conference is being recorded. May I also remind you that this call is being audio streamed over the 
web and is accessible at www.millicom.com, together with the presentation summarizing the key features of the results, 
I would now like to hand you over to the host of today's conference, Mr. Marc Beuls, President and CEO, and Mr. 
David Sach, CFO. Please go ahead. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you operator and welcome to everyone who has joined us today. For this call, both David and I will be using 
slides to run you through the results. It will be helpful to have those slides in front of you, and you can find them on our 
website at www.millicom.com. We will both be happy to answer any questions you might have at the end. But first I 
would like to give you an overview of the results and run you through the performance of each cluster. 

Let me start there was also a review by saying that the third quarter of 2006 was a truly run record setting one. Neither 
before have we added more subscribers in one quarter getting us today, including annuity acquisition – acquired 
business in Colombia over 15 million subscribers. Eight of our operations have more than one million subscribers on 
the network today and two of those are about to reach to 2 million-subscriber mark. 

We also produced the highest ever quarterly revenue EBITDA and net profits from ongoing operations June to third 
quarter. The Latin American operations were the biggest contributors to the record results, but I am sure that you will 
have noticed the accelerated revenue growth in Africa, this quarter. And as you know we are planning an analyst and 
investor trip to Ghana from the 19th to the 21st of November to showcase the success of TIGO in Africa. It's not too 
late to signup for this trip if you haven't already done so. Please visit our homepage for details of how to register. 


We are very excited about the acquisition of the controlling stake in Colombian Movil, which give us an opportunity to 
implement our triple "A" business model in one more Latin American market. We will share some more based on this 
business in a few minutes. 

But first onto the slides and I ask you to turn to slide number two, which summarizes the results for the third quarter. 
You will have seen in our press release that we are no longer reporting pro forma numbers as we have taken the 
decision to show Vietnam as a discontinued operation, given the delays occurring in the privatization process there. A 
new government is in place in Vietnam and our communication with them have been positive. We still consider we 
have the right of first refusal in a cooperation with CMS but we have still not received clear guidance about the terms 
and conditions of operating in Vietnam in a privatized market. 

The other pro forma I have understand we will do it in Pakcom are not smaller and do not make a significant difference 
to the reported numbers, which we will refer to during this call. You will see that Millicom has again delivered 
exceptional growth. Total subscribers were up 62%. Revenues were up by 54%, and EBITDA up by 58%. 

Little more encouraging, Millicom has increased its CapEx for the quarter to 188 million from 89 million in Q3 last 
year bringing the total CapEx for the year-to-date to 429 million. We are likely to exceed total CapEx for the year of 
700 million, as we invest in our new Columbian business and build out our new networks in the Democratic Republic 
of Congo and Pakistan. 

We believe that these and our other investments in our networks and distribution in Africa and South Asia will help 
drive growth levels similar to those we have seen and continue to see in Latin America that we have come about since 
the launch of TIGO and the implementation of our customer focused business model based on the provision of 
affordable, acceptable and available services. This clear that this TIGO model has been the corner stone of our 
successful Latin America and we look forward to seeing the results when we complete our rollout of the TIGO brand in 
Africa and Asia next year. 

As seen in slide number three, Millicom added almost 1.9 million total subscribers into third quarter bringing the total 
to 12.8 million at the end of September, representing a 62% increase over the third quarter of 2005. I delighted to report 
that today our subscribers totaled 15 million including the subscribers we have in Columbia. The subscriber growth 
indicates that Millicom businesses are now well into the accelerated J-curve of emerging market growth. 

In Q3, subscribers in Central America grew by 84% year-on-year, and the South America by 71%. Africa reported 
year-on-year subscriber growth of – at 90% in the Q3, which gives us confidence that we will be able to capitalize on 
the growth potential in Africa in the same that we have across Latin America. However in Africa the population of the 
license is far larger and so the long-term potential is even greater. Attributable sale over subscribers increased by 60% 
from the third quarter of 2005 to just under 11 million at the end of September. 

Slide four shows that as you would expect our strong subscriber growth has fueled the revenues and for Q3 we have 
recorded our highest ever-quarterly revenue of $403 million, an increase of 54% from the third quarter of 2005. In 
Central America, where penetration is higher and networks are more developed revenue growth at 72% in Q3 is 
extremely strong. The highest quarterly year-on-year growth was recorded in Guatemala with revenue up by 92%. 
Revenue growth was 70% in South America and 59% in Africa. 

Referring to slide number five, EBITDA for the three months ended September 30th, 2006 was a $179 million, a 58% 
increase from the third quarter of 2005. Millicom's EBITDA margin was 44% up 1% percentage point from last quarter 
despite the lower margin in Africa due to the network build out and TIGO launch cost across the region and the 
negative impact of South Asia as Paktel invest in its new GSM business, both of which were more than offset by 
increases in Central and South America and the Southeast Asia. 

Let's now look at the results of each cluster, starting with Central America, which remains our largest cluster in terms 
of revenue and EBITDA, so I would like to ask you to turn to slide number six, in slide number six you can see that the 
total subscribers reaches 4.2 million, up 84%. Well, 600,000 new subscribers were added in the quarter, the highest 
additions recorded by any cluster demonstrating the clear demand for affordable telephony as TIGO's rollout further 
into previously unpenetrated rural areas. 


Quarterly year-on-year revenue growth for Central America was 72% to $207 million for the third quarter of 2006. 
EBITDA for Central America increased by 77% to $111 million for the third quarter of 2006. And EBITDA margin 
was 53%. The effects of the continuing TIGO rollout and launched of additional value added services can also be seen 
in the South American cluster. 

Please turn to slide number seven, where we see that the subscribers grew by 71% to reach almost 2 million at the end 
of September in South America. Revenue for Q3 grew by 70% to $62 million relative to Q3, 2005, and Paraguay and 
Bolivia produced revenue increases of 86% and 44%, respectively over the same period. 

EBITDA increased by 102% on a quarterly year-on-year basis to $28 million, and EBITDA margin was 46%. TIGO in 
Paraguay is Millicom champion for value added services. Paraguay represented a 25% of the company's recurring 
revenue. In our tradition of copying best practices across Millicom we expect that the value added services to become a 
large revenue contributor in all the markets starting 2007. 

In order to allow all of you to get a better idea of the size of our newly acquired business in Columbia, I will share with 
you some numbers for the year through September 30th 2006. Under our strict definition of subscribers, whereby we no 
longer consider subscriber to be active if he or she doesn't generate traffic in 60 days, we have just under 1.9 million 
subscribers. We estimate that the year-to-date revenues were approximately $230 million using our accounting 
principles. And here the revenues are generating a single digit EBITDA margin today. The year-to-date profitability of 
the business is slightly better than anticipated when the due-diligence was performed ahead of the acquisition of our 
controlling stake and this is expected to be a good basis for future growth. The consolidated of Columbia Movil will 
result in a temporary reduction of Millicom's consolidated EBITDA margin until such time that the business operates at 
the average Millicom EBITDA margin. We have taken management control of the business and have started preparing 
for the launch of TIGO and our triple "A" business model in the first quarter of 2007. 

Turning to slide number eight. You will see that in our Africa cluster, total subscribers increased by 90%, the highest 
recorded year on year growth in the group to 3.2 million at the end of the third quarter of 2006. The subscriber growth 
contributed to a year on year increase in quarterly revenue of 59% to $80 million. And despite the heavy start up costs 
of building out in new and extended networks in Africa, a 42% increase in EBITDA to 31 million representing the 
EBITDA margin of 39%. 

Slide nine shows that subscribers in South Asia increased by 17% from Q3 2005 to 2.3 million at the end of Q3 2006. 
Revenue was $24 million for the third quarter, down 21% from Q3 2005, due to the sale of Pakcom in June 2006 and 
the network interference issues, which affected Paktel's revenue in the first half of this year. South Asia reported a loss 
before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization of 2.1 million due to the high cost associated with improving the 
inferior network in Pakistan. Pakistan is a very competitive market, but we have previously resolved the network – 
provisionally resolved with the network interference issues that affected Paktel and our plan for Paktel is to continue to 
increase the quality of the network and focus on revenue generating subscribers. Our target is for Paktel to re-launch 
the business in the first quarter of 2007 on the back of substantially improved network. The Sri Lankan operation 
continues to perform well and despite some of the lowest ARPUs in the group producing EBITDA margin of 50% for 
the third quarter, demonstrating that our low cost operating model had a success even when confronted with declining 
ARPUs. We are also investing heavily and extending the network in Sri Lanka and expect to see the first results in this 
– of this investment in Q4 of this year. 

Turning to slide number 10. You will see that the subscribers for Cambodia and Laos increased by 37% from the third 
quarter of 2005 to 1.1 million at the end of September 2006. Revenue for Southeast Asia was $28 million for the third 
quarter, up 27% from Q3 2005 and EBITDA was over $10 million at 24%. 

Now, I would like to hand over to David to talk you through the financials. David, go ahead. 

David Sach, Chief Financial Officer 


Thank you, Marc. Please turn to slide 11, where you will see the key financial ratios for the third quarter compared to 
the same period last year. Overall, the EBITDA margin has improved slightly from last quarter to 44% from 43%. This 
is mainly due to the additional economies of scale that we achieve by growing our businesses, coupled with the change 
in the mix of our revenues. The economies of scale are seen both in the improved gross margin and the improved G&A 
cost percentage. 

Growing our businesses has helped our gross margin because a greater percentage of our revenues now come from 
costs within our networks. These are highly profitable costs because there are no costs for us to connect with other 
mobile or fixed networks. In addition, we are beginning to see the benefits of expanding our value-added services, 
which are helping to drive revenues higher. Offsetting the improved gross margin and G&A cost percentage is a 
slightly higher sales and marketing cost, as a percentage of revenues. This is due to higher cost in South Asia and 
Africa to promote the recently launch or upcoming launches of the TIGO brands in these operations. 

On slide 12. You can see that we have been able to maintain our EBITDA margins, as we grow our businesses. The 
economies of scale explained on the previous slide have enabled us to more than offset the highest sales and marketing 
costs, as a percentage of revenues, which have been needed to promote the new TIGO launches and drive the revenue 
growth. 

Please turn to slide 13. In 2005, the average level of CapEx was 88 million per quarter. In the first quarter of 2006, 
CapEx spend was 95 million. In the second quarter it rose to 146 million and for the third quarter it rose further to 188 
million as we continue to increase the level of investment in that businesses to drive into growth. This brings the total 
for the year-to-date to 429 million, representing an average level of CapEx of 143 million per quarter in 2006. CapEx 
spend in the fourth quarter will be even higher as we invest in our new Columbian business and continue to invest even 
more heavily to support the new launches for our Congo and Pakistan businesses. 

For the full year, we expect CapEx to be over 700 million. With the addition of that Columbian business absolute 
CapEx spent is likely to be even higher in 2007, but will decrease as a percentage of sales. 

Turning to the bottom half of the profit and loss, whereby I think it is most helpful to present the year-to-date results. 
On slide 14; you will see several items impacting the comparability of the results. Please note that the 2005 figures 
have been amended to exclude the result of that – lease [ph] business, which has been shown as a discontinued 
operation. 

Firstly, corporate costs have increased by 16 million, as explained at the half year corporate costs have been impacted 
by the one off expenses of conducting a strategic review totaling over 5 million and changes to the incentive plans 
resulting in higher stock compensation cost of $7 million. Secondly, depreciation is higher because of the accelerated 
depreciation of the older technology networks and the increased CapEx spending this year. Thirdly, write downs have 
been reduced significantly because 2005 included many one-off items that have not been repeated. These were the 
break downs have been explained in previous calls. 

On slide 15, is the quarterly break down of depreciation. You can see that depreciation started to increase at the 
beginning of 2005 when we began to accelerate the depreciation of our older technology networks. Depreciation has 
risen in 2006 due to the higher level of CapEx compared to 2005, plus we have decided to increase the acceleration of 
the depreciation of the older technology networks in the third quarter this year since the rate of conversion to our newer 
GSM networks has been faster than originally anticipated. Most of the non-GSM networks will be fully depreciated by 
the end of the first half of 2007. 

On slide 16, it provides an analysis of other income and cost. The largest movements in this category have been the 
valuation movements surrounding the Tele2 shares, helped by Millicom and the related 5% exchangeable notes. On 
August 7th, 2006 we settled the exchangeable notes by transferring the Tele2 shares to the note holders. I have isolated 
the net impact of these valuation movements for you, since there will be no future movements. 

Slide 17, shows that the blended tax rate for the operating companies remains the same as the first half rate at 27%, 
which is lower than the nine month rate for last year of 37%, due to a change in the mix of that profits to lower rate 
countries. More importantly though, our overall group tax rate has fallen even slightly more to 39% for the nine months 


versus 41% for the half year and compares to a rate of a 132% for last year. This is obviously due to the higher 
percentage of profits before-tax generated by the operating companies compared to total profits before tax, but also 
reflects the actions we are taking to better manage our tax position. 

As mentioned on previous calls, we are taking steps to increase the management and brand fees that the companies pay 
to corporate, especially now that TIGO has been rolled out in many more countries. This creates additional tax 
deductions in the operating companies, but does not create taxable income of corporate because of the corporate costs. 
As such, our overall effective tax rate is lowered. As you can see, the net non-deductible costs in corporate are falling 
as a result of these tax claiming actions. As our operating companies become even more profitable, we will be able to 
transfer even more income to corporate, but are unlikely to fully offset the corporate costs until 2008, when the 10% 
bonds can be refinanced with local company debt. Afterwards, all other things being equal, we might be able to get the 
overall group tax rate below 30%, depending on the geographical mix of profits. 

Slide 18, shows that our strong operating cash flows of financing the bulk of our increasing level of investments. 
Investments for the nine months were $485 million, which was roughly double the level of investments for the 
comparable nine months last year. We ended the period with a very strong cash position of $567 million and a 
relatively low net debt position of $463 million, which was lower than the comparable position at the end of the first 
half, despite the higher level of investment in the third quarter. The strong operating cash flows and relatively low net 
debt position enabled us to continue investing in the businesses going forward. 

Slide 19 show the two main areas of investment in the nine months to September, were CapEx of 429 million and 
acquisitions of 62 million. The acquisitions are mainly attributable to the buy-outs of minority stakes in Senegal, 
Tanzania and Sierra Leone earlier this year and Paraguay in the third quarter. 

License payments increased due to the acquisition of additional spectrum in Guatemala. 

Thank you. Now I would hand you back to Marc. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, David. Let me conclude by saying that the third quarter had delivered exceptional growth with revenues up 
by 54% to $403 million and EBITDA by 58% to $179 million driven by the addition of almost 1.9 million new 
subscribers who were attracted by our affordable, accessible and available services, embodied in the TIGO brand. I am 
delighted to report that today Millicom has a subscriber base of 15 million people, including the subscribers of our 
operations in Columbia, which is being consolidated into our numbers from the 2nd of October onwards. 

We have a number of major challenges ahead of us, such as the relaunch of Pakistan, the launch of TIGO in DRC 
Congo and the implementation of our AAA operating model in Columbia. These three businesses combined can 
transform Millicom. The growth we've seen so far this year is the result of targeted CapEx in 2005, and our future 
growth will be fueled by increased CapEx next quarter, which will bring to the total for the year to more than $700 
million. 

This concludes my comments and we will now be happy to take your questions. Operator may I have the first question 
please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And we take our first question from Adrian Dawes from J.M. Hartwell. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Marc, fabulous quarter at the start of this year. Just trying to catch up, the amount of CapEx... 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Well, you are breaking up. Could repeat again. 


<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Yes. Sorry about the breakup. I am curious about the increased level of CapEx. In the last 
conference call you indicated that you still expect it was higher level CapEx, which was not of the size than it is now 
obviously. And certainly you are expecting to have lower CapEx for next year. What do you still expect to be able to 
get a payback in two years and whether that is still a valid number for us, and secondly what kind of market penetration 
do you think you can get in a country like the Congo for instance? 

<A>: In terms of payback for existing businesses, yes, we do believe that we can stick to the two-year payback. Of 
course, for completely new startups, like Congo for instance, and I think you could put Pakistan in that category also 
because it's almost like a complete re-launch of the business, that payback will be somewhat longer. But for 
investments in existing businesses in Africa, in Asia and in Latin America we can do stick to the existing two-year pay 
back period. What was your second question again Joe [ph]? 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Second question was concerning the eventual market penetration in the Congo and if you could 
also give us a little more color on Columbia, like how fast the market is growing, what penetration you have, how fast 
you are growing versus the rest of the folks down there, it would really be helpful I think? 

<A>: Good. In terms of BRC, today the mobile penetration is round about 5%, so it's still fairly low. And if the country 
does, I think, it still needs to get that good economy --economic situation in a better shape. We think that that will 
happen and that will drive subscriber growth. I think in our long-term plan we are looking at a mobile penetration like 
in the region of somewhere between 40 to 50% in countries like BRC, but that will of course take quite a number of 
years. We are now focusing on building that network and that will allow us to launch a service hopefully still this year. 
Depends a little bit on the political situation, if not this year, hopefully early next year so that we can thus stop getting 
market share and also at the same time drive mobile penetration – the overall mobile penetration. In Columbia, of 
course, you complete a better picture as the country excluding Mauritius that has the highest mobile penetration and 
Millicom today over 50%. There is also a country, which of course has a much higher GDP per capita than any of other 
Latin American markets. And I must say when I visited the country a month ago I was really impressed with the way 
things have been organized, the pistachio, also the signs of your money and wealth you see in a country so we are very 
optimistic about that country. It has three operators, three mobile operators number one, quite a bit and this ComCel 
owned by American Movil. I think about a 60% market today, so there is a really giant there; followed by number two 
Telefonica with the market share of round about 30% and then we come with the market share of round about 30%, if 
you of course believe to subscribers numbers that are published in the market. So we would expect that we can grow 
that market share substantially. Once we will start implementing our triple A business model and once we will launch 
TIGO brand, which is now plan for the first quarter of next year. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: That share was 10%. You've just repeat, David. 

<A>: Okay. Sorry 10% 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: How fast you think that the markets going on? 

<A>: I think the market is going very rapidly at this point in time, as I said Columbia is the company that got this 
things in order and the desecrating activity, economic activity and that of course is generating the market. I think you 
guys need to give us a little bit of time. We just move our management into operations, so we need to get that operation 
into the Millicom mode, so that we could start implementing the Millicom model, so don't expect to see immediate 
results in the first quarter, we need to get that launch of this TIGO brand, which will only happen in the first quarter 
next year. 

<Q - Adrian Dawes>: Thanks so much and congratulations. Wonderful. 

<A>: Thank you, Bill. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Lena Austenberg from Infineon. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Lena Austenberg>: Yes. Hi and also congratulations, fantastic numbers. 

<A>: Thank you. 

<Q - Lena Austenberg>: I was going to ask you on the Pakistan. You finally even before of launching there, you are 
showing very good growth and do you think that you will be able to get on par in that tradition with where your 
competitors are shortly? 

<A>: We're not yet. We saw the long way 

<Q - Lena Austenberg>: ... half way. 

<A>: I don't know. What we have seen is increase subscribers intake, that's correct but the subscribers that come with 
very low ARPUs and the ARPUs are very low because not so much, the low usage I think Pakistan as amongst, you 
know the highest minutes of usage within Millicom but as is because of the long tariffs and also because of another 
reductions, schedule reduction of interconnectors that happens in the third quarter. So we need to further build our 
network in that country, and specially the south that's were we got our frequency issues resolved into last – so we still 
need to build more network in Karachi in order to be able to start fully competing with the other operators in the 
market, who of course are not setting still and that are also moving forward very, very rapidly. So we still have lot of 
work to done and at low phase sometime to be able to catch up with the others. 

<Q - Lena Austenberg>: Can I also ask you, previous quarter you came with guidance for the full year which was an 
EBITDA gross pro forma of 50% plus, and EBITDA grow slightly than that. So far for these nine-months you have 
actually grown EBITDA more rapidly than revenues and you managed to offset the launch cost and [ph] the network 
cost in Congo and Pakistan very well. So, should we still expect that margins will dip in Q4 or from of your comments 
previously it seems you are actually expecting to keep margins rather stable despite the launches. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: The margin as I suggested on the call will come under pressure because of the consolidation of the 
Columbian business. 

<Q - Lena Austenberg>: But including that. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: And today it's operating at a single-digit EBITDA margin and so it will take us a while in order to 
get that business to the Millicom average EBITDA margin. So that will have the impact on the margin in the quarters to 
come. As far as the percentages, I think if you just add up the numbers, for the past three quarters you can see that we 
are well on track to reach our 50% growth. So, we will see what the fourth quarter is coming with. Fourth quarter, last 
year was a very strong quarter in Latin America and also some other markets. So lets hope to that it's going to be the 
case again. 

<Q - Lena Austenberg>: But if you exclude the effect of Columbia and just look at the ongoing underlying business 
and the launches in Congo and Pakistan, do you expect that the margin would still follow? Do you think that you can 
still offset that does launch cost with increasing scale? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We have I think – we master the art of launching TIGO in the number of countries without having 
a launch [ph] upfront costs. In the way it cost in Pakistan, the relaunch of Pakistan will be next year and this was not 
going to be this year. Congo, we don't know whether its going to be this year or next year, anyway I think the impact of 
Congo isn't what [ph] to be this year its going to be fairly small given that it will happens, it will happen very late in the 
quarter. 

<Q - Lena Austenberg>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question is coming from Andreas Ekstrom from Handelsbanken. Please go head. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Thank you. Just coming back to Columbia for a second and maybe the easiest question for 
us, what did you say Marc, how many subscribers do you had in Columbia I mean [ph] was something 1.9, but... 

<A - Marc Beuls>: That's correct, Andreas. It's a 1.9 according to our 60-day definition. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: And that's what you are going to consolidate from... 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Its the 15 million subscribers I mentioned they include 1.9 million subscribers from Columbia and 
then you can figure out how many new subscribers as of the quarter end. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: I can do that math. On the Movil side on Columbia, you said that you have single-digit 
EBITDA margins now. And when you announced the acquisition you said that you are aiming for EBITDA breakeven 
during year, the later part of next year. Is that now history, should we expect that Columbia could even be EBITDA 
positive for the full year? Or do you think that you would incur new cost of the sale by coming in and it's not your 
management team etcetera? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: There will certain costs that are associated with the launch of TIGO early next year and of course 
when you enter into a new business there are always a cost associated with sizing the business on to the Millicom 
mobile. And we don't have an indication as to how much is cost going to be at this point in time. So, but it's good to see 
that instead of being – what we thought that the margin was going to be slightly negative, we see that is now slightly 
positive. So that's a very encouraging start for the business. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: But positive EBITDA margin for the full year is not unrealistic to assume? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: For next year, it depends on what the cost is going to be, but I think it's a realistic assumptions to 
make that that margin is going to be positive next year again. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Okay. Very good. Final question on the ARPU level, we saw a slight decline in Central 
America, I think it was down 3%; it has been slightly up in the previous quarter this year. Do you see any change in 
that market going forward, or should we expect ARPU decline or do you see that you can keep it at this level? 

<A>: Now the issue we have in Central America was an issue, it's was a good issue to hack and then now El Salvador 
where as switch got completely congested, and so we have to pay – we have to give away a number of three minutes, I 
think a total of $1.2 million to our clients. I mean, El Salvador is a country that has very good customer protection law 
and legislations. So we made a suggestion to the markets by giving them the three minutes in order to compensate for 
the congested network – thus our network is no longer congested. The new switch was brought in and things are going 
again very well there. And that's why all the pressure on the ARPUs in Central America, so merely coming out of El 
Salvador. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Okay. So it's a... 

<A>: It is a separate issue. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: More of a one-quarter issue, they haven't seen any drastic changes in the price line from 
your cell phone or the competitor? 

<A>: Not really. Not really. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Okay. Very good. Thanks a lot. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming Peter Nielson from Cheuvreux. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Peter Nielsen>: Thank you. Peter Nielson from Cheuvreux. Just two questions firstly as you mentioned the 
momentum in customer intake is actually accelerating at this stage. Could you perhaps us how you see that developing 
going forward, will it continue to sit away or would you expect a slowdown at some point already next year. And 
second question relates to Columbia, if you had consolidated Columbia, you have been consolidated – Columbia had 
been consolidated from after balance sheet date here Q3 and what would your net debt has been at that sounds? Thank 
you. 

<A>: So, in terms of the subscriber, as you know, we don't give guidance for subscriber, not for any other financials, 
but you have noticed that as I said on the call that the increased revenue growth, we show that subscriber intake we are 
showing this year is the result of increased investments, we stop making in 2005. Given that the CapEx number in 
2006, it's is going to be – for the total it's going to substantially higher that for 2007 and you can put 101 together and 
comes to conclusion that whether number of major markets like Congo, Pakistan and some others also that are not 
really as up to grow cruising speed. You can come to a conclusion that we will be looking at solid subscriber growth 
next year. So, David maybe you want to answer the second question on Columbia. 

<A - David Sach>: Yes, the Columbia transaction close obviously on October 2nd, as mentioned in the press release so 
that obviously, we don't consolidate anything until the fourth quarter. We obviously will consolidate net debt figure, I 
don't have that figure in front of me, but it was I think an excessive 300 million at cash, but that will – you will see 
those numbers in the yearend reporting. 

<Q - Peter Nielsen>: I appreciate that David obviously, but my question is, is it fair to say that the acquisition would in 

– will effect at the current date today, as broadly double your net debt? 
<A>: Yes, a little less than doubling the net debt, yes. 

<Q - Peter Nielsen>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A>: You are welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Anders Wennberg from RAM. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: You've talked about accelerating the possession of old analogue networks and that's first the 
possession line in this quarter and that is continuing up to mid next year, is that correct? And how much lower will the 
depreciation from this oldness was the, once the kind of finish deprecating? Just could you just quantify how big the 
effect of this? 

<A>: Okay. I don't know number maybe David has one, but let me maybe give some color as to why we accelerating 
the depreciation of this networks. We see especially in Latin America, where we move clients from the TDMA 
networks over to the GSM networks that we get better ARPUs. So, from a payback point of view for us its better to 
move those customers as early as possible to the GSM network and especially that places like Guatemala and now also 
very recently in El Salvador we have been able to secure additional spectrum, which allows us to push this migration 
much harder. But I don't know whether you have the number? 

<A>: Yes. We have been asked on previous calls and we have accelerated depreciation but it comes often in various 
stages. So some of the networks where we are going to customize failures and others and that process will happen in 
early 2007 through the end of 2007 with most of them being turned off or migrating to the GSM networks in the first 
half of 2007. So, it's tough to give you an exact number of how much accelerated depreciation is, but it's in the 10s of 
millions. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: So, right now the profit is hurt but kind of second half next year and into '08, you will get a 
benefit from this kind of on the depreciation line? 


<A>: Yeah. You should see depreciation going down. All other things being equal, you would see depreciation fall, 
okay, throughout 2007 quarter-on-quarter its obviously all these networks migrate from older technologies to GSM. 
You may not see that because of obviously the increase CapEx that we have seen in 2005, 2006 and continuing into 
2007. Depreciation will go up, but there will be obviously, there's slightly offsetting trend from fully depreciating the 
older networks. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: My second question is on South America excluding Columbia you have had a very nice 
margin expansion from 39 to 46 during the last year. And I guess that's a function of your rolling out GSM networks in 
Bolivia and in Paraguay. Do you see any chance of this model will continue towards the Central America level or it's 
been structioned recent way, it should not reach that level or how should we see in this developing going forward? 

<A>: Now, what I have said historically is that, first of all we will increase our margin in South America and the reason 
why the margin was low in South America, it had to do with the economic situation in that part of the world. That is all 
behind us now and we see very strong growth. You have seen the numbers, subscriber numbers in Paraguay, and also 
now Bolivia has about catching up and Bolivia of course its driven by the GSM network. That's not the guess that was 
the only started or launched less than a year ago. So I would always say that in Bolivia there is still a lot more to come. 
And Bolivia has structural issues as I have always said because of the size of the country, the cost of transmission that 
will not allow us to get through the EBITDA margins we seen in Central America. I do believe that Paraguay has the 
ability to reach the EBITDA levels we see in Central America. 

<Q - Anders Wennberg>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Banc Moyet from Nordea. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Banc Moyet>: Thank you very much. Is there a clarifying question first on the revenue there in Colombia? Was it 
230 million up? 

<A>: For the first nine months. 

<Q - Banc Moyet>: All right. Up until till September. And then second, is regarding the ARPU levels, if I may the 
configuration right here, you see a $4 in the South Asia operation and you are making a loss there despite all this. I just 
wonder what kind of levels do you see going forward here bottoming out below $3 and what do you expect there from 
the ARPU development in Africa, currently standing around $9. 

<A>: In terms of Asia or South Asia, we do expect low ARPUs there going forward. South Asia has always been a low 
ARPU region and that will not change. We hope as we have seen in other regions that by build a better and bigger 
network that we will be able to attract a better quality customer that might temporarily give kind of in an operator 
trends in the ARPUs. We don't see those low ARPUs in Africa today, and we don't see any indication that this will be 
happening in Africa. So, I would expect that Africa will be somewhere in terms of ARPUs somewhere between Latin 
America and Asia. 

<Q - Banc Moyet>: And then follow up as to what kind of ARPU levels are you able to run that at profitable 
operation, what you see in a bottom there, I mean, I was telling a way except in trying to make a profit some 3, $3.5 in 
ARPU level, what kind of year do you have there? 

<A>: In Sri Lanka we are around I think around a $4 level today, and we have a profitable business there, so I think 
that answers the question. So you know how low it can go. Having said that, we prefer to be at higher off course. 

<Q - Banc Moyet>: All right. Thank you very much. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kevin Roe from Roe Equity Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Thanks. Good afternoon, gentlemen. 

<A>: Hi Kevin. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Hi, very nice quarter. A few questions first for you Marc. Given your acquisition in Columbia, the 
heavy lifting you have to do in Congo in Pakistan, has that faceted your appetite for M&A excluding something 
happening in Vietnam or not? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: I think in terms of our activity outside countries where we are totally active or where we have been 
active as was upon a time, I think we more or less full for the time being. As I said in the call, we have these three 
major charges, that keeps us very busy and I think its so much more or so much better to focus on those three countries 
rather trying to add a fourth or fifth country. I think getting those three right I think is going to as I said in the call could 
transform the company, so that's what we will be focusing on. As far as Vietnam is concerned, that's the country where 
we were active for ten years, so clearly we continue to follow developments there and of course we would love to get 
back into that country if that would possible at a certain point in time. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Got it. And David on CapEx the increase from 600 plus to 700 plus million for this year, how of 
much of that increase ballpark would you say is from Colombia and how significant is Colombia in your '07 CapEx? 

<A>: I don't think we are going to give any specific guidance on that Kevin. I mean, I can tell you obviously Colombia 
was a contributing factor for us raising it from the 600 to the 700 and obviously on previous calls we had said the 
CapEx in 2007 we thought would be lower is in absolute amounts and now on this call I mentioned it would be higher 
in absolute amounts in 2007, although lower as a percentage of sales. So you can assume the Colombia was a 
contributing factor in both of those changes both the 2006 full year guidance and 2007 guidance. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Okay. And lastly, Marc on Colombia, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks and maybe 
can you confirmed that for me but the margins in Colombia, you expect long-term could reach the or should reach the 
Millicom average Latin American margin? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No, what I said is the average Millicom margins. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: The average Millicom margins? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes, Millicom margins. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: And, care to put the timeframe on that, are we talking three years, four years, or shorter? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Hey, Kevin we have just seen all of that and amending our business. Hit some timing to get our 
feet under the table and start building some plants there, but as I said I am very bullish about the country, I think it 
looks like the great place to operate a mobile business. But it's a tough place at the same time with two big competitors 
as you know, we know well, because we see them in other markets of Latin America. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: And I think you mentioned you are putting your own management team in Colombia already, is 
that...? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: That's right. So we have about four or five key Executives including The General Manager, The 
CFO, Marketing Director, and some other people that have been moved into the organization more or less from – they 
were there from the 2nd of October almost. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Is there the gentlemen work – individuals working already in other Millicom. 

<A>: Yes, those are – there is clear, the combination out of Central American and South American markets have been 
moved over. So people who have done great jobs for us in other markets so now they have taken on another chance. 

<Q - Kevin Roe>: Excellent. Good luck with that. Thanks guys. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in coming from Brian Nold [ph] from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi. Can you guys hear me? 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q>: Just a couple of quick questions on structure in Columbia, does that 300 million net debt number include the debt 
that you incurred to fund the acquisition the $125 million and then also is any of this debt guaranteed by the parent? 

<A - David Sach>: Okay. Well, the first one in terms of the 125, the 125 went into the business, okay. So you can't 
double count that so we took that money and obviously injected it into the business so therefore it obviously ends up 
there. So don't double count that. In terms of the our parental guarantee on which piece because there is debt that's 
existing in the business and there is obviously a piece that we have to – that we finance to make the 125 million 
acquisition cost so which... 

<Q>: The piece that you used to finance the acquisition? 

<A - David Sach>: No, we borrowed out of one of our existing Central American businesses. So, I believe that was 
done without a parental guarantee. 

<Q>: And so you basically you borrowed 125 million out of a subsidiary and then there is – is it correct to say, then 
you also acquired 175 million of debt, is that how you are getting to the 300 million number or make it double [ph]? 

<A - David Sach>: Yes, we acquired the debt that was existing in the business so obviously we are consolidating that 
business, 100% of that business because we obtained control. So because of that 50 plus one share stake we fully 
consolidate that and obviously back out the minority interest. So we have to take 100% of the existing debt on to our 
books. 

<Q>: Okay. And amount of that was 300 or does that 300 include the – I guess, that's the question I am... 

<A - David Sach>: Correct, that's the over 300. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - David Sach>: I don't have a number in front of me. So I am just – I am taking a guess at the number from 
memory. 

<Q>: Okay. And, just final question. In terms of funding at the Columbia acquisition using the debt at the subsidiary 
any thoughts on why cash at the parent wasn't used or your CapEx, your investing plans are obviously pretty sizable but 
it seems to be mostly funded with operational cash flow. So any thoughts on sort of the cash balance is currently at the 
parent and what you guys think that will be use for? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: No. I mean, borrowing at the subsidiary level to do this acquisitions and liable with what we've 
been saying over the last couple of years is that we want all the clients to reduce the borrowing at the corporate level 
and borrow more at the operating level for reasons that David have explained a number of times. We get better in all 
the tax efficiency and borrowing at the corporate level given that we don't have a lot of operating income at the 
corporate level. So this is aligned with what we're doing. So we don't have any other plans for the time being with the 
cash at [ph] the corporate level. So we will see and enter there in next year, the coming year as to what we're going to 
do with that cash. 

<Q>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from Bon Nodi [ph] from [indiscernible]. Please 
go ahead. Mr. Nodi your line is open now. Okay. We will move on to Sumi Data [ph] from New Street Research. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi. That is Sumi from New Street Research. Again sorry a follow-up from margins in Columbia. I just couldn't 
look [ph] at your competitors tough in American Movil but I think toughest struggled in that margin in the market with 
the single-digit EBITDA margins and America Movil are around 30% in the first half, is there any reason to think 
Columbia is structurally low returns on the capital market than some of your other Latin markets? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: We don't think so I think we see good gross margins of the business. Of course different from other 
markets and Latin America as far as that's we hear number three, where we're in typically in number one or number 
two. So that all this gives you kind of a different traffic pattern in terms of on this call and owners call and so often the 
owner call [ph]. So but we think that if we do the same thing in Columbia as we have done into five other markets in 
Latin America, we should be able to reach EBITDA levels that are similar to the Millicom ones. We would like to 
remind you that in the five other markets, we do run a business model that is different from the two companies that you 
just mentioned, which I think allows us to operate at high margins. And that's also the business model we would expect 
to implement in Columbia. 

<Q>: And sort of a quick follow-up maybe this is little bit simplistic but are you sort of concurrently hoping to grow 
market share and margins at the same time, is that sort of consistent with your current business model? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Yes. First and idea is to grow market share and we assure that by growing market share and getting 
better economies of scale combined with what I would call the right sizing of the business and implementing our 
business model, we should also at the same time most likely later maybe starting or moving into higher margins. But of 
course we do need to get the volumes and that's why the market share is important. 

<Q>: Okay. Great. Thanks. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Adrian Dawes from JM Hartwell. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Bill Miller>: Good morning, Bill Miller again. I am curious now with the growth rates you have experienced this 
year and increase level CapEx both through in the third quarter and for next year. What do you think subscribers will 
grow next year? How, what kind of percentage increases, do you think you will get over this year? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Your all three questions I can't answer Bill, but again I am repeating what I said is with a higher 
CapEx again next year, compared to this year, we would expect that that is also going to generate – is going to generate 
a lot of subscriber growth. Of course percentage wise given that the base is getting bigger these percentages will start 
coming down but I would think that an absolute time that is still going to very strong subscriber growth. 

<Q - Bill Miller>: Great. Thanks. And secondly what you going to do with the management that has been around now 
as kind for seeking that agreement are you moving them to Vietnam or to Congo or where are they going? 

<A - Marc Beuls>: One is in Columbia, and one is in Tanzania. 

<Q - Bill Miller>: Okay. Great. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: So the answer to your question is very precise, so I know this had come out before so its over the 
two loss on the GM and the CFO or have been deployed in other business in Millicom. 

<Q - Bill Miller>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Thank you. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] 

<A>: No more questions operator? 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question from Banc Moyet from Nordea. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Banc Moyet>: Thank you very much. I guess if you can give any comment on Iran there where you had 
disconnect your agreement. Can you give any more details on that or how you review the situation there in Iran? 

<A>: What I said previously is that we were trying to get to an interconnect agreement between RIC and TCI, that 
would allow us to make money in a similar way that we are making money or we expect to money in another business 
in Millicom and we have not seen over the last two years any progress in those negotiations and we don't expect that 
progress will be made, so therefore, it doesn't make sense for us to continue deploying people in the country, if we don't 
expect to be able to own – first build and then own part of successful business. So that is the reason why we decided 
mutually that our fixed term as operating contract. 

<Q - Banc Moyet>: Thank you very much. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We have a follow-up question from Andreas Ekstrom from Handelsbanken. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Thank you. Regarding Columbia again on the mark, there are some local rumors that of the 
Columbian operator if or will be IPO that are listed on the local exchange is that some truth or there is rumors, sorry to 
just books? 

<A>: All mobile operators in Columbia including our two competitors have an obligation because that's part of their 
license to at least do an attempt to list the company on the local stock exchange. Two competitors have tried that over 
the years and they failed. So, when you sell, when it doesn't happen that takes care of the obligation of lease and try. 
We will do so shortly, so I think, we are going to do it before yearend or early next year and then we will see. But it's 
an obligation that comes with the license. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: And how will that impact your ownership? 

<A>: We have in our shareholders agreements taking the necessary measures that would allow us to keep the 
controlling in all – controller's stake in that company. 

<Q - Andreas Ekstrom>: Thank you. 

<A>: Thanks Andreas. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from Nick Gershel from Investic. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Nick Gershel>: Hi good afternoon gentlemen. And great results, just a quick question on – questions on Ghana, I 
mean particularly your subscriber growth on year-on-year basis and Ghana was very strong if you look for the quarter, 
it was quite a big acceleration in the net add in Ghana. Can you just tell us what is driving that and have you seen any 


movements over the quarter in your market share in the region? 

<A>: Ghana is our second star now in Africa, the first one, as you know was Chad, that was launched in the fourth 
quarter last year and then set new records within Millicom in terms of starting up a new business. And Ghana is now 
setting new records in terms of an existing business being turned around in a similar way as we done it in Latin 
America. So, what we have done in Ghana is exactly the same as we have done in South America, and then Central 
America that is sound investing more money into networks, so build a quality network, at the same time introduced 
TIGO and also sustain to improve the distribution in the country, and that is the reason why we see this exponential 
growth in Ghana. And as I said previously I would like to invite everybody to come and see for your self during the 
invested days that we are organizing in the middle of November. 

<Q - Nick Gershel>: Over there, I mean and on the call here you mentioned that your year-on-year growth in revenue 
had been 73% in Ghana. Are you able to give us any indication what it is for the nine months. And in the just of sort of 
thought, I know you wont give us the detail of the margin, but how, what's the trend in over this quarter for sort of the 
above given margins in Ghana? 

<A>: I don't have the data in front of me, but in terms of subscribers and revenue, we see acceleration of the growth 
and I think Ghana is one of those markets where the number two in the market was not really experiencing any kind of 
serious competition and we start providing that competition that and as I said baked by a much better network, good 
distribution, strong brand and that is what is resulting in those exponential subscriber growth and revenue growth. And 
so it's the result of the TIGO model the AAA model, plus the fact that we found a very good market there with good 
demand and we expect that demand is going to continue to be there for the quarters to come. 

<Q - Nick Gershel>: And then sir, just a last question on Tanzania. In the second quarter you had particularly strong 
net adds and you did mention at that time that you had a big promotion job going on in Tanzania. Now that sort of the 
net adds though these in this quarter. Would that just stay on the back of the in the previous quarter that has this big 
promotion job and that has come to an end? 

<A>: No, we've done all kind of promotions. We've also launched TIGO now in Tanzania and that is what is driving 
the subscriber growth. Unfortunately Tanzania was hit by currency depreciation in the third quarter. If that hadn't been 
the case, we would probably would have seen much, even much more of that translated into revenues. 

<Q - Nick Gershel>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We have a follow-up question from Paul Moody from Morley. Please go ahead. Mr. Moody, your line is 
open now. 

<A - Marc Beuls>: Operator maybe I think we should stop the Q&A session here. I think there are no longer questions. 

Operator 

No more questions, sir. 

Marc Beuls, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, Chris. So, let me thank you all once again to be here on this call today. For being with David and myself on this 
conference call and obviously we hope to see you all in our investor days in Ghana, so we can show you the success of 
TIGO, the TIGO launches in Africa. So again we want to welcome to join us on that trip. So, thank you and have a 
great day. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


