Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Judy Hong 
• Thomas Kelly 
• Gregory Badishkanian 
• Mark Astrachan 
• Hilton Schlosberg 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for standing by and welcome to the Hansen Natural 
Corporation First Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a 
listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. [Operator Instructions] And 
as a reminder the conference being recorded today on Thursday, 7th of May 2007 [Sic: 2009]. 

I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Rodney Sacks, Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead, sir. 

Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. My name is Rodney Sacks; Hilton 
Schlosberg, our Vice Chairman and President, he is with me today as is, Tom Kelly, our Vice President of Finance. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind listeners that certain statements made during this call may constitute 
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and which are based on currently available information 
regarding the expectations of management with respect to revenues, profitability, future business, future events, 
financial performance and trends. 

Management cautions that these statements are based on management's current knowledge and expectations and are 
subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of the control of the company that may cause 
actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements made herein. 

Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our most recent annual report on 
Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009, and our most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including the sections 
contained therein entitled risk factors and forward-looking statements for discussion on specific risks and uncertainties 
that may affect our performance. 

The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise. An explanation of the non-GAAP measures of gross sales and certain expenditures, which 
may be mentioned during the course of this call, is provided in the notes designated with asterisks in the condensed 
consolidated statements of income and other information attached to the earnings release dated May 7, 2009. A copy of 


this information is also available on our website at www.hansens.com in the Investor Relations section. 

Over the first quarter of 2009, most sectors of the beverage industry continued to slowdown consistent with the 
continued slowdown in the weak U.S. economy. The housing market decline and continuing job losses all of which 
continued to hamper the spending power of U.S. consumers. We believe continue to cut back on impulse purchases and 
much of their discretionary spending. Although growth in the energy drink category has moderated, it remains one of 
the few sectors of the beverage industry showing growth. 

While this trend continues in most markets, we continue to believe that this trend disproportionately affects blue-collar 
workers, who make up a large portion of our consumer base. While lower gas prices continue to be seen at the pumps, 
we have not seen any noticeable turnaround in purchases at gas stations, which is an important sector for energy drinks, 
although we are starting to hear preliminary indications of slight improvements in foot traffic. We believe that it will 
still be some time before the effects of the recent stimulus package can be assessed. 

In November, we completed the transition of a large portion of our distributor system in the United States to Coca-Cola 
bottlers as well as to new Anheuser-Busch distributors. In the first quarter of 2009, we transitioned Canada and Great 
Britain to CCE, Mexico to Humax and launched our Monster Energy products in France, Holland, Belgium, 
Luxembourg and Monaco through CCE. 

Despite the fact that we experienced some disruption in our supply trend, Monster Energy drinks have continued to 
grow in excess of the growth of the energy drink category. According to the Nielsen reports for the 13 weeks through 
April 25, 2009 all outlets combined namely convenience, grocery, drug and mass outlets excluding Wal-Mart, the 
Energy Drink category sales grew 3% while Monster sales grew 6.3%. Sales of Monster's main competitor Red Bull 
decreased by 1.6%. 

In actual dollar volume the Energy Drink category increased in sales by total of 31.8 million to 1.1 billion for the 
13-week period concerned. Of the increase, 18.4 million was attributable to sales of Monster, sales of Amp and NOS 
increased by 16.9 and 13.1 million respectively. Sales of Red Bull, Rockstar, Full Throttle, No Fear and Adrenaline 
Rush all decreased by 6.1 million, 2.5 million, 9.1 million, 4 million and 8.9 million respectively. 

According to the Nielsen report's all outlets combined, Monster's market share was up 0.9 points to 28.2. Red Bull's 
market share dropped 1.6 points to 34.3. The Rockstar's market share was down 0.6 points to 11.1, Amp's market share 
was up 1.4 points to 7.5, Full Throttle's market share dropped to 4.4, and NOS's market share increased to 3.4. 

According to Nielsen, sales of Java Monster represented approximately 13.6% of the sales of the Monster brand over 
the 13 weeks through April 25, 2009. And the sales of Monster Java to our customers in the first quarter by us 
represented approximately 9.1% of our sales of the Monster Energy brand in United States in that quarter, this excludes 
shots. 

For the three months ended March 31, 2009, sales to retail grocery specialty chains and wholesalers represented 6% of 
gross sales, down from 9% in the same period last year. Sales to club stores, drug chains and mass merchandisers 
represented 15% of sales, which was up from 14% in the previous year. Sales to full service distributors represented 
63% of sales, down from 66% in the same period last year. And sales to others were flat at 3%, while sales outside of 
the U.S. increased to 13% from 8% in the same period last year. 

I would like to just mention that this presentation has changed from the traditional presentation of our channels, 
because traditionally we didn't break out sales outside of the U.S., which were incorporated in the numbers. As sales 
outside of the U.S. are continuing to play a far more important role in the company and our continued growth in the 
sales outside of the U.S. will continue to grow. We thought it was important to read the -- check the numbers for you, 
so going forward this will be the format we propose to use. 

Gross sales to customers outside of the U.S. amounted to 35.3 million, compared to 20.1 million in the same quarter 
last year and represented approximately 12.7% of gross sales, up from 8.2% in the same period last year. Included in 
such sales are direct sales to the company's military customers that we delivered to such customers in the U.S. 


In periods prior to the 2008 third quarter, sales to these customers were classified as domestic sales due to the fact that 
the products were delivered to such customers in the U.S. In determining sales to customers outside of the U.S. in the 
first quarter of 2009, the company recognized that products sold to such customers were in fact being transshipped to 
the military and the customers overseas, and were therefore included in the classification of sales to customers outside 
of the US during the periods concerned. 

As a result, first quarter 2008 comparative figures have been adjusted by 3.1 million, from the amounts previously 
reported. We believe that we will continue to benefit from reductions in the cost of certain raw materials, principally 
apple juice, aluminum and milk. In some cases we have secured beneficial processing from our respective can 
suppliers. We continue to anticipate that we will on average be able to achieve lower can processing in 2009 as 
compared to 2008. Some of the new bottlers and branches that we transitioned to were able to integrate the Monster 
brand readily, while others did encounter different challenges from time to time. 

Transitioning the brand from many different independent distributors to a large organization such as CCE and the other 
co-bottlers as well took longer than compared with transitions to small independent distributors. But once transitioned, 
however, and the full power of those organizations are directed behind the brand, we believe that we will reap the 
rewards through improved distribution and sales. We believe that most of the issues that arose during the transition 
have now been worked through. 

At the end of January we transitioned Canada from Pepsi to CCE. We dealt with a number of technical issues in the 
course of that transition which were challenging but we are optimistic that CCE will get up to full speed in Canada 
shortly. As a consequence Monster Energy sales in certain markets that were transitioned were lower in the quarter than 
in the comparable period last year. But we are seeing continued improvements in those markets. 

Agreements have been reached on the severance payments due to almost all of the terminated distributors. Distribution 
performance in Continental Europe during the first quarter of 2009 exceeded expectations. The Continental European 
division of CCE were extremely motivated and excited with the launch and sale of Monster Energy in their respective 
countries. 

However, distribution performance in the United Kingdom has been disappointing, although there are signs of 
improvement with CCE in the United Kingdom. Sales of Monster in Sweden have continued to progress well. The 
performance of our distributor in Spain was disappointing and we've now entered into a new distribution agreement 
with Osborne we believe is better qualified to represent our brand in Spain. We anticipate that our distributor will 
commence selling Monster Energy in Spain towards the end of May. 

Sales of Monster Energy in the United Kingdom and Europe were extremely promising on an overall basis, amounted 
to approximately 15.9 million for the quarter. We've also commenced distribution of Monster Energy drinks in Mexico 
other than in -- with the Humax Group, which is off to a great start. They do in the case of Baja and Sonora we do 
continue with our existing distributor. 

Monster Energy is now the clear number two brand in Mexico. According to the Nielsen reports, all outlets combined 
Monster's share of the energy drink marketing Mexico for the February, March 2009 timeframe was up 7.7 points to 

25.5 points. Additionally, we have also recently commenced distribution of Monster Energy drinks in New Zealand and 
entered into and distribution agreement with Schweppes Australia Pty Ltd earlier this week for distribution of Monster 
Energy in Australia and with Luigi Biscaldi Import-Export S.r.l. also earlier this week for Italy. 
We plan to commence sales of Monster Energy in Australia in or about June or July and in Italy by the end of May 
2009. The Schweppes Group was acquired by Asahi Breweries in April 2009 and this -- its sales and distribution 
function is estimated to be the second largest [inaudible] infrastructure in Australia behind Coca-Cola and Mattel, with 
a substantially investment in cold sale equipment. 

The retail sales value of -- in Australia is about 839 million and they have a market share of about 16.5% of the 
non-alcoholic ready-to-drink marketplace in Australia. They represent a number of the number one leading brands in 
Australia, mixer, mineral water, lemonade and number of others. So we all very excited by the partnership that we have 
just recently concluded with them in Australia. 


We are continuing to expand the distribution of our Vidration enhanced water products through distributors and are 
continuing with the rollout of the Monster Hitman line of Energy Shooters in three-ounce containers. Gross sales of 
Monster Hitman Energy Shooters in the first quarter were 10.2 million. Although, Monster's market share of energy 
shot market is relatively small, we already well ahead of Amp, NOS, Rockstar and Full Throttle energy shots. And our 
share is growing rapidly. We believe that we have substantial upside in this category. 

We are planning to launch a new Monster Energy Import energy drink as well as the new Hammer X-Presso Monster 
which is non-carbonated diary-based espresso energy drink in the second quarter of 2009 in the United States. Monster 
Import is manufactured in Europe packaged in a 550 ml tall can with a unique resealable looks that's about 18.6 ounces. 

Hammer X-Presso Monster is manufactured -- also manufactured in Europe and is packaged in a 6.8-ounce can. It is 
actually the size can is about to 250 milliliter to eight ounce size can, but because of the pretty unique manufacturing 
process we use for that product you going to get about 6.8 ounces of liquid. And this will be positioned to compete 
directly against Starbucks DoubleShot in 6.5 ounce size cans that are on the market. 

We also planning to launch a new line of Monster Energy drinks later this year, but [inaudible] this part of line at the 
appropriate time. I think it's just probably, [inaudible] mentioned that in the case of our in new X-Presso Monster we 
are utilizing a technology which is similar to that utilized in the Guinness Beer products which allows a very creamy 
head to be developed, and has a very creamy texture but -- and we believe it's the important agent. Unbelievably good 
and smooth taste of this product which is very superior to what anything else we think on the market. So we're also 
pretty exited and we're just going to go back head-to-head and everyone is away. Starbucks came after our Java 
Monster products with a DoubleShot plus Energy in the same size can and simply copied our graphics. So we're all 
going back after the DoubleShot business in the small can. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents amounted to 279.1 million compared to 256.8 million at the end 
of December 2008. Short-term investments were 5 million compared to 29.1 million at the end of December 2008. 
Investments primarily auction rate securities decreased from 89.6 million to 86.5 million. 

Trade receivables increased to 95.7 million from 42.5 million and -- 45.2 million, sorry and distributor receivables 
decreased to 24.4 million from 90.7 million at December 31, 2008. Day sales outstanding for trade receivables were 

36.9 days at March 31, 2009 compared to 16.9 days at December 31, 2008 and 32.7 days at March 31, 2008, principally 
due to increase sales in March 2009 over December 2008 sales levels, as well as certain settlements to terminate 
distributor and different terms that have been extended to our new distributor groups compared to the -- our terminated 
distributors. 
Inventory is decreased to 110.1 million from 116.3 million at December 31, 2008. The decrease in inventories was 
primarily attributable to increased sales in the latter part of the first quarter of 2009, compared to the end of the fourth 
quarter of 2008. 

Average days of inventory was 87 days at March 31, 2009 lower than the 90 days of inventory held at December 31, 
2008. In our 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, we provided certain financial information regarding 
terminated a new distribution agreements. We explained the impact of the termination payments made to terminate the 
distributors to the income statement. 

A full amount was experienced in the year including those distributors where we commenced distribution in 2009 
namely Mexico and Canada. We also explained that while we receive from the newly appointed distributors 
non-refundable contributions covering a significant portion of the cost terminating certain distributors such 
contributions are accounted for as deferred revenue. Such deferred revenue will be recognized as revenue right to be 
over the anticipated 20-year life of the distribution agreements. 

This explains the accounting treatment relating to the above. From a cash flow point of view, the above described 
transactions are expected to be remain largely neutral to the company as we expect to receive payments for the 
contributions that approximate the payments to be made by us to terminated distributors. For the 2009 first quarter we 
recorded 1.1 million in termination obligation to prior distributors. Termination obligations were minimal in the first 


quarter of 2008. 

At March 31, 2009 the company held auction rate securities with a face value of 102 million, with a cost base of 101.5 
million. A level three evaluations performed on the company's auction rate securities as of March 31, 2009, which 
indicated an impairment of 15.5 million, an increase of 0.6 million from 40.9 million as of December 31, 2008. 
Resulting in a fair value of 86.5 million, which is included in long-term investments. 

This evaluation utilized a mark-to-model approach, which included estimates for interest rates timing and the amount 
of cash flows, credit and liquidity premiums and expected holding periods for the auction rate securities. These 
assumptions are typically volatile and subject to change as the underlying sources and market conditions evolved. 

During the first quarter, the company did not repurchase any shares of common stock. Unadjusted, unaudited gross 
sales during April 2009 were approximately 117 million, up approximately 12.2% over April 2008. The Monster brand, 
including Java Monster and Hitman, which was up in the same month approximately 15% over the last year, including 
the U.K. and industry guys point out that Java Monster was slightly down but it does seem to be reducing the deficit 
that we've seen in the past few months for Java Monster. 

I would now like to open the floor to questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi, Rodney. This is Zach Poelma standing in for Kaumil. You talked about lower merchandising cost in the 
quarter and display cost. What was the driver behind that and is that a trend that you expect to continue over the rest of 
the year? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I think that in the past gain with a very 
random group of distributors we tended to basically expense as apology we expense all of sort of coolers and 
equipment et cetera we put out. 

We have a more tighter and a more formulated structure policy now, where we go out and put out coolers, where we 
keep retain ownership of the coolers. We get a contribution from the distributors and we retain ownership and those are 
being amortized over the life of the coolers. 

So that has really changed the basis from before where we put them out in the field because we didn't know we would 
get them back, we didn't know how that'll be returned. We generally -- basically wrote-off those coolers. 

We just did have a -- in 2008, we did have a very heavy sampling program for Java Monster at one of our club store 
customers, which was not repeated in 2009 and that accounted quite a bit for the drop in-store-demo expense. The other 
expenses that we are down quite a bit, were samples and point of sale. Again that really helped decreased the expenses. 
On the other side, as I indicated sponsorships did go up by just over 2 million in the quarter. A lot of that was due to 
one being principally due to the signing of a sponsorship and endorsement deal with Valentina Rossi, who is the world 
champion Motor GP rider, who we thought was very valuable and has really already started paying dividends for us 
due to the exposure, he has already obtained in the first three races in the Motor GP season, one of which -- sure which 
he was second in one which he lost and Sunday he won. 

So -- but going forward with those particular numbers, just to give you an indication there was a -- we do believe that 
our total sponsorship charges going forward this year will be pretty much inline with maybe slightly even less than last 
year. So we've been pretty conservative that expense would probably remain very close to the level that it is in the first 
quarter, in the second and third, even though sell we'd generally anticipated to be higher in those quarters. And then, 
once most of that spending has been done for the year, just it depends on where you lay out the money, some of the 
money you amortize over the period of the actual events or sponsorship. And other sort of money it cause the hot cross 


light them out, when you incurred them, which is cross you into summer season, and then we'll expect to drop off in the 
fourth quarter. 

But overall within those cost will be -- which wasn't increase this quarter, will be contained and will be pretty much 
inline with last year. So which we think is pretty good. We think that, again, the cost of tourist will probably go up a 
little bit as we go out with the cooler program, but it will probably likely be lower than in the previous years. 

<Q>: And on the gross margin line, it looks like they improved by about 400 basis points. Is there a trend that we can 
expect to continue over the remainder of the year, will it probably not be that large? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think you've got to be careful with that because 
the gross margin last -- in the first quarter of last year was less than the rest of the year primarily due to the product mix 
that was a higher percentage of Java Monster which effect on they were higher of cost and our actual gross margin on 
Java Monster was down. What has happened since then and if you look at the margins as I went through the year as we 
reported that end up in second, third and fourth quarter, each of those quarters respectively to the point that the actual 
average gross margin for the year was 52, but there was a higher gross margin in Q4. But the 52 was probably more of 
a sustainable margin. What happened in this quarter was, as you can see we actually ended up with Java Monster being 
a lower mix, percentage of mix. Although Java Monster itself has in the last couple of months we actually are -- a 
decent bump in our gross margin of that product due to lower cost agreement and low cost. 

So with that effect together with the WIC contract having come to an end, because last year we had the WIC apple 
juice contract which also lowered our margins in that first quarter which is one of the reasons we had high cost of juice 
and high rebate under the WIC contract which also affected the margin, disproportionate in the first quarter of last year. 
So when you take that all into account, the margin is all looking nice and we also had a bump in margin as well from 
the shops, our Hitman shops are actually at a higher margin than our average energy drink. So that mix has really 
counter fortis higher margin and what we've achieved in this quarter. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 

Fine, thank you. Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Thanks. Hey Rodney, just looking at the sales number for the quarter, if you look at DSD net sales 
up 17%. I think you've said the inventory reduction in 2008 depress the year ago number by about eight or nine point. 
So, are we thinking about the underlying number being sort of in that 8, 9% range. And was there any inventory returns 
in the quarter that depressed your sales number? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: They were booked in which quarter? 

<A - Thomas Kelly>: Any returns that we did incur in Q1 was already accounted for at year-end. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: If you hear they're also in the actual return that we 
did receive rather already been reserved for them booked at the end of Q4 08. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Okay. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So you do have that situation. One of the big 
factors was that we have had, as we have previously indicated we have had a drop off in the sales levels of Java 
Monster. We've had competition in that category, the categories are still growing quite nicely, we have a strong 
position in that category, we have about 25 odd percent share absolutely in the coffee category. We are -- we have here 
about 25.6% share. But it is -- there is a drop off from the levels that we were able to achieve last year largely due to 
the competition in the category now the entering is all of Starbuck with their energy plus coffee category that helped to 


grow the category at the same time they have taken market share. 

There hasn't been very much creditable competition from any of the other energy companies the Rockstar brand and 
Full Throttle brand really don't feature in that category. So, that has really offset some of the larger sales numbers that 
we actually have achieved on the Monster brand. Also, we bring in to -- take into account that one, we were still a 
process of launching new flavors, there was a lot of pipeline sales going on and full going on in those place which also 
helped increase sales even though we had a -- we believe we had a buy-in Q4 '07, they still were -- sales in Q1 '08 were 
still substantially larger due to -- largely due to the increase in -- sorry, larger due to the launch of the new products and 
they're getting into the market and getting pipeline full. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Okay. Just to clarify, you said that UK and Europe added about 15.9 million of sales in the quarter? 

< A – Rodney Sacks>: Right. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: So, if we just exclude that, year-over-year your DSC sales, excluding the UK and Europe roll out is 
essentially flattish? 

< A – Rodney Sacks>: No. No, I'm seeing the sales of Monster, excluding foreign indices, excluding the -- as I said the 
UK, increasing buy-abouts 15, 16%. Because remember, we've had a substantial lowering in Java Monster sales, which 
are offsetting and that's the report I was making earlier. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Okay. So, but including Java the Monster trade market is flat to up slightly? 

< A – Rodney Sacks>: No. No, if you take the whole brand, year-on-year, we're up 19 odd some percent roughly. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Okay. All right. 

< A – Rodney Sacks>: That's ending, that's all the Monster brand products that are up about 19 year-over-year. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: And then just in terms of your share trends in the recent months, if you look at the Nielsen data, it 
seems like the rate of growth is or the rate of share gains is moderating a little bit. Is that all Java again and are there 
any... 

< A – Rodney Sacks>: Okay. What we're doing is, we think we're actually making gains in the other products in the 
gains of being [Inaudible] sort of offset by the drop in the Java Monster number. So when we end up as we reported, I 
think it is a 6 or 6% guiding the period, you actually got a substantially higher gain from your core Monster products 
and then your -- you're having to reduce that by the reduction in the share of Java Monster. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Okay. And then on your distribution cost, Rodeny, it looks like in the last couple of quarters it has 
been running around 4.5 to 4.9% of sales? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Is that sort of a good run rate because it seems like its kind of down year-over-year and I wonder...? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: What's been happening here is we've been actually 
achieving some freight savings primarily that's really been the main driver there. And that has been due to lower fuel 
cost that we've been able to secure lower freight rates. [Inaudible] have been situated closer to customers, we probably 
improved on our logistics and operational efficiency is a reduction in less than truckload shipments. And overall, we've 
actually seen since the last quarter of '07, we have pretty much seen a consistent reduction in our freight cost. It's 
reflected in the first half of last year and since then we seen a continued reduction going through third quarter of '08, 
fourth quarter of '08 and then now first quarter. So we'll see where that goes. That is the response to that sort of 
observation. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Okay. And then the UK launch, you commented that it was also disappointing start by then it got 
better, can you just may be explain what happened in the beginning and then what's getting better? 


<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't say, it has improved but we're all looking 
forward to an improvement going forward. It's just being far more difficult to really work out to get the operations 
really being able to embrace the brand in the same way as they have in Continental Europe. Now once they are 
embracing the brand, they do have competitive brand the call Relentless, which you go to sort of understand the 
dynamics of the average person at the middle level who has been very instrumental in giving birth to their brand and 
developing it. And all of a sudden he is now got what I would describe as a stepbrother in the household. 

And so for a little bit of time you got a little bit of resistance. And the question is who do you favor and how do you 
help actively to go out, and we just feel that you can see that there is clearly different sense of how they have embraced 
the brand and gone off to getting the sales and distribution in the UK versus in Continental Europe. We have been 
working with the guys. We have been talking to them. We've been showing them why these brands are different. They 
really do all different position. They can both survive and they don't have to necessarily give or decrease the attention 
of one brand at the experience of another by connecting more about brands and make themselves more important in 
whole energy category. And how to position themselves on show that really sort of stole a little bit with those concepts 
and, so we had a -- but we had a very good review meeting our team with him last week and we all addressing a 
number of the issues. 

They all commented that from the highest level they have confirmed to me that they are committed to the brand. It is 
impart an overall group but you've just got to deal with individuals who are running the group and are responsible for 
the energy portfolio in the UK and persuade them and show them how that can do and why that it could be better for 
them. And so, we're working on that and we are making progress. So we believe that the UK will come around that the 
brand, we've already been received indications that we have been or can expect to receive a substantial amount of 
additional listings, so that our distribution levels will go up and we think that once that happens, the brand will take 
care of itself and it will start growing. 

The brand is already undertaking most of the competitors in most of the other countries that we've dealt will be pretty 
much already the main competitor to Red Bull in those countries. And so the brand has resonated well, we've had great 
sell through is good even though it's very early, sell through indications have been very good and they are very exited. 
So we think it will get in the UK in the same way, it's just going to take longer than we all are sort of hopeful that we 
will start seeing some better turnaround and some better results coming through from the UK in the next few months 
going into summer. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Okay. And just my last question, in the US, do you have any expectation in terms of the energy 
drink category growth this year. It looks like it's running up around 3%. You think we're sort of at the bottom here 
because things get worse as the economy continues to -


<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Nobody knows. As you know we just normally 
know that's this is a speculation, but you have seen a really steady down the whole sort of price of the acceleration. But 
then again you have to take it in context, you can't take in isolation you look at other products and generally that got 
negative. And there is no growth at all, exciting category is like in last orders have completely fallen down these 
growth rates. 

We think a lot of it will just start, it will be a bottom and we think that things will turn around and as the economy 
settles down and stabilizes we believe there will be an acceleration effect because, we think that people have just pulled 
in their belts, it's a higher purchase, a higher value item. 

So particularly when you go to things like the 24 ounce, you're talking about a $3 purchase plus we invest with the area 
where there has been most resistance and we think that those -- the fact is the products will then perform and we will do 
believe those consumers will come back and we're hopeful that you will see accelerating growth, but again that's just 
speculation, we have absolutely no way of knowing really how the category will grow other than, it continues to be 
solid, it continues to grow whether through derivatives in the form of coffee drinks, Java Monster drinks within 
derivatives in the form of energy shots. 


All of those are also taking away from the energy drink category, that you've got growth in the energy shot market, 
which is substantially higher than what it was a year ago. That's coming from some way. You're probably getting some 
new customers into that whole category. But basically, you're also taking away energy drink customers who are using 
that limits of form of liquid to get their energy boost instead of using a larger form of liquid for particular occasions. 

And so that again, if you add that into the category, you probably will be -- the numbers will probably change. That's a 
question of how you define it. We already -- it's traditionally been defined without that, but I that energy shots really 
ought to be part of the category and ought to be part of the future categorization of the energy drink category, because 
pretty much they are an alternative product to energy, and they all been consumed by, we believe this pretty much the 
same, by and large the same consumers. 

<Q - Judy Hong>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Badishkanian with Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: Great, thanks. Hey, I was wandering, in terms of April color on kind of trends that 
you've been seeing so far? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I gave the number. We are actually just seeing 
some -- we're just -- we are seeing some noise trends. We're quite happy with the April numbers. We're seeing sort of 
plans going forward, we are pretty excited about it. But we're in a very uncertain times. But we just -- we are in a 
position, as you could see from the numbers, that we're actually starting to also receive additional sales from outside the 
U.S., and that is continuing to grow for us. 

We also have the new products we're bringing in, and we're pretty excited about those, particularly on a volume level, 
particularly the import product, which is in this 550 ml can, 18.6-ounce can, which has a receivable end on it. Not the 
same as the 24-ounce cap can, but it has a receivable little end that is a patent held by one of our can companies. And 
really that can, and it's pretty unique package, we really don't have those can sizes in the U.S., we don't have the 
receivable end in the U.S. 

So the whole package is absolutely new to the United States. So we think we're pretty excited that that's going to be 
priced probably up 2.89, 2.99 range. But you think that's a pretty exciting will be incremental as will be, we believe, the 
expresso. So those -- hopefully we're going to be launching them during this quarter and that will start -- will obviously 
also, we hope impact our sales and our results going forward. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: Yeah. Good. And in terms of the promotional environment, how would you categorize 
that over last few months? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We think that it's pretty much, it's very similar. 
We've obviously been a little more circumspect in some of these things like sampling and things. We've been a little 
more careful in our spend, but it's -- we're pretty much operating in the same way which we have been in last year. 
There hasn't been any dramatic change in either what we're spending on, how we're spending on, or the depth or extent 
of our deals. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: And your competitors that looking at -- how are they responding to the slowing market 
and you're continuing to take share? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's just -- has been same as last year. I don't 
think there's been very much difference. We've not noticed a change that we've actually felt. Anybody is doing 
anything very differently. 


<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: All right. Good. And you mentioned some pretty good things that are going on in 
continental Europe, that you're picking up some nice share very early on, and I'm just -- I'm wondering if you look at 
Europe, whether you include UK or not, what's the potential for that market now that you've operating there for a 
while? How big could that actually be for you? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We really don't know that -- what we've seen in 
literally six weeks of launching in three large countries in continental Europe, we've already pretty much, either close 
to or already become the number two. In some countries, we've had pretty good distribution there and others a little -less 
still, but good for obviously as a launch has been outstanding distribution, but there's still a lot of upside to pull that 
distribution out. And our sales are pretty decent. So based on that we're getting -- we believe we're getting very good 
reception to the brand. Guys that have been out and been at the Motocross and Super Moto GP, the actual quality, iKon 
is resonating, really, really strong, people love the product. 

They want the hats, they want the clothing, everything is really working. We think pretty positively for the brand. And 
it's a big market, but it's competitive and in many countries, we don't know what hurdles there are. And what issues we 
have to face. But so far, so far it's been pretty good, even the UK, while it's been disappointing, it certainly is starting to 
go into the right direction, we do believe we'll be able to pick up some sales. That market was only-- passed by the U.S. 
in size pretty recently. So it's a pretty large stable market, but obviously we're also facing the fact that the UK itself -sorry 
Europe, Continental Europe and Eastern Europe, are suffering from the economically -- a lot of those countries 
have been very badly hit by the stalling economies they've gotten. So we think that's also might be an issue, but 
hopefully, also again a short-term issue, but clearly Europe opens up a lot of potential and opportunities for us. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: Great. And one final question, what do you think the potential is for McDonald's and 
what plans, if any, do you have to sell energy drinks there? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We have certain strategies with regard to the 
on-premise restaurant channel, but it would be premature for us to announce them at this time. But I think that we may 
have some information we will be able to release to you guys, or some news, later this quarter. 

<Q - Gregory Badishkanian>: Great, great. Thanks Rodney. I appreciate it. 

Operator 

Well, thank you. Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Hey, good afternoon guys. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: The first question just relates to the increase in accounts receivable. You touched on it a little 
bit in your prepared remarks. But just a little bit more color in terms of what's going on there. And then, relatedly to 
that, just to give us an idea of what potential sell-in to the Coke distributors in Europe and Canada, as well as potential 
sell-in going into additional channels in the U.S., like club stores or supermarkets, where you had typically 
under-penetrated in the past? Just to give us an idea about how all of that benefited, hurt, things in the quarter would be 
helpful? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I'm not sure there was real selling in Canada, 
we had a lot of products we took back. And then we put it -- we obviously put it into the CCE. So I'm not sure we've 
done any analysis on that. We certainly have no knowledge of any selling to the club stores or anything is being got 
there. In the case of Europe, there probably was some element of selling to – obviously to our distributors but – and 
then into stores, but I – so that there would be some element of selling but I certainly don't have a – I just don't have an 
idea of a number. We've not done the analysis in that regard, there is probably, again, a much lesser but possibly some 
selling as in the U.K. in order to get inventory to our distributor on the floor. 


But again, that replaced the previous distributor, and he had inventory in the U.K. So really that's probably applies 
more to Europe as to the U.K. So I really – I can't give you much more color on that because we've not done the 
analysis and it's not – it's. 

With regard to accounts receivable. If you look at the walls, you're going to look at the situation at the end of '08 as 
being pretty much an aberration that was completely out of the norm. And if you go back to the accounts in receivable, 
in -- at the end of the comparable period in '08, the first quarter. Then you are looking at, on lower sales and for other 
factors there, you're looking at 81.8 million versus 95 million. Just check that's right, I think on sales. 

<A - Thomas Kelly>: That's sales. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: That's sales. I need 

<A - Thomas Kelly>: AR 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I need the AR. 

<A - Thomas Kelly>: Okay. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sorry, Tom. So I will get that figure for you now, 
the AR figure. But you see the AR figure as of December really was an aberration, just because of the change – because 
of a number of factors. If you look at the receivable days that I did mention in my prepared remarks, that gives you a 
better flavor for what you were last year, which was much – it wasn't that much of a difference. The receivable days 
last year was 32.7 and -- versus 36.9. So it was – 81.8 million was the number was the – versus 95 in receivables. That 
differential, that 10%, really has been attributed to the different terms that we are extending to distributors now, certain 
terms we are extending to some of our overseas customers because of shipping, particularly where we shipping 
products. 

We are allowing them time for the shipment before they pay. So that gives them a much larger period of times and that 
really has the impact of extending those terms out. So it has- it had a – due to our some our cash obviously to fund that, 
but the receivables are in pretty good shape. And going forward -- but those are the numbers. So you've got to really 
ignore the 45 number. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. And just in general, I'm trying to get a sense of how you can report, if top line growth 
of 15%, but say that the take-away from Neilson numbers is that the Monster business is growing somewhere in that 
high single-digit range? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Right. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: I am just trying to get a sense of what the differences between the two and may be relatively 
to that, I'm curious what benefit you received from the transition period that Rockstar had in the quarter, because I 
think the [inaudible] bit later. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: This stage I'm not sure there is any benefit from 
the Rockstar transition. We've been trying to get out in transition button down. And that transition is only taking place 
at the end of April, and in fact in Canada only during May. And that there is a couple of areas where that will stay still 
in the CCE system, they haven't moved out yet. But, if you look at – what you've got to take into account -- the 
numbers that Nielsen report are offsetting the that – we're reporting on our offsetting and I don't know, the way we look 
at the Nielsen numbers and put them together, you're taking into account the Java, which is down, and your Monster 
brand, which is up. 

Also not taken into account in those Nielsen numbers, the shot business that we have, also not taken into account in 
those Nielsen numbers: Canada, Mexico, overseas, Europe -- all of those are factors in our numbers. The Nielsen's 
really a small [inaudible] major channel, doesn't deal with clubs, doesn't deal with some of the mass merchandisers, 
Wal-Mart, which is a big -- very big customer of ours. There's just a portion of areas that don't measured in that 
Nielsen. 


<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay. So maybe just then, come full circle, we've had this conversation before, Rodney, but 
in terms of the end demand net accounts, like that low double-digit rate, continues to be the run rate for the overall 
business in terms of takeaway at retail? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: In the U.S, in those major channels. 

<A - Hilton Schlosberg>: Yeah. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay, great. Well, thanks guys. 

<A - Hilton Schlosberg>: And again you've got to divide it. You really need to also divide it between Monster and 
Java Monster. I think that is important, because you've got to look at the Monster brand and you may want to look at 
the Java Monster brand a little differently. But I think the important part is that you actually do have a look at the 
Monster brand itself, which I think is important. For example, in the convenience category, the Monster energy 
16-ounce can, on its own, without can, on its own, without the addition of other products, on its own, is up 7.3% 
year-on-year. 

Whereas, if you look at Red Bull in that category, with their 8.3-ounces, down 8.6%, their 12-ounce is down 15.7% and 
then their 16-ounce is up off a much smaller base, because that's their lowest selling product, is up 16. And then you go 
down to Monster Diet Energy, low carb, is up 16.5% as an SKU. As we get Rockstar's lead product is down 4.5%. So 
that even Amp's leading product, although they've seen some growth over the year, is down 9.4. So you've really got to 
look into a little deeper than just looking at the growth and where the prospects are for the brand for growth to continue 
in the brand, and how do we make our mix of getting to the point where we can actually deliver a higher rate of growth 
in just the aggregate net numbers out of that one report. 

<Q - Mark Astrachan>: Okay, great. Thanks guys. 

<A - Hilton Schlosberg>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Right. Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen that's all the time we have for today. Mr. Sacks please continue with any 
closing comments you might have. 

Rodney C. Sacks, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

I just would like to say that we are still going through pretty uncharted times in the U.S. and the rest of the world have 
felt the indications of the whole slowdown. We are also feeling it and but we do believe that we're able to produce very 
good results, we've enabled to contain our cost which -- as you can see from the numbers has been very important to 
our bottom line, and we think that containment will continue. We can't tell you as to what level but we're just hopeful 
that we will be able to manage our cost well in this environment and will continue to produce really good, what we've 
regard is very good results. 

So we're very positive for the rest of the year. But we do have to be careful and we can't tell where we'll be because of 
the environment we're in. So with that caution, I would like to thank you for your support and hopefully we will see, 
we're going into summer now, so we've got some interesting times coming with the launching our range of products in 
Australia, Italy we're pretty much relaunching or we didn't really get to the launch in Spain, so we think that's very 
positive. And we are just very hopeful that these -- that the CCE system in Europe is going to come through and 
develop and produce some real nice results for us in sales for the brand. So, overall, with our new products here we're 
very excited and continue to go on, march on with the brand. Thank you very much for our attendance. 

Operator 


All right, thank you. And ladies and gentlemen this concludes the Hansen and National Corporation first quarter 2009 
financial results conference call. We thank you very much for your participation today. You may now disconnect. Have 
a great -- rest of your day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


