Q4 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Rodney Cyril Sacks 
• Hilton H. Schlosberg 
Other Participants 

• Kaumil S. Gajrawala 
• Judy E. Hong 
• William B. Chappell 
• Michael Lavery 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Monster Beverage Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Financial Results 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question and answer 
session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being 
recorded. 

I would now like to introduce the host for today's conference, Mr. Rodney Sacks, Chairman and CEO. Sir, please go 
ahead. 

Rodney Cyril Sacks 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, our 
Vice Chairman and President, is with me today, as is Tom Kelly, our Senior Vice President of Finance. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind listeners that certain statements made during this call may constitute 
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, and which are based on currently available information 
regarding the expectations of management with respect to revenues, profitability, future business, future events, 
financial performance, and trends. 

Management cautions that these statements are based on our current knowledge and expectations and are subject to 
certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of the company that may cause actual results to 
differ materially from the forward-looking statements made during this call. 

Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on 
Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2011 and our most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including the sections 
contained therein entitled Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements for a discussion on specific risks and 
uncertainties that may affect our performance. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

An explanation of the non-GAAP measure of gross sales and certain expenditures which may be mentioned during the 
course of this call is provided in the notes designated with asterisks in the condensed consolidated statements of income 


and other information attached to the earnings release dated February 23, 2012. A copy of this information is also 
available at our website, www.monsterbevcorp.com, in the Financial Information section. 

We are pleased to report yet again another record fourth quarter, with record gross sales up 28.4% to $467.3 million, 
record net sales up 28.7% to $410 million, and diluted earnings per share increasing 32.6% to $0.35 per share from 
$0.26 a share in the same quarter of 2010. For the year, we also report gross – record gross sales up 31% to $1.950.5 
billion, record net sales up 30.6% to $1.703.2 billion, and diluted earnings per share increasing 34.5% to $1.53 per 
share from $1.14 in the year ended December 31, 2010. 

According to the Nielsen report for the 13 weeks through January 21, 2012 for all outlets combined, namely 
convenience, grocery, drug, and mass merchandisers excluding Walmart, sales in dollars in the energy drink category 
including shots increased 16.4% versus the same period a year ago. Sales of Monster grew 23.6% in the 13-week 
period, while sales of Red Bull increased by 18.7%. Sales of Rockstar increased by 19.1%, and sales of 5-hour 
increased by 14.3%. Sales of AMP decreased 7.2%, sales of NOS increased 7% but there off a small base, and sales of 
Full Throttle decreased 4.5%. 

According to the Nielsen report for the four weeks ended January 21, 2012, sales of energy drinks in the convenience 
and gas channel in dollars increased by 16.8% over the comparable four-week period in 2011. Sales of Monster 
increased by 26.9% over last year, while sales of Red Bull increased by 18.1% over last year. Rockstar was up 18.6%, 
while 5-hour was up 9.9%. AMP was down 7%. NOS was up 8.3%, again off a small base, and Full Throttle was up 
0.9%. 

According to Nielsen for the four weeks ended January 21, 2012, Monster's market share of the energy drink category 
in the convenience and gas channel, including energy shots, in dollars improved to 30.3% against Red Bull's share of 
32.3%, Rockstar's share of 9.7%, and 5-hour's share of 10.6%. Based on the Nielsen reports, Monster is continuing to 
close the gap with Red Bull in dollars, while in units Monster is continuing to increase its lead over Red Bull. 

According to Nielsen in the 13 weeks ended January 21, 2012 for all outlets combined, sales of energy plus coffee 
drinks in dollars increased 15.2% over the same period last year. Java Monster was 17% higher than last year and 
Starbucks Doubleshot Energy was up 21.3%. Java Monster sales and market share continues to show improvement, and 
Java Monster is still the market leader in this space. 

We are pleased to report that sales of our new non-carbonated Monster Rehab Tea + Lemonade energy drink with 
electrolytes, which we launched in the first quarter of 2011, continues to accelerate and this SKU continues to be one of 
our top selling Monster products. Based on Nielsen data for the convenience and gas channel, in the 13 weeks ended 
January 21, 2012, sales of Rehab are now more than double the sales of the main competitive non-carbonated energy 
drink. 

During the fourth quarter, we launched three line extensions to our successful Monster Rehab energy drink, namely 
Rojo Tea + Energy, Green Tea + Energy, and Protein + Energy. We are in the process of launching a further line 
extension in the Monster Rehab line, namely Tea + Orangeade + Energy, and are also proceeding with our planned 
launch of our Uber Monster energy drinks in glass bottles during the first half of 2012. 

Monster is performing well in Canada. According to Nielsen, in the convenience and gas channel in Canada for the 12 
weeks ended January 14, 2012, the energy drink category grew 11%. Monster's sales increased 23%, and our market 
share grew 2.3 points to 24.6% over the same period last year. Red Bull's sales increased 11% and its market share 
decreased 0.2 points to 37.4% as compared to the same period last year – oh, in 2010. Rockstar sales increased 19%, its 
market share increased by 0.9 points to 15%. 

According to Nielsen, sales in the energy drink category in Mexico grew 11.4% in December 2011 over December 
2010. Sales of Monster Energy in Mexico in December 2011 grew 21.1% over the same month in 2010, while sales of 
Red Bull were 12.1% lower. Monster's market share in Mexico in December 2011 increased by 2.8 points to 34.2% 
over the same period in 2010. This excludes Java Monster, bringing us closer to Red Bull's market share in Mexico, 
which dropped 9.8 points to 36.8% over the same period. 


Net sales for the company's DSD segment increased 31.1% to $389.8 million for the three months ended December 31, 
2011 from $297.5 million in the same period in 2010, and contribution margin increased 24.9% from $103.7 million to 
$129.6 million. Net sales for the company's warehouse segment decreased 5.1% to $20.1 million for the three months 
ended December 31, 2011 compared with $21.2 million for the same period in 2010. However, the company achieved a 
positive contribution of approximately $750,000 in the three months ended December 31, 2011 for the warehouse 
segment as compared to a negative contribution of almost $1 million in the comparable period in 2010. 

Net sales for the company's DSD segment increased 32.6% to $1.608.3 billion for the 12 months ended December 31, 
2011 from $1.212.6 billion in the same period in 2010, and contribution margin increased 24.4% from $436.7 million 
to $543.2 million. Net sales for the company's warehouse segment increased 4% to $94.9 million for the 12 months 
ended December 31, 2011 compared with $91.3 million for the same period in 2010. And the warehouse segment 
achieved a positive contribution margin of $4.3 million in the 12 months ended December 31, 2011 compared to a 
negative contribution of almost $0.8 million in 2010. 

For the 12 months ended December 31, 2011, gross sales to retail grocery, specialty chains and wholesalers represented 
4% of gross sales, down from 6% in 2010. Gross sales to club stores, drug chains, and mass merchandisers represented 
10% of sales, down from 12% in 2010. Gross sales to full service distributors represented 64% of sales, the same as in 
2010. And gross sales internationally increased to 20% from 16% in the same period in 2010. Other sales were 2% for 
the period, the same as in 2010. 

Gross sales to customers outside the United States in the fourth quarter of 2011 amounted to $88.9 million compared to 
$66.4 million in the same quarter in 2010 and $116.8 million in the third quarter of 2011. Gross sales to customers 
outside the United States in the 12 months ended December 31, 2011 amounted to $381 million compared to $240.6 
million in 2010. Included in such sales are sales to the company's military customers, which are delivered in the United 
States and trans-shipped to the military and their customers overseas. 

Sales continued to progress well in Europe. Gross sales in EMEA, which is Europe, Middle East and South Africa, 
were 46.1% higher in the fourth quarter than in the comparable period 2010. And for the full year, gross sales in Europe 
were 87.5% higher than in 2010. Sales in Western Europe and in the United Kingdom in particular grew faster than in 
Central and Eastern Europe, and Western Europe is now operating profitably. In South Africa, we made a change to our 
distribution partner and in the last quarter of 2011, sales improved substantially. 

We are continuing with our expansion strategy into new international markets. We launched Monster Energy in Poland 
in February, and are planning new additional launches in Japan, Korea, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan in the first half 
of 2012. We are also planning additional launches in Central and Eastern Europe, Turkey, the Middle East, Africa, 
South America and Asia during the remainder of 2012. 

Both gross and net sales for the comparable 12-month period ended December 31, 2010 were negatively impacted by 
advance purchases made by customers in the 2009 fourth quarter. If the sales attributable to the 2009 fourth quarter 
buy-in were being included in the 2010 first quarter, in which the company previously estimated at 4% to 6% of the 
2009 fourth quarter gross sales, such sales would have had the effect of increasing the sales achieved in the 12 months 
ended December 31, 2010 by approximately 1%. The buy-in had no effect on 2011 sales on which we are now 
reporting. 

Sales of Peace Tea ready-to-drink iced teas continued to meet our expectations. In 2011, gross sales of Peace Tea 
increased 37.1% over 2010. We are in the process of launching three new line extensions, namely Cranberry Tea, Pink 
Lemonade + Tea, and Texas-style Sweet Tea which will replace the Ceylon Tea, Unsweetened Tea, and Green Tea 
variants -- Diet Green Tea variants, sorry. 

We are continuing to build distribution for Worx Energy. In 2012 we intend to bring our advertising expenditure for 
Worx Energy into line with Worx sales levels. We plan to introduce an additional extra strength version later in 2012. 

Gross profit margin achieved in the fourth quarter of 2011 was 52.3% versus 51.6% in the comparable quarter in 2010. 
The increase in our overall gross margin percentage was largely due to a higher proportion of sales within the DSD 
segment of products in North America, which have a higher gross profit margin, increased sales of DSD products as 


compared to warehouse products, a product mix which was partially offset by international sales, where we achieved 
lower gross margin than in North America, and to a lesser extent to lower off-invoice and promotional allowances. 

We have covered a large portion of our anticipated requirements for aluminum cans in 2012, as well as a portion of our 
anticipated requirements for apple juice and sugar. In the light of the volatility of both commodities in world markets, 
we anticipate some increasing raw material costs in 2012. We do not believe that at current levels, raw material cost 
increases will have a material negative effect on our margins. 

Distribution expenses as a percentage of net sales in the fourth quarter were slightly higher than in the same period in 
2010. Selling expenses as a percentage of net sales increased to 12.5% from 12.2% in the same period in 2010. The 
increase in selling expenses was primarily attributable to increases in commissions and royalty payments, premiums, 
advertising, and sponsorship and endorsement costs in the fourth quarter as compared to the same quarter in 2010. 
Increased costs for sampling teams as well as trade development personnel, particularly in Europe, also contributed to 
the increase in selling expenses. 

We are continuing to invest in the Monster brand internationally, particularly in Central and Eastern Europe, Australia 
and South America. Such trade development programs supplement our distribution partners' respective sales forces to 
service and merchandise small independent stores. We believe that such activities play an important role in the 
establishment and development of our brand overseas. The costs of product sampling teams and trade development 
personnel are included as part of our selling expenses and do not form part of our payroll costs. 

General and administrative costs, although higher in dollars, decreased marginally as a percentage of net sales in the 
quarter. The increase in general and administrative costs was primarily attributable to increased payroll expenses and in 
particular, increased costs of stock-based compensation. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2011, selling expenses 
as a percentage of net sales increased to 12.9% from 11.5% in 2010. Sponsorship and endorsement costs were 
approximately $13.6 million higher than in 2010, but were lower as a percentage of net sales. 

Selling expenses for the 12 months ended December 31, 2011 was also higher than in 2010, primarily due to increased 
expenditures for advertising, which was largely for the Worx Energy shots, trade development costs, commissions and 
royalties, premiums and merchandise displays, which is mainly coolers. 

In 2011, cost of goods as well as selling, general and administrative expenses in Western Europe were lower on a per 
case basis in local currencies than in 2010. In 2011, we invested extensively in Central and Eastern Europe and more 
particularly, in newer markets in that region. Selling and general and administrative expenses in that region were higher 
on a per case basis in local currencies, in part due to lower case sales than planned. We are all holding discussions with 
our distributor in Central and Eastern Europe to more equitably allocate the value chain between us. We believe that 
such discussions, combined with reduced operating costs per case, will enable us to achieve improved operating results 
in 2012 in Central and Eastern Europe. 

We incurred high promotional and marketing costs on a per case basis in Australia in 2011, in implementing our 
strategy to increase market share, which was achieved. We are working with our distributor in Australia to increase 
their contribution towards promotional costs going forward, and have also taken steps to reduce our cost of goods and 
overall operating costs in Australia. We believe that these measures will enable us to achieve improved results in 
Australia in 2012. 

Operating income was negatively affected by combined operating losses of $15.4 million for the year ended December 
31, 2011 from our operations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Australasia, and South America. These operating 
losses negatively affected our reported income for the 2011 year, and obviously should be borne in mind in evaluating 
our results. 

Our effective tax rate in the 2011 fourth quarter was 38.3% compared to 38.7% in the 2010 fourth quarter. The 
decrease in the 2011 fourth quarter effective tax rate was primarily the result of a lower effective combined state tax 
rate, which was partially offset by an increase in the reserve for certain uncertain tax benefits. Our effective tax rate for 
the year ended December 31, 2011 was 37.4% compared to 39.3% for the year ended December 31, 2010. 


The decrease in the effective tax rate for the year was primarily the result of a lower effective combined state tax rate 
this year, and the establishment in 2010 of a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of a foreign 
subsidiary. The decrease in the annual effective tax rate was also partially offset by the increase in the reserve for 
certain uncertain tax benefits. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents amounted to $359.3 million compared to $354.8 million at 
December 31, 2010. Short-term investments were $411.3 million compared to $244.6 million at December 31, 2010. 
Long-term investments decreased from $44.2 million at December 31, 2010 to $23.2 million. Included in short- and 
long-term investments are auction rate securities of $35.9 million. 

Trade accounts receivables are now presented on a gross basis, as are promotional allowances owed to those customers 
that the company does not allow a net settlement, such as our full service distributors. We continue to present that 
portion of the promotional allowances owed to those customers that the company allows net settlement on a net basis. 
On such basis, trade accounts receivables increased to $218.1 million from $166 million at December 31, 2010. 

Days outstanding for receivables consistent with the above treatment were 42.4 days at December 31, 2011 compared 
to 41.3 days at December 31, 2010. If trade account receivables had been presented on a net basis, days outstanding 
would have been 26.2 days at December 31, 2011 compared to 27.7 days at December 31, 2010. In the future, the 
company will only report days outstanding for receivables calculated on a basis consistent with the above new 
treatment. 

As sales outside the United States continue to increase as a proportion of our overall sales, days outstanding for 
receivables are expected to increase due to the different terms generally granted to customers internationally, in 
accordance with local practices in their respective countries. 

Inventories increased to $155.6 million from $153.2 million at December 31, 2010. Average days of inventory were 72 
days at December 31, 2011, which is lower than the 89 days of inventory at December 31, 2010. At December 31, 
2011, the company held auction rate securities with a face value of $44.8 million. Originally it was $79.6 million at 
December 31, 2010 with an amortized cost basis of $35.9 million. 

During the 2011 fourth quarter, the company purchased approximately 0.7 million shares of its common stock at an 
average purchase price of $39.78 per share, pursuant to the share repurchase program previously authorized by the 
Board of Directors in March 2010. These purchases exhausted the availability under the 2010 share repurchase 
program. In the fourth quarter, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase plan for the repurchase of up 
to $250 million of the company's shares. No shares have been purchased as yet under this authorization. 

Gross sales in January 2012 were approximately 34% higher than in January 2011. We are encouraged by the 
continuing strong sales that have been experienced by the company. We caution again that sales in a single month and 
over a short period are often disproportionately impacted by various factors such as for example, selling days, days of 
the week in which holidays fall, and the timing of promotions in retail stores, and should not necessarily be imputed to 
or regarded as indicative of results for the full quarter or any future period. 

I would like to open the floor to questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: Hi, guys. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Hi, Kaumil. How are you? 


<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: I'm good. I just want to – one quick clarification when you were going through the 
numbers at the beginning, did you say that it was Central and Eastern Europe that went to profitability or were you 
talking about total Europe? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: No, no, Western Europe, which includes the U.K., are more established markets, and by 
far the bulk in that area was profitable. It's the newer markets and a lot of them are smaller countries in Central and 
Eastern Europe that aren't profitable. A lot of that is as I indicated, and it's also just been more difficult because of 
start-up costs in different countries in different languages, and just have overhead structures in each of those countries 
which we have to establish. And that – so that's Central, Eastern Europe has been the issue. 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: Okay, got it. And then was there anything timing related? It sounds like in January you 
were up 54% (sic) [34%]. And that's significantly different with how the quarter was going. Anything that we should 
know about timing-wise that would explain that? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: I'm not sure I follow that. The sales were up, the Nielsens, which were indicated for the 
last four weeks were up in the high 20s% our sales, and our sales as a company which includes international is up 34% 
in January. So I'm not sure where that was. 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: Okay, 34%, so I just misheard you towards the – at the end of that call. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Just to clarify, 34%. 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: 34%, got it. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Yeah. 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: And then the final thing is how far along are you in some of those international markets 
where you're close to profitability? Is there a certain size in terms of revenues or a certain area where all of a sudden the 
scale starts to kick in? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: I think there is a clear correlation between the size of the market and our profitability. And 
in most of the Western European countries, we're now are at a size where we are profitable in each of those countries, 
individually as well as in aggregate for the region. In Central and Eastern Europe, there are certain countries in that 
region where we have reached a level of probability already, even though those are much newer markets. And those are 
the markets that are bigger. 

It's just much harder to get going in a small market where you may have 100,000 cases or 120,000 cases in your second 
year to be profitable where you've got a country manager, you have a sampling team, and truck, and marketing people, 
you do need to get up to a certain scale indeed. It's just been harder in Central and Eastern Europe because the energy 
category in those countries is smaller, and it's just taking a little longer to get up to that mass. But it is going in the right 
direction. 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: Okay, yeah, and then just my final question is you had very impressive growth despite 
the fact that the economy has not turned around maybe at the pace at which we would have preferred. Are you – do you 
feel that maybe you're starting to see a bit of a cyclical benefit that maybe the – at least the macro environment is 
getting a little better for your core consumer? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: I think it's been very much of a muchness. I mean a lot of our core consumers are still 
struggling, and for example in California, where the housing market hasn't come back yet. So we've not seen a big 
change that's sort of been material in any way. I mean the results have just been continued to be good, the category is 
still growing, and a lot of that we ascribe to its broadening demographic. But we've been fortunate to see growth even 
though we obviously we're having tough economic times generally in the U.S. and elsewhere. But we don't see a big 
change. 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: Got it, all right. Thank you very much, guys. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Thank you, Kaumil. 


Operator 

Thank you. The next question is from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Thanks, hi, everyone. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Hi, Judy. 

<A - Hilton H. Schlosberg>: Hi, Judy. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Rodney, just I think I missed your answer to Kaumil's question, but the January sales you said 
up 54% or 34%? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: No, 34%, 34%, 34%. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: 34%, okay, got it, got it. And then maybe just if you can help us understand the Rehab 
performance, how big is that brand now as a percent of your business? And as you've rolled out additional SKUs, I 
think you were hoping that you can get into tea doors, and how successful are you in that endeavor? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Rehab in – this is January, sorry, just want to get you some figures. In January, Rehab – 
January, February, Rehab has been about between 5% and 6%. That's just the original Rehab, between 5% and 6% of 
our sales. And we're rolling out the Red and Green Tea Rehab and the others, and so that is a little bit distorted in 
January, February because a lot of that is [ph] pipe fill. (28:36) 

But in the quarter, the fourth quarter, Rehab's sales were about – gross sales, I don't have a net number, Judy, gross 
sales were about $47 million. So that you can see is quite a big number. It's of our total net sales were about – sorry, 
that's gross. Our total gross sales in the quarter was about – in that division was about $467 million. Sorry, the company 
was $467 million. So you can see it's just over 10% of our sales. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Okay. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: And if you go to the – and in the convenience and gas, basically in the convenience and 
gas channel, if you take our leading Green product, which is the main product, our sales that were $118 million, the 
retail sales, $118 million. For the 13 weeks ending January 21, Rehab had gone up to about $23.5 million. And if you 
bear that in mind, Absolutely Zero after a year, it'd be in the market for one and three-quarter years, that's $27.4 
million, and our Lo-Carb is about $39 million. So just those are the – that's sort of the positioning of it in our mix. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: And your success in terms of getting additional – your entry into tea door with Rehab now that 
you've got additional SKUs, are you able to get more shelf spaces and get into a tea door now? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Get into? We're right in the middle of getting sets reset and I'm not able to – we're getting 
immediate acceptance for all of our additional SKUs. But I'm not aware of exactly how, what proportion of our sales 
are going into the energy door, what proportion are actually being successful in transitioning into the tea door. It's 
premature for me to... 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Okay, and then just in terms of your G&A expenses in the quarter, just to the sequential step up, 
I think in Q3 if you take out the options expense, it steps up by about $3 million just quarter to quarter. So is that just 
adding more people in some of the international markets? What drove that sequential pickup in terms of the absolute 
dollar increase in January? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: I think one of the things that was up was stock-based compensation, and then we are also 
up with additional people. I mean as we've continued to expand the roll-out into and planning for the Poland launch, 
which took place earlier this month, the launch that is coming up quite quickly in Korea and Japan, we've had to take 
on additional staff. And so we are gearing up to the same thing in South America. So we certainly have had an increase 
in staffing. 


And we have taken on a new Senior Vice President, Don Blaustein, who was previously President of Heineken, to head 
up our international operations in Asia and South America regions and Latin regions. So he's come onboard, but he 
won't have affected these figures because he's come onboard only in the last few weeks. But we are obviously looking 
to step up our personnel to basically be able to handle the increased expansion and the bigger volume that we're now 
dealing with as we continue to move forward. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Thank you. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question is from Bill Chappell with SunTrust. Please go ahead. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Hi, Bill. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Just a couple quick questions on gross margin, kind of looking at a pretty strong gross 
margin in the fourth quarter. Trying to understand if that's more mix or if that's the benefit of the hedges, and how we 
should look at that if that's kind of the base we should look at going forward into 2012? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: I think that's more of a mix issue. I think the Rehab is continuing to increase as a 
proportion, and the margins on the Rehab brand are better than some of the juice products, the coffee products, some of 
the bigger can sizes, so I think that is primarily a mix result. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Okay. And then as I look to 2012, I know you said that commodities shouldn't be a 
negative for gross margin. How about the entry into a lot of the Asian, Eastern Europe countries in the first half? 
Should they have any material impact on the gross margin, or should it be at least flat from here? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: I think that as we've indicated, the overseas business, generally gross margins are not as 
good as we've been achieving in the North American markets. So as we continue to grow sales in those markets, we're 
obviously trying to improve our efficiencies and our costs, but gross margins are as a general rule, not – there are some 
exceptions, but as a general rule, will be less. But again, the impact that those additional markets will have on the 
company, we believe will be small. 

The issue which we don't know is as we continue to expand again, is what will happen to costs like – the bigger cost 
that we have are apple juice and sugar, which are quite big components, as we've indicated – as I indicated earlier. 
We've largely covered our aluminum can side. But we do have – we've got a reasonable proportion of our juice and 
sugar costs are uncovered. So those may go up as we see the year. But we don't think that the increase – we think there 
will be an increase, we don't think it'll be material. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question is from Caroline Levy with CLSA. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Lavery>: Good afternoon, this is Michael Lavery on behalf of Caroline. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Hi, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Lavery>: Hey, how are you? 


<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Good, thanks, and you? 

<Q - Michael Lavery>: Yeah, good, thanks. Just looking at the international business, could you talk a little bit about 
how where you are now compares to where you hope to be? And I know you mentioned expanding into Poland, but 
you've had a lot of quarters with a long list of countries that you've started into, and so what's left? I know you've got a 
little bit in Asia coming, but are you getting a good reach compared to where you expect to be? Is it just a question of 
those markets maturing more now and developing? Or what's the right way to think about the trajectory there? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Well, if we take Europe, generally Western Europe we pretty much have full distribution. 
We think that we are looking at making – re-looking at the Italian market, I think there's a lot of opportunities. I think 
we're under-represented in the Italian market. We have opportunity there. Some of the other markets are starting to 
grow very nicely. We think we have a lot of growth left in markets like Spain and Germany and the U.K. where the 
brand is really doing very, very nicely, and France for that matter, those are pretty big markets. 

In Central and Eastern Europe, we are looking at some additional markets which are quite large. Poland is probably the 
second largest market in Central and Eastern Europe. In fact, if you exclude Russia, it's the largest market, but certainly 
just after Russia. And that is a very big market in relation to some of the other smaller markets that we have gone into. 

Hungary was a nice market, but they imposed a tax on energy drinks and anything with sugar, and that really has 
completely disrupted that market. So that is part of the sort of the challenges we had this year. And the fall-off in the 
fourth quarter was largely attributable – in sales in that area was attributable to that issue. But the Czech market is 
doing very nicely. So there are markets that are doing very nicely and will continue to grow. We think that we do have 
some expansion there. 

The Asian markets, we are looking at some pretty nice sized markets in Korea and Japan. There are a couple of the 
smaller ones that I indicated, which will be our smaller markets, and we are continuing to expand. 

We believe that we have a lot of upside in the Brazilian market, particularly in the other markets in South America, 
where we're at – we're pretty far advanced in having our products proved through meeting their regulatory 
requirements, and then having planning – launches planned. We've already started to trade in Colombia very nicely, 
and we're looking at Peru, Ecuador, Chile and Argentina, so we believe those will also come onstream in the 
foreseeable future. 

And those will – each of these markets just basically have their own maturity. As you get to a certain size in the market, 
you're able to actually profitably support the infrastructure we need in each market. It's the way we do business, going 
into markets with a lot of support for sampling and for those sort of local marketing activities. And so once we get over 
the initial hump, the markets start becoming more profitable quite quickly. And we've just paid our dues in a lot of the 
Central and Eastern European markets, and we are helpful that we will continue to get better results in those countries 
this year. 

<Q - Michael Lavery>: Well, that's very helpful, thanks. And one last one, I'm sorry if I might have missed you say 
this and just didn't catch it, but how are you tracking quarter-to-date on shipments so far? Because I know you've got a 
funny comparison with last year. What does that look like through the first few weeks, first half of the quarter? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: Well, we've indicated the figure was – in January was 34% higher. 

<Q - Michael Lavery>: And that's on a shipment basis? 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: That's on a shipment basis, correct. 

<Q - Michael Lavery>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Rodney Cyril Sacks>: And we're still in the middle of February. It's moving in the right – it's on a good 
trajectory, but it's very early in the month. 

<Q - Michael Lavery>: All right. That's great. Thank you. 


Operator 

This concludes the Q&A portion for this conference. At this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Rodney Sacks, 
Chairman and CEO, for closing comments. 

Rodney Cyril Sacks 

Thank you very much. Thanks very much, I know that our conference call seems to have interfered with the CAGNY 
conference, but thanks very much for taking the time to attend the call. We're pretty excited by the results that we've 
continued to able to achieve with the brand, the continued expansion of the brand, increase of sales and profitability in 
the U.S. and North American markets. And the overseas markets have taken a little bit of time to get going but they are 
starting to click into place now. We are seeing some really nice increases in market share and results coming out of 
Western Europe, and so we are pretty encouraged by those factors. You've just got to have a bit of patience. These 
things don't happen in a day. 

But we really are excited going forward by the gross sales that we've achieved in January and I repeat that we are very, 
very encouraged by our Rehab brand. The whole line is doing very well. It's been very well received by buyers and 
customers, as well as the consumer feedback we've heard is very, very positive for that line. So we're looking forward 
to having a good year this year, and thank you for your support. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in the Monster Beverage Corporation fourth quarter and year 
end 2011 financial results conference call. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Thank you 
and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


