Q1 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Rodney C. Sacks 
• Hilton H. Schlosberg 
Other Participants 

• Alec Patterson 
• Alton K. Stump 
• Mark S. Astrachan 
• John Faucher 
• Judy E. Hong 
• Kaumil S. Gajrawala 
• William B. Chappell 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Monster Beverage Corporation First Quarter 2012 Financial 
Results Conference. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode, but later we will conduct a 
question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, 
today's conference is being recorded. 

And now, I would like to introduce your host for today, Rodney Sacks, Chairman and CEO. 

Rodney C. Sacks 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for attending this call. I'm Rodney Sacks. Hilton Schlosberg, Vice 
Chairman and President, is with me; as is Tom Kelly, our Senior Vice President of Finance. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind listeners that certain statements made during the call may constitute 
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, and which are based on currently available information 
regarding the expectations of management with respect to revenues, profitability, future business, future events, 
financial performance, and trends. 

Management cautions that these statements are based on our current knowledge and expectations and are subject to 
certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside the control of the company, that may cause actual results to 
differ materially from the forward-looking statements made during this call. 

Please refer to our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Annual Report on 
Form 10-K filed on February 29, 2012, and our most recent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including the sections 
contained therein entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements, for a discussion on specific risks and 
uncertainties that may affect our performance. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 


An explanation of the non-GAAP measure of gross sales and certain expenditures, which may be mentioned during the 
course of this call, is provided in the notes designated with asterisks in the condensed consolidated statements of 
income and other information attached to the earnings release dated May 9, 2012. A copy of this information is also 
available on our website, www.monsterbevcorp.com, in the Financial Information section. 

The beverage industry generally appears to have improved in the first quarter of 2012, as evidenced by the positive 
results recently reported on by the major beverage companies. The consensus appears to be that the macroeconomic 
environment in the United States is improving, which is consistent with our experience in the first quarter. 

We are pleased to report yet again another record first quarter with gross sales up 26.9% to $517.3 million, net sales up 
27.5% to $454.6 million, and operating income up 42.8% to $126.3 million. Diluted earnings per share increased 
39.7% from $0.29 per share in the first quarter of 2011 to $0.41 per share. 

According to the Nielsen report for the 13 weeks through April 21, 2012, for all outlets combined, namely convenience, 
grocery, drug, and mass merchandisers, excluding Walmart, sales in dollars in the energy drink category, including 
shots, increased 17.6% versus the same period a year ago. Sales of Monster grew 26.2% in the 13-week period, while 
sales of Red Bull increased by 20% sales of Rockstar increased by 17.2%, and sales of 5-hour increased by 6.9%. Sales 
of AMP decreased 0.1%, sales of NOS increased 10.2% off a low base, and sales of Full Throttle decreased 0.9%. 

According to the Nielsen reports, for the four weeks ended April 21, 2012, sales of energy drinks in the convenience 
and gas channel in dollars increased by 19% over the comparable four-week period in 2011. Sales of Monster increased 
by 24.9% over last year, while sales of Red Bull increased by 23.1% over last year. Rockstar was up 14.2%, while 
5-hour was up 10%. 

According to Nielsen, for the four weeks ended April 21, 2012, Monster's market share of the energy drink category in 
the convenience and gas channel, including energy shots, in dollars increased by 1.4 points over a year ago to 30.5% 
against Red Bull's share of 32.4%, Rockstar's share of 9.4%, and 5-hour's share of 10.7%. 

According to Nielsen, in the 13 weeks ended April 21, 2012, for all outlets combined, sales of energy plus coffee drinks 
in dollars increased 22.7% over the same period last year. Java Monster was up 23% higher than last year, and 
Starbucks Doubleshot Energy was up 27.2%. 

Sales of our new non-carbonated Monster Rehab Tea + Energy line, the first SKU of which was launched by us in the 
first quarter of 2011, continues to accelerate. In the first quarter of 2012, we launched our first SKU in the Monster 
Rehab line, namely Tea + Orangeade + Energy, as well as our Ubermonster energy drinks in glass bottles. 

Monster's market share and sales in Canada continued to improve. According to Nielsen, in the convenience and gas 
channel in Canada for the 12 weeks ended March 10, 2012, the energy drink category grew 11%. Monster sales 
increased 12%, and our market share increased 0.1 points to 24.5%; while Red Bull sales increased 8%, and its market 
share decreased 1.1 points to 36%. Rockstar sales increased 43%, and its market share increased 3.7 points to 16.6%. 

We believe that Rockstar's numbers in this period in Canada were skewed due to the inclusion of sales of its Rockstar 
Recovery line this year, which were not in last year's numbers, as well as due to deep price promotions implemented by 
Rockstar in the first quarter of 2012. 

According to Nielsen, in the four weeks ended March 31, 2012, sales of energy drinks in Canada across all market 
channels grew 12.5%. Over this period, sales of Red Bull increased 13.9%, sales of Monster increased 17.4%, and sales 
of Rockstar increased 20.2%. 

According to Nielsen, sales of energy drink category in Mexico in March 2012 were 5.6% lower than in the same 
period last year. Monster's market share in Mexico in March 2012 increased by 1.2 points to 35.7% over the same 
period last year, which includes Java Monster, compared to Red Bull's share at 36.7%. Although sales of Monster in the 
energy in Mexico were 2.2% lower than last year versus sales of Red Bull, which were 22.9% lower. 

Net sales for the company's DSD segment increased 28.8% to $431.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 
2012, from $334.7 million in the same period in 2011. And contribution margin increased 35.4% from $110.1 million 


to $149.1 million. Net sales for the company's warehouse segment increased 8% to $23.4 million for the three months 
ended March 31, 2012, compared with $21.7 million for the same period in 2011. And contribution margin increased 
$2.2 million this quarter versus a loss of $0.3 million for the same quarter last year. 

For the three months ended March 31, 2012, gross sales to retail grocery, specialty chains, and wholesalers represented 
4% of gross sales, down from 5% in 2011. Gross sales through club stores, drug chains, and mass merchandisers 
represented 10% of sales, the same as in 2011. Gross sales to full service distributors represented 65% of sales, also the 
same as in 2011. Gross sales internationally increased to 19% from 18% in the same period of 2011. Other sales were 
2% for the period, the same as 2011. 

Gross sales to customers outside the United States in the first quarter of 2012 amounted to $100.6 million compared to 
$72.8 million in the same quarter in 2011. Included in such sales are sales to the company's military customers, which 
are delivered in the United States and trans-shipped to the military and their customers overseas. 

Net sales in Europe, Middle East, and Africa in the first quarter of 2012, in dollars were 53.3% higher than in the same 
period last year. Monster is continuing to gain momentum and market share in Europe. Western Europe continues to 
operate profitably and operating income improved over the same period last year. We are continuing with our 
expansion strategy into new international markets. We launched Monster Energy in Poland in the first quarter of 2012, 
and retail sales of Monster Energy commenced in Hong Kong and Macau in April 2012, and in Japan and Ecuador 
earlier this week. 

We are planning to launch Monster in Chile, Peru, Philippines, Singapore, and Taiwan, as well as additional countries 
overseas later in 2012, and in Argentina early in 2013. We're also planning to launch Monster in additional countries in 
Central and Eastern Europe later this year. 

Our planned launch of Monster in Korea in April was delayed due to product approval issues, which we are addressing. 
We believe that these issues will be resolved shortly, and we will be able to proceed with the launch of Monster in 
Korea early in the second half of 2012. 

Sales of Peace Tea ready-to-drink iced teas continued to meet and indeed exceed our expectations. In the first quarter of 
2012, gross sales of Peace Tea increased 86.4% over the same period in 2011. We recently launched three new line 
extensions, namely Cranberry Iced Tea, Pink Lemonade and Tea, and Texas-style Sweet Tea, to replace certain SKUs 
that were soft. We are continuing to build distribution and sales for Worx Energy. 

Gross profit margins achieved in the first quarter of 2012 were 53.1% versus 52.1% in the comparable quarter in 2011. 
The increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was partially attributable to increased operating efficiencies, 
product mix, and a decrease in certain product costs. Gross margins achieved for international sales other than those 
sold from the United States were lower in the first quarter of 2012 than in the comparable quarter in 2011. 

Although we have covered a large portion of our anticipated requirements for aluminum cans in 2012, and a portion of 
our anticipated requirements for apple juice and sugar, we did experience some increases in raw material costs in the 
first quarter of 2012, and expect to continue to experience limited increases during the remainder of the year. However, 
we do not believe that at current levels increases in costs of raw materials will have a material negative effect on our 
margins. 

Distribution expenses as a percentage of net sales in the first quarter were slightly higher than in the same period in 
2011. Selling expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 12.3% from 13.7% in the same period in 2011. The 
decrease in selling expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to decreases in advertising, primarily 
for Worx, and commissions, which was partially offset by increases in sponsorships, the cost of premiums, and TDMs 
in the first quarter of 2012 as compared to the same quarter in 2011. 

As previously reported, we are continuing to invest in the Monster brand internationally in Europe, the Middle East, 
Africa, Australia, and South America, particularly through trade development programs to support our distribution 
partners' respective sales forces to service and merchandise the small independent store channel. The costs of product 
sampling teams and trade development personnel are included as part of our selling expenses and do not form part of 


our payroll costs. 

General and administrative expenses, although higher in dollars, decreased marginally as a percentage of net sales in 
the quarter. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to increased payroll 
expenses and, in particular, increased costs of stock-based compensation. 

As previously reported, we are continuing to hold discussions with our distribution partner in Central and Eastern 
Europe to more equitably allocate the value chains in various countries between us. We believe that successful 
discussions, combined with reduced operating costs per case, should enable us to achieve improved operating results in 
2012 in Central and Eastern Europe. However, we have to-date not been able to arrive at an acceptable agreement with 
this distribution partner. 

Beginning the 2012 second quarter, we have managed to reduce certain operating costs in Australia and have limited 
our spend on promotional costs with our Australian distributor. As a result, we are hopeful that we will be able to 
achieve improved results in Australia in 2012 and beyond. 

Operating income was negatively affected by combined operating losses of $4.3 million for the quarter ended March 
31, 2012, from our operations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Australasia, and South America, as compared to $3.2 
million for the same period last year, the increase in which was attributable to Australia, Eastern Europe, and our 
expansion markets. 

Our effective tax rate in the 2012 first quarter was 39.9% compared with 38% in the 2011 first quarter. The increase in 
the 2012 first quarter effective tax rate was primarily the result of establishing a full valuation allowance against the 
deferred tax assets of a foreign subsidiary during the three months ended March 31, 2012, and tax rate differences 
between the different jurisdictions on certain inter-company charges. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents amounted to $391.4 million compared to $359.3 million at 
December 31, 2011. Short-term investments were $419.6 million compared to $411.3 million at December 31, 2011. 
Long-term investments comprised entirely of auction rate securities decreased from $23.2 million at December 31, 
2011 to $21.9 million. 

Trade accounts receivables are now presented on a gross basis, as are promotional allowances owed to those customers 
that the company does not allow net settlement, such as our full-service distributors. We continue to present that 
portion of the promotional allowances owed to those customers that the company allows net settlement on a net basis. 
On such basis, trade accounts receivables increased to $255.7 million from $218.1 million at December 31, 2011. 

Days outstanding for receivables consistent with the above treatment were 44.8 days at March 31, 2012, and 42.4 days 
at December 31, 2011, compared to 48.4 days at March 31, 2011. 

As sales outside the United States continue to increase as a proportion of our overall sales, days outstanding for 
receivables are expected to increase due to the different terms generally granted to customers internationally, in 
accordance with local practices in their respective countries. 

Inventories increased to $179.1 million from $155.6 million at December 31, 2011. Average days of inventory were 

75.5 days at March 31, 2012, which is higher than the 71.6 days of inventory at December 31, 2011. At March 31, 
2012, the company held auction rate securities with a face value of $29.1 million, $44.8 million at December 31, 2011, 
with an amortized cost basis of $21.9 million. 
Gross sales in April 2012 were approximately 39% higher than in April 2011. This includes opening shipments to 
establish inventory in Japan. Excluding Japan, sales are approximately 33% above last year. We're encouraged by the 
continuing strong sales that have been experienced by the company. We caution again that sales in a single month and 
over a short period are often disproportionately impacted by various factors such as, for example, selling days, days of 
the week in which holidays fall, and the timing of promotions in retail stores, and should not necessarily be imputed to, 
or regarded as indicative of results for the full quarter or any future period. During the 2012 first quarter, the company 
did not repurchase any of its shares. 


I'd like to open the floor to questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 
Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Okay. And we'll take our first question from Alec Patterson from RCM. Alec, please go ahead. 
<Q - Alec Patterson>: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Hey, just a couple of quick ones. One, when you were referencing 


the $4.3 million loss, I just wanted to make sure, we're talking about essentially all geographies outside of North 
America and Mexico? 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Not Mexico. It's all the other geographies obviously; it excludes Canada and Mexico. 
<Q - Alec Patterson>: Okay. And then do you by chance by now have any market share data for at least Western 


Europe? 


<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: We do. I don't have it handy at the moment, the most current information. It hasn't come 
through to me. I was expecting it later this week. 
<Q - Alec Patterson>: Okay. All right. And then just lastly, Rodney, the cash keeps kind of piling up. I know you've 


been in the market on occasion for the stock. Have you given any further thought to other uses of cash in terms of 
returns to shareholders or other uses at this point? What's kind of the thinking, dividends et cetera, in terms of the mix 
of thoughts. 

<A - Hilton H. Schlosberg>: Alec, this is Hilton. We have been considering various options. And we will proceed 
with our discussions in that regard. 
<Q - Alec Patterson>: More to come, is what you mean? 
<A - Hilton H. Schlosberg>: Yes. 
<Q - Alec Patterson>: Okay. All right. Thank you. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll open up our next question from Alton Stump from Longbow Research. 


<Q - Alton K. Stump>: Thank you. Good afternoon. Do you say, Rodney, that total sales were up 53%, is that what 
you said for April? 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: That is – no, no, 53% is international sales. 
<Q - Alton K. Stump>: Okay. 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: And the sales for April were 39% including the sales to Japan, and 33% if you exclude the 


sales to Japan. 
<Q - Alton K. Stump>: Okay. So as an overall company, what were sales up, sorry, in April? 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Sorry? 
<Q - Alton K. Stump>: As an overall company sales number, what were they up in April? 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: That's the 39%. 



<Q - Alton K. Stump>: Okay, 39%. Okay. And then just with that number obviously that's a pretty big acceleration 
from the growth that you saw in the first quarter. And I know you mentioned that after one month can often differ, a 
couple of various factors. But is there any single factor or two that you can point to that drove that acceleration in 
April? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: I think, again, you need to take the opening sales to Japan out, and then the number is 33%, 
which is a little higher than the average in the first quarter. But again all I can really point to are the qualifications that I 
gave in my remarks earlier, that it is one month and it has to be taken as one month. It really – one month doesn't make 
a summer. 

<Q - Alton K. Stump>: Okay. Thanks, Rodney. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan from Stifel, Nicolaus. Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: Hey. Hey, guys. Good afternoon. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Hi, Mark. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: Housekeeping, Rehab and Java Monster sales in the quarter, what were they? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: I will try and get an indication of those figures for you. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: All right, so I can ask another question in the meantime. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Why don't we talk and come back to that. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: Yeah. I guess just on an overall basis, you look across the country and it seems like you 
guys, the category maybe has been focusing a bit more on promotions in terms of two for $4. I guess I'm just curious, 
how much of that do you think has contributed to this surge in overall category growth, and obviously within your 
business in particular? But are you concerned that the consumer gets overly reliant on that? Or do you think it's actually 
a good thing for the category? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: I really – I don't believe it is that prevalent. There is, there are promotions. I just don't have a 
feeling that it has been so extraordinary that it's really even something that I've really been very conscious of. So I'm 
really not in a position to quite – because it really hasn't really featured on our radar screen as positive, negative, or 
anything of important to be really looking at, and we haven't done. So I really am not in a position to really talk because 
I would be speculating. 

<A - Hilton H. Schlosberg>: We've always done promotions, Mark. I don't see it as being more prevalent than in the 
past. 

<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: So you guys haven't stepped up any sort of promotions in the categories that are doing 
better? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: I can't give you an analysis, an exact – it's not an exact science. But when I look at our 
average pricing, for example, in convenience of the general Monster it's $0.02 lower, which to me doesn't indicate any 
sort of major change or overpromotion at all. Going back to the – just looking at our off invoice numbers as well, just 
trying to get a better handle on that. And again comparing to the last quarter of last year it's really very much in – 
almost similar in numbers. And it's lower than the third quarter of last year, which was summer. But they are lower. So 
there's nothing that's extraordinary. 

Just coming back to the Rehab, your questions on Rehab and Java. Java, these are gross numbers, I don't have them net 
at the moment. But the gross numbers were approximately $28 million in the quarter for Java and $45 million for 


Rehab. 
<Q - Mark S. Astrachan>: Great. Thanks, guys. 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Okay. 


Operator 

Okay. Thank you. And we'll take our next question from John Faucher from JPMorgan. John, please go ahead. 
<Q - John Faucher>: Thanks. Two questions here. First off, and I realize this is an inexact science. So using the 


international numbers and the total company numbers, I backed out to sort of U.S. growth in the 30% plus range for 
April. And does that seem correct? 
And then you kind of snuck in the very last sentence in the prepared remarks that you didn't buy back stock in the first 


quarter. Can you give us an indication in terms of why that was? Thanks. 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: It wasn't snuck in. It was... 
<Q - John Faucher>: Well, there was no elaboration on it. So it was the very last comment, kind of, okay, let's go to 


questions. 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: We just didn't, and I don't think there's anything that I really would care to discuss. There's 


nothing to discuss. We just looked at it. We looked at the shape, the performance in the company, and other things we 
are occupied with, and we just didn't – decided not to buy back stock in that period and didn't do so. 
<Q - John Faucher>: Okay, so... 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: We're evaluating a number of alternatives about with regard to what use we want to make of 


that cash. And so we just didn't buy back stock. So there's really nothing more I can really elaborate on that. 


<Q - John Faucher>: Okay, so nothing in terms of whether it was a legal issue or a valuation issue or anything like 
that? 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: No. 
<Q - John Faucher>: Okay. And then the first question was the sort of U.S. sort of 30% plus in April. Does that sound 


about right? 


<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: It's probably in the – it's probably in that region. But that's a very – obviously I'm sitting here 
without all the facts in front of me. It's probably in about that region. 
<Q - John Faucher>: Understandable. Okay, great. Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you, sir. And we'll take our next question from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs. Judy, please go ahead. 
<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Thanks. Hi, everyone. 
<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Hi, Judy. 
<A - Hilton H. Schlosberg>: Hi, Judy. 
<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Rodney, on Rehab, so you're going to start to lap the launch last year. So I'm just curious what 


you're kind of seeing on that brand first from an ACB perspective it looks like it's running around 84%, 85% based on 
our data, versus the core Monster grain kind of 95% plus. So when do you think you can sort of get to the core months 


or ACB for Rehab? 

And do you sense that you're actually attracting new users into the category? And with the other new SKUs that you've 
launched more recently, what sort of traction are you getting into additional shelf spaces, additional doors in some of 
the stores? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Judy, the Rehab numbers are distribution that I've got for Rehab in convenience is up to 
about 81%. It's sort of been sticking at that level for the last quarter. Absolutely Zero, which we introduced before 
Rehab, is about the 78% mark. So you know there is opportunity to expand it. But again it's not the core, so it actually 
becomes a little harder to, for whatever reason, to get it above those levels. So that's really where we are. 

So we do have an opportunity to obviously still increase, but it may – I'm looking at the graph and it sort of is flattening 
a little bit, so it's probably just a little harder to get that sort of 98% distribution level for third and fourth and fifth 
SKUs when you do have quite a selection. 

So obviously it depends on sometimes there just isn't enough shelf space allocated. In the bigger stores you've got three 
shelves or four shelves, and I'm sure you can get a lot in, it's a lot easier. In some small stores where there're one or two 
shelves, the guys are going to make a choice because we have a big, basically, portfolio in the Monster range. And I'm 
just seeing that it's sort of at that 80%, 81% level in the three months. Obviously we're going to look to try and increase 
it, but that is where it is at. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Okay. And then internationally, so in April you said Japan expansion added about 6 points to 
your sales growth. It sounds like that's a pretty big number for one market. So can you kind of frame for us, I mean is 
Japan, just given the size of the category, a pretty big market that you needed to see that step up in terms of expansion? 
Can you just give us some flavor of why that number was pretty big? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: I think the reason is that our distribution partner, and as in line with traditional Japanese 
tradition, they are very precise in their analyses of the market, what is the potential. We're producing the product here, 
so there's a long lead time to produce it, ship it, and have it examined and checked and inspected. And they're very, 
very – it's a very pedantic and very slow exercise. So there was a large opening order placed in order to ensure that 
sufficient inventory was on hand in Japan and available as back up inventory, et cetera. 

The other thing is that in Japan they are very efficient. Literally we sold yesterday for the first day, and we literally 
have 90% distribution in almost all of the convenience chains there, literally within the first day. That's something that 
in the most efficient markets otherwise we don't achieve in even six months. And so they really had a large opening 
inventory. Obviously the – so the issue is how fast it'll turn, repeat orders, and go forward? 

So the market is a not a large market, but it is a nice market. We believe that it's capable of growing into a large market. 
And so obviously we're excited about the Japanese market and the launch. But that is especially why we refer to these 
figures, because it's an unusual position for us to have this level of opening orders even in a market that size. The 
opening orders were very much larger than we would have ordinarily have put into a similar size market. All right. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Okay. Next I've got – and lastly, I missed your answer to John's question about the buyback. Did 
you say that you didn't buy back in the quarter? Was there any legal constraints in terms of your ability to buy back 
[indiscernible] (31:50)? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: No, we don't have any legal or other constraints. It was simply a question of us evaluating, 
looking at a number of other alternatives, evaluating where we really just didn't make the decision to actually go ahead 
with the buyback. 

<Q - Judy E. Hong>: Okay got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Okay. Thank you. And we'll go with our next question from Kaumil Gajrawala from UBS. 


<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: Hey, good afternoon, guys. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: [indiscernible] (32:20). 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: If I could also ask about the cash balance for May. You've got about over $800 million 
on your balance sheet. You're generating about $350 million a year. I know you're not ready to make an announcement, 
but in the past you've said that dividends were, in the past being about three years ago, that dividends were out of the 
question. Given where you are now, on how you see the next couple of years playing themselves out? And also the 
reluctance to maybe do a buyback, can you talk about how you're thinking about dividends? 

<A - Hilton H. Schlosberg>: I mentioned earlier, Kaumil, that the board is considering a number of alternatives and 
those discussions are progressing. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: I think there's been no change, though, in our basic philosophy, we're not – it doesn't mean 
we would rule out a dividend forever, but certainly it's not on our radar at the moment. I think what's more likely 
ultimately is to use that cash to buy back shares or for other purposes. We're just looking at other options before we 
commit to a buyback – a new buyback program. 

<Q - Kaumil S. Gajrawala>: Okay. Got it. And then you talked a bit about some new efficiencies, some streamlining. 
Can you talk about maybe specifically about the U.S. and where profitability has been trending in the U.S.? Because 
with the big rollout in international, it's been a little harder to see how things have been progressing in the United 
States. So could you maybe give some context on that? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: The U.S. has been pretty constant. Our margins have been reasonably stable, and we've been 
able to generally keep ourselves within a pretty close range. We've continued to obviously invest in the brand as we've 
continued to increase and roll out new products. So some of the new product investments may have partially gone to 
offset some of the savings in efficiencies we would have on some of the older brands. I am not sure how else to answer 
your question other than to really say it's been consistent, it's remained profitable, and I don't see much of a change in 
either the gross margins or operating margins. 

There are differences in quarters because of timing and because of particular programs, when we sometimes frontload a 
promotion, or higher as a percentage in a first quarter where your sales are lower and they're lower than in the summer. 
But other than those, there are not major swings that have really been – have had any real significance. The swings 
have really come from, obviously, the investments and the launches from time to time overseas and issues we've had 
with that. 

And so we've been – and those are continually starting to settle down and starting to getting more into a growth mode 
and a profitable mode as I indicated for, for example, Western Europe, which is our main area outside of the U.S. I'm 
excluding Canada and Mexico. They've been – we've had business there for some time, and they both have been 
profitable for a number of years. 

Operator 

Okay. Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Bill Chappell from SunTrust. Please go ahead, Bill. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Hi, good afternoon. 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Good afternoon, Bill. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Just a little color on a couple things. One, and maybe I missed it, you had talked about the 
Mexican market being down year-over-year, can you maybe give us a little color on that? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: Yeah, the actual energy drink market in Mexico – again, on the Mexican numbers, we get our 
Nielsen and compare literally it's one month – month to month. So we – this month it was March of this year versus 
March last year. And again those numbers tend to jump around a little bit depending on whether there are promotions 


by either the largest player and competitor to us, which is either Red Bull or ourselves. 

The market is very largely influenced by the OXXO chain. They have a very significant percentage share of the market. 
And again by just doing a promotion whether it's Red Bull or us in OXXO, really skews that market, either literally can 
push it up or down. And they did have some tax issues. They introduced a tax on energy drinks, that had a little bit of a 
dampening effect. As to how you deal with it, we sort of reformulated our product. And that was I think last year, and 
we sort of did see a sort of a reasonably good increase in our sales. 

So this was just the category is just sort of – it's been up and down like this in the last few months. So it's down 5% 
roughly, and we have actually increased share, although our actual sales levels are marginally down. But again, I think 
it can change from month-to-month quite dramatically depending on whether we implement a promotional program 
with OXXO; it has a very big influence on those numbers. The key for us is really more of the market share-ish 
information, and we think that the category will ultimately start to grow or show growth again later in the year. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Got it. And since we're talking about [ph] covering (37:55) countries such as Japan, is 
there a way now as you're getting into it to quantify what the potential is? I mean, is it bigger than Mexico? Is it more 
like a Canada? I mean, how should we look at that in terms of the opportunity? 

<A - Rodney C. Sacks>: You really can't compare it, apples and pears, another part of the world with a whole different 
buying philosophy and a different thought. The category at the moment is thought to be about 2.5 million cases, maybe 
a little bigger, maybe 3 million cases. And it has been growing, but that's what I would define as the Western, modern 
energy category. There has always been an energy or energy-type category in Japan in traditional energy for many, 
many decades. They're usually little vials, 2 ounces, 2.5 ounces, small glass bottles or other containers, or plastic 
containers, and that's been around for a long time. 

That category is probably as big as a 50 million case category. The questions is, how and what – how long will it take 
for the Japanese consumer to be partially converted from traditional energy to modern energy. And then how many new 
consumers who are not in the traditional energy category now can you actually – by having different products, different 
flavors, we believe that will help stimulate attention to the category and bring in new consumers in Japan. 

And then there is a big market, and we believe that can grow, but we're in the area of guessing at the moment because 
we only have those facts, roughly. But we think that there is a lot of potential, but it's going take some time to grow into 
that potential, and then see what we can do. But those are the two sources we would hope to draw from in order to 
increase the base energy category. And we hope to obviously then participate in that quite at a high sort of share. 

So we're hopeful for it, but we really don't have statistics that I can give you that are reliable. It's absolutely different to 
Canada and Mexico. Those markets are very much closer to the U.S. Their beverage consumption patterns are closer to 
the U.S., whereas Japan I think is a much more traditional and a very different market. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Thanks. And, Hilton, did you give the tax rate for the full year? 

<A - Hilton H. Schlosberg>: We gave a tax rate for the quarter. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Could you give us an idea for the full year? 

<A - Hilton H. Schlosberg>: I'd like to take that question under advisement. We – this quarter was affected by the 
establishment of the full valuation allowance against deferred tax asset of the foreign subsidiary. At this time, we 
expect that the tax rate probably will be comparable to the previous year, but like to take that under advisement. 

<Q - William B. Chappell>: Okay. Thank you. Thanks. 

Operator 

Okay, thank you. And that does allow all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the conference 
back to Rodney for any concluding remarks. Please go ahead. 


Rodney C. Sacks 

Thanks once again. We are very gratified by the performance of the category and our company, particularly the 
Monster brand in this first quarter. We've given you the indication of ourselves in April, so we're positive going 
forward. And we're also very excited about the Rehab line. Again, just to repeat, I mean, even the Peace Tea line has 
really started to come into its own, and we think that also can develop into a very nice brand for the company going 
forward. 

So we're going to just keep our heads down, and we carry on trading. We're also hopeful for Europe, also starting to 
perform really very nicely. And hopefully we'll be in a position to report continuing good results when we report in the 
next quarter. 

Thank you very much for your attendance and speak to you soon. Thanks, bye. 

Operator 

Okay, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference. You may now disconnect and have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


