Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations 
• Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer 
Other Participants 

• James Schneider 
• Craig Berger 
• Randy Abrams 
• Sukhi Nagesh 
• Shawn Webster 
• Sanjay Devgan 
• Nicholas Aberle 
• Uche Orji 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q2 2010 Marvell Technology Group Limited earnings conference 
call. My name is Anita and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We 
will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, 
this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 

Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Anita, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the Marvell Technology Group's fiscal second quarter 
2010 earnings call. I am Jeff Palmer, Marvell's Senior Director of Investor Relations, and with me on the call today is 
Dr. Sehat Sutardja, Marvell's Chairman, President, and CEO; and Clyde Hosein, Marvell's CFO and Interim COO. All 
of us will be available during the Q&A portion of the call today. 

If you have not obtained a copy of our current press release, it can be found at our company website under the Investor 
Relations section at www.marvell.com. Additionally, this call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 
our corporate website. 

Please be reminded that this call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could 
cause Marvell's results to differ materially from management's current expectations, including our expectations about 
our product sales and general market trends, statements regarding our financial projections for the third fiscal quarter of 
2010, our expectations regarding the current economic environment, and impacts to industry demand. 

To fully understand the risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ from our outlook, please refer to 
Marvell's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a detailed description of our business and 


associated risks. Please be reminded that Marvell undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any 
forward-looking statements. 

During our call today, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude stock-based 
compensation expense as well as charges related to acquisitions, restructuring, gains, and other charges that are driven 
primarily by discrete events that management does not consider to be directly related to Marvell's core operating 
performance. Pursuant to Regulation G, Marvell has provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to 
the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our second fiscal quarter 2010 earnings press release, which has been 
furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on Marvell's website in the Investor Relations section at 
www.marvell.com. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Sutardja. Sehat? 

Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. Today we reported fiscal second quarter of 2010 revenues of $641 million, 
reflecting a 23% sequential increase, better than our revised guidance provided on June 22. We are pleased with the 
revenue growth we delivered in the second quarter as we experienced improving order momentum throughout the 
quarter. Our visibility into future demand is beginning to incrementally improve and we are encouraged by the level of 
order stabilization. 

Our results within the second quarter demonstrate our continued focus on financial discipline as nearly all profitability 
metrics and cash flow generation improved significantly. During our second quarter, on a non-GAAP basis we reported 
gross margin of 55%, the highest level we have reported since the first quarter of fiscal 2003, and that is nearly seven 
years ago. 

We continue to keep discretionary operating expenses under tight control, delivering operating margins of about 20%, 
and generated $175 million in free cash flow or the equivalent of 27% free cash flow margin during the quarter. 

These are excellent results, which we believe clearly demonstrate our focused efforts to achieve best-in-class financial 
performance. We are ahead of plan on achieving our stated long-term operating targets, a significant accomplishment 
given the challenging economic environment we have operated within over the last 12 months. 

I would now like to review the performance achieved in our various addressable markets. During the second quarter, 
25% of the sequential revenue growth came from new products and made up approximately 5% of our total revenue. 
To be clear, we are defining new products as complete new devices launched during this fiscal year. Looking out into 
our third quarter, we anticipate this trend will accelerate as new products should contribute nearly half of our sequential 
revenue growth and represent just over 10% of our total revenue. 

The sale of products in our storage end markets grew over 20% on a sequential basis, contributing approximately half 
of our total revenues. We anticipate the sale of products to our storage customers should improve sequentially by low to 
mid-single digits during our third fiscal quarter, in line with the projected unit growth rate of the overall hard disk drive 
[HDD] industry. 

We continue to make very good progress expanding our market share with new and existing storage customers. Within 
the hard drive market, our customers continue to provide very positive feedback on the performance of our LDPC [Low 
Density Parity Check] read-channel technology. This is a critical technology for the production of higher density in 
next-generation 2.5-inch mobile drives. We continue to believe the timing of the incremental share gains in a few 
customers, which we previously announced, will begin to materialize some time beginning in the mid calendar 2010. 

Within the emerging solid-state drive market, we are on track this year to nearly double our analyzer revenue from the 
sale of solid-state or SSD controllers. However, we believe it is important to keep in perspective the size of the SSD 
market, which this year is forecast to be less than 1% the size of the overall HDD market on a unit basis. 


Another point which is often overlooked when discussing the SSD market is the cost of the NOR NAND Flash, which 
has been and will continue to be volatile. Over the last year, the cost per gigabyte of NAND Flash has been at 
unsustainably low levels and has only recently returned to more justifiable levels. This variability in Flash memory 
pricing will continue to have a direct impact on the price and therefore the adoption rate of solid-state drives within the 
various consumer markets. 

On the other hand, in the enterprise side of the SSD market where the performance benefits delivered can justify the 
cost, almost all major storage system OEMs have announced SSD-based products. We are well positioned to participate 
in both of these markets, and we continue to see interesting applications for our SSD controllers. 

Now turning to products in our mobile and wireless end market, revenue was up about 20% sequentially, and 
contributed approximately 20% of our total revenues. We expect revenues in this end market to grow by at least 
another 20% in our third fiscal quarter, highlighting the clear market acceptance of our embedded wireless applications 
and communication processor products. 

During the quarter, we experienced over 100% growth in the demand for our 11n Wi-Fi devices in the printer and 
enterprise end markets. Additionally, we experienced significant growth during the quarter for our new Wi-Fi plus 
Bluetooth devices, and we continue to introduce additional variants of multifunction combo devices. Yet demand for 
our mature and industry leading embedded 11g devices continues both for the new as well as the existing designs. 

An example of a unique application is the Novatel wireless MiFi 2200, which is the world's first mobile intelligent 
hotspot. This device is just slightly larger than a credit card and allows a user at the touch of a button to create a 
personal cloud of high-speed wireless Internet connectivity, connecting simultaneously up to five Wi-Fi enabled 
devices. The MiFi 2200 is an 11g Wi-Fi based device with a 3G cellular based RAID chip that allows users to connect 
to 3G wireless networks to access the Internet while on the go. 

Within our application processor portfolio, we are making excellent progress with our product roadmap of 
high-performance application processors. Customer acceptance and interest is strong in various end markets, including 
digital picture frames, multifunction printers, electronic books or e-books, smart books, and video telephony systems. 
We believe we are only beginning to scratch the surface of the opportunities our application processor can address. 

Within our communication processor portfolio, we are making great progress winning new programs with existing 
customers, executing to our new product roadmap, and in our new customer engagement efforts. While our position to 
not pre-announce products to our customer engagement may seem unusual, we would rather be prudent in our public 
statements until our customers announced their products first. 

I continue to stress that the cellular business is a market where success cannot be measured in months or even quarters. 
Regardless, we continue to believe we're implementing the right strategy, which will lead to long-term market success 
for Marvell. 

Now I would like to discuss our efforts in the networking end markets. The sales of our networking products increased 
greater than 10% sequentially and represented approximately 20% of total sales. As we have mentioned previously, we 
are in the early stages of a long-term growth period for our networking business. Consequently, we anticipate sales of 
networking products during our third fiscal quarter should grow again in the low double-digit range. We see our market 
share increasing in multiple areas. We are experiencing very positive traction with our flagship Prestera switching 
product family, which delivers excellent performance relative to competitive solutions. 

Additionally, with our Kirkwood and Discovery Innovation series of single and multi-core processor products, we are 
experiencing strong adoption rates. As an example, our low power gigabit-class single-core Kirkwood processor is at 
the heart of the revolution in small form factor computing. These small flat computers are enabling cloud-based 
applications by the thousands. We have already shipped several thousand flat computer development systems with the 
application development community expanding at a viral rate. This is a unique CPU platform which is in reality a mini 
home server. 


Flat computers deliver PC like computing performance, connectivity to a network, and peripherals combined with 
embedded memory, all within practically the size of a cell phone AC adapter while consuming less than two watts. The 
applications possibilities are only limited by the imagination of the developers. 

In summary, I believe Marvell continues to expand its share in existing and new target markets. I'm proud of our 
performance and also our employees in this challenging period, and I'm optimistic about the future of Marvell. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Clyde to review our financial results for the second quarter and to provide our 
current outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2010. 

Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Sehat, and good afternoon everyone. As Sehat mentioned, fiscal Q2 revenues came in at approximately 641 
million, representing a 23% sequential increase over fiscal Q1 2010 and a reduction of 24% from the same period a 
year ago. As Sehat mentioned, our overall revenue performance was better than we had anticipated in our initial 
guidance as well as when we updated our guidance on June 22. 

Our non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 55.3%, an increase of 375 basis points from the first quarter 
and up 305 basis points from the same period a year ago. This was higher than the midpoint of our earlier projected 
range of 51.7% to 52.7%. These results also puts us above our long-term gross margin target of 53 to 55%, which we 
provided to you only six months ago. The sequential improvement in our gross margin is a reflection of the cost 
reduction programs we initiated during the downturn combined with ongoing improvements in operational execution 
and to some degree product mix. This is the highest level of gross margin since the first quarter of fiscal 2003, seven 
years ago. 

Our overall operating expense for the first quarter on a non-GAAP basis were 228 million, which was in line with our 
earlier projected range of 220 to 230 million. R&D expenses for the quarter were 172 million, a decline of about 3% on 
a sequential basis and a reduction of over 20% from the same period a year ago. SG&A expenses for the quarter were 
approximately 56 million, down 1% sequentially and a decrease of about 10% year on year. 

This resulted in non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 20%, up about 13 points from the approximately 7% 
operating margin reported in the prior quarter and slightly better than the same period a year ago, albeit on lesser 
revenues. 

Net interest expense and other income was a benefit of approximately two million, better than our prior expectations. 

Tax expense was approximately nine million during the second quarter, above our prior guidance of four to six million 
expense. The increase in tax expense was due to a combination of improved revenues and a change in the tax rate in 
one of our foreign operating jurisdictions. 

Our non-GAAP net income for the fiscal second quarter was approximately 119 million or $0.18 per diluted share, an 
improvement of $0.13 or nearly four times our performance in the last quarter. During the same period a year ago, we 
earned 154 million or $0.24 per share. 

The shares to compute diluted non-GAAP net income per share during the second quarter were approximately 652 
million, up from 637 million shares in the prior quarter and higher than the 640 million shares reported in the year-ago 
period. Changes in diluted share count are primarily due to shares issued in the periods, variations in average and 
ending share trading prices in the reporting periods reflected in the treasury method of computing diluted share count. 

Let me now summarize our results on a GAAP basis. We generated a GAAP net profit of approximately 58 million or 
$0.09 per share in the second quarter as compared to a loss of $0.18 per share we reported in our first quarter of fiscal 
2010, and lower than the profit of $0.11 per share we recorded in the same period a year ago. The sequential 
improvement in our GAAP earnings was a result of better than anticipated revenue growth, improved cost control 
yielding better gross margin, and solid operating expense control. 


The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results during the second quarter of fiscal 2010 was due to 
stock-based compensation expense of approximately 30 million or $0.05 per diluted share. Amortization of intangibles 
represented approximately 26 million or $0.04 per diluted share, approximately five million in restructuring charges or 
less than $0.01 per diluted share. 

Our stock-based compensation during the quarter was lower by approximately two million or 5% on a sequential basis, 
and down nearly 18 million or 37% on a year-over-year basis. On a rolling four- quarter basis, we have lowered our 
stock-based compensation expense by approximately 72 million or 33% versus the prior four-quarter period. 

We continue to believe our ongoing stock option expense should be in the range of 30 to 35 million per quarter over the 
remainder of fiscal 2010 as compared to 40 to 45 million per quarter in the last fiscal year. Further, we anticipate 
amortization of intangible assets to average approximately 25 million per quarter over the remainder of the fiscal year. 

Now I'd like to review our balance sheet as of the end of our fiscal second quarter. Cash, cash equivalents, and 
short-term investments were approximately 1.3 billion, up approximately 196 million sequentially and up 390 million 
from the same period a year ago, even as we paid off almost 300 million in debt during that same period. 

Cash flow from operations for our second quarter was approximately 182 million as compared to 145 million reported 
in the first quarter and essentially flat from the same period a year ago, even on the lower revenue levels. Free cash 
flow for our second fiscal quarter, defined as cash from operations less CapEx and less acquisition of acquired IP, was 
175 million, representing a 27% free cash flow margin, an improvement of 33% sequentially from the 132 million in 
the first quarter of fiscal 2010 and 6% improvement from the 166 million in free cash flow reported in the year-ago 
period. In the last four consecutive quarters, we generated an impressive 644 million of free cash flow or approximately 
26% of revenues. 

Accounts receivable was 328 million, up about 43 million sequentially, reflecting the higher revenue levels, and down 
approximately 142 million from the year-ago period. DSO was 44 days, essentially flat sequentially and down two days 
from the same period a year ago. 

Net inventories at the end of the second quarter were 211 million, up from the 204 million reported in the first quarter, 
a 4% sequential increase. Net inventories declined 116 million or 35% on a year-on-year basis. Days of inventory were 
66 days, down 25 days sequentially from the 91 days reported in the previous quarter and down 13 days from the 
year-ago period. We expect to increase our absolute net inventory in the third quarter due to improved order patterns, 
better confidence in the end markets, as well as to improve our customer serviceability. On a days of inventory basis, 
this is the lowest inventory level we have had since the third quarter of fiscal 2006. 

Accounts payable was 269 million, up 102 million sequentially due to increased volumes and extended payments to 
suppliers as we look to improve our working capital management. This was up 32 million on a year-on-year basis. 
Days payable was 69 days, up approximately 15 days sequentially from the 54 days in Q1 and up 23 days from the 46 
days reported in the year-ago period. 

I would like to thank all employees of Marvell for their dedication, focus, and execution as these results are a clear 
testament to the hard work and financial discipline of all of our employees. 

Now I would like to provide an update on our current projections for the third fiscal quarter of 2010. We currently 
project third quarter revenues in the range of 680 to 730 million or a sequential increase of 6 to 14%. At the midpoint of 
this range, this represents an increase of about 10% sequentially. We currently anticipate that our revenue from all of 
our addressable end markets to grow sequentially. At the midpoint of our guidance, about a third of the sequential 
improvement will come from the mobility market, about a quarter from the networking market, and about a quarter 
from the storage market, and the remainder from our other addressable end markets. 

We currently project non-GAAP gross margin in the range of 55% plus or minus 50 basis points, sustaining the levels 
achieved in the previous quarter and in line with the target model. 

We currently anticipate non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately 235 million plus or minus five million. At 
the midpoint of our guidance, this is an increase of about seven million or 3% from the last quarter and a decrease of 


12% from the same period a year ago. At the midpoint of our guidance, we anticipate R&D expenses to be 
approximately 185 million and SG&A expenses of approximately 50 million. 

As we move forward, the moderate increase in operating expenses we must incur are not structural additions to our 
business. We're approaching operating expense expansion as variable based contingent on improved revenue growth 
and improved operating leverage. As this view pertains to the midpoint of our Q3 guidance, we are guiding to revenues 
to increase 10% sequentially while operating expenses are only increasing 3%, which in turn should drive better than a 
20% sequential improvement in operating profit and improvement in operating margin. This is a clear demonstration of 
the strong long-term operating leverage our business model can deliver. 

The combination of interest expense and other income together should net out to approximately zero as the effects of 
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates offset earned interest in our cash balance. 

The effective non-GAAP tax expense should be approximately six to nine million. We currently believe the diluted 
share count will be approximately 660 million shares. We currently project non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.18 
to $0.26 income per share. 

On the balance sheet, we currently expect to generate about 50 million in free cash flow during the quarter, primarily as 
we increase working capital to support the improved demand environment. We anticipate the cash balance to be about 

1.3 billion excluding any special items or M&A activity. 
Our anticipated cash balance in the fiscal third quarter will reflect the payment of approximately 88 million in 
conjunction with our previously announced settlements of historical derivative shareholder lawsuits. 

We currently expect our GAAP EPS to be lower than our non-GAAP EPS by about $0.09 per share plus or minus 
$0.01. About $0.04 of this is related to amortization of intangibles and $0.05 in stock-based compensation expense. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Anita? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of James Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. I guess first off from the structural 
standpoint on the gross margins, is there any reason why we wouldn't expect gross margins to hang in there towards the 
higher end of your target range of 53 to 55% for the foreseeable future? How should we think about that in terms of 
cost benefits or any mix changes you might see going forward? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: Thank you, Jim. I think the 
management team and our operations team have done a terrific job of getting it here, and the intention is to keep it 
there. The things that would – as you know in our guidance, we guided essentially flat plus or minus, so we are 
sustaining that. Our intention is to keep it – things that keep would fluctuate with the mix. A wide variety of products 
have a range, some products higher, some products lower. That's probably the biggest impact of our gross margins in 
the foreseeable future. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Fair enough. And then on the OpEx side for R&D, do you think you have enough R&D 
spending at this point to finance the development initiatives you have in mind right now? I know you talked about 
certainly growing revenues and margin faster than OpEx, but do you think you have roughly the right level of R&D at 
this point? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I think one could argue that we have 
one of the largest R&D investment in the industry, so I will say that we have plenty of R&D. Are we missing a few 
things that we could have invested? Yes, of course; there are always things that – additional stuff to invest, and we 


continue to look into that. And as we see the opportunity to acquire the right talent, we will do so. But in general, you 
should feel comfortable that we practically have everything that -most of the things that we need in the business that we 
are in. 

<Q - James Schneider>: I understand. And maybe if I could just sneak one last one in, can you talk about the total 
level of enterprise exposure you had in the current quarter and what you're seeing from your enterprise customers with 
respect to their outlook heading into the end of this year and then potentially into 2010? 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations>: Clyde, why don't you take over? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: Enterprise – I think we call 
it networking, is included in that end market, Jim, about 20% of our revenues. We guided up 10% or low double digits, 
slightly better than 10% this quarter, so we continue to see that. Beyond that, I think it's hard for us to say. Having said 
that, a fair amount of the growth we've experienced in the last two or three quarters is really the reflection of 
technology and development we've been working over the last few years and acceptance of that technology in the 
enterprise space. So I think regardless of end markets, you should see continued growth from the acceptance of the 
these excellent products in the market space. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Great, thanks very much. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations>: Operator, we'll take another call please. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger of FBR Capital. Please proceed. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thanks for taking my question, guys, and congrats on the strong results. I guess I had a question 
on the combos. Can you talk about whether you're getting revenues for those products now, maybe who some of your 
customers are or what type of devices you're selling into and kind of growth expectations there? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, so the combos that we mentioned 
ramping up was the Wi-Fi plus Bluetooth device. We also mentioned that we continue to introduce additional variants 
of combo devices, things that include FM radios and so forth and so on for example. So those things will ramp up in the 
next – obviously in the next six months to nine to a year. So in terms of customers, we cannot be specific. We don't 
want to be pre-announcing those customers. Anything else that you want to add, Clyde? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: No, I think that business has 
grown very well for us, 20% last quarter in mobility and wireless. And I think it expected to grow by the same rate in 
the coming quarter, so excellent growth rate. Craig, unfortunately a lot of these new things are from new products, and 
consistent with our policy, we don't disclose customers unless they agree. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Great. And just as a follow-up question, can you talk about whether you're seeing shortages for 
hard drives or hard drive chips out there, and potentially what the implication might be as we look to the fourth quarter? 
I know it's a little early on 4Q, but any visibility would be great, especially on the hard drive side. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I can answer a little bit of that, and then 
Clyde can follow it up. I think in the last quarter or so when the economy started to recover, we did see such tightness 
obviously in our supply chain because a lot of our people – a lot of customers did not anticipate the strength of the 
recovery. So the good thing is I think to mention is – the good thing is okay, we were able to in most instances 
practically be able to serve our customers' last minute requirements. So that's good, actually good news, because it 
continued to show the strength of our operational team. Clyde, do you want to add something on top of that? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: Craig, it's hard for us to 
comment about shortages in drives, but I completely agree with what Sehat said. We've had some spot shortages here 
and there. I indicated in my presentation we had increased our wafer starts in that space, and have that continue and 


then grow some inventory. But the spot shortages we don't believe affected our customers, and I don't know what the 
story is on the end market hard disk drive inventory. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Randy Abrams of Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q - Randy Abrams>: Yes, hi, good afternoon, guys. Last year at this time, you were conservative on the holiday 
outlook. I'm curious with the higher base going into October, are you trying to keep expectations or assumptions 
conservative beyond that into the slow season? I see you're building inventory. Is that an expectation for any company 
specific or market ramps going into the slow season? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: I was waiting for that 
question, Randy. We feel much better about it this year than the same time a year ago. From a macro point of view, we 
are coming off lows in the first half as opposed to a year ago when we headed into the storm. We felt like the storm is 
behind us now as opposed to ahead of us a year ago, so that makes us feel good. It seems to us that consumer sentiment 
is improving even here in the U.S. where it's probably the biggest hit. There is still a question on the timing and 
trajectory of a recovery, but we think this will continue until people see sustained concrete evidence. 

From Marvell's point of view, we feel very good, even better. First, we're coming off a quarter where we posted over 
20% sequential growth, and we feel good about a double-digit growth again in the next quarter. In the last year, we've 
adjusted our cost structure substantially at. Our team has done an excellent job delivering excellent gross and operating 
margins and free cash flow margins. So we feel good about what we've done, we feel good about the structure we have. 
We believe as we grow revenues, we have good leverage in the business model and our margins can expand as we 
described in Q3. 

And finally, our technology and products are getting great customer acceptance and we are seeing the benefits on this 
in the current environment. So when you aggregate everything, the improving external environment and the significant 
improvement we've made here at Marvell, we feel very good. But beyond this quarter, I think not much more we can 
add other than I think sentiment this year is better than a year ago. 

<Q - Randy Abrams>: Okay and maybe a follow-up on the hard drives. I think earlier in the call you said you 
expected low/mid-single digit growth. I was curious about that outlook if it's a timing difference where you grew 
potentially ahead of the PC market as a number of companies in the supply chain are still talking about double-digit 
growth in their forward outlook. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we're just projecting the growth 
rate of the market actually overall. So the market includes the PCs and the non-PC markets. So the markets may grow 
bigger in there but we don't know until it happens, until it materializes. If it happens, we just have to make sure that we 
have enough inventories on hand to take care of those possibilities. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: Right. Craig, if I may add, 
keep in mind we have a slightly different quarter close than some of our customers, so I wouldn't expect to see an exact 
correlation between our storage and some of that. The second thing, we're on consignment so customers flow on 
demand and that makes it difficult to project exactly. But as Sehat mentioned, it's consistent with what we're seeing, 
and we're preparing for it. In case it's better, we can respond to our customers. 

<Q - Randy Abrams>: Okay and one final question on the OpEx. You mentioned you're expanding it back a bit. How 
should we think about it over the next few quarters? You mentioned contingent on revenues, but is there a baseline 
projection for percent growth or so per quarter as you start to ramp back up? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: No, I don't think there's any 
baseline there. I think as both Sehat and I indicated, we feel good about the structure we have now. We'll invest 


opportunistically. But as you grow your revenues if that happens beyond the next quarter, there will be some variable 
improvements that we need to make and then we need to reward employees as well as we go along in that space. But 
there is no formula to use. You could probably the formula in this current quarter as best. It does fluctuate. Tape-outs 
could tend to fluctuate, tend to be – in some quarters, you have a lot of tape-outs, some quarters you may not. So 
around this structural level I think is where we want to keep it. 

<Q - Randy Abrams>: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations>: Operator, we'll take the next question, please. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Sukhi Nagesh of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 

<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Thanks for taking my question. Hey, Clyde, just a question on the gross margin there. As you 
come out of this recession, is there a new way that you'll be thinking about your long-term gross margin target? The 
reason I asked that is, as you look across the spectrum of the competition be it on the hard disk drive side or on the 
foundry side, you have a shrinkage of capacity. Do you think that coming out of this recession that you might have to 
revisit your gross margin levels upwards or leave it where it is, any comments there? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: Sukhi, thank you. We gave 
– our policy is to give this at the beginning of the fiscal year when we reported our results, so we'll stick to that change. 
We provided this range six months ago and we've already achieved it, which is I think a testament to our operational 
team. I think we'll stick to that. We need to watch this space, there is a lot moving. Six months ago, I think things were 
a lot different. It has been six months but only six months, so I think we need to watch that space. We need to help our 
customers with helping them driving their improvements as well. So I don't think right now we'll update that model. 
We'll update you in about six months again. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, and then in terms of R&D, Sukhi, 
our goal is always to build products that can integrate more functionality, so the overall cost to our customers will 
continue to go down. As long as we're able to give more value for our products to our customers, then we can maintain 
the gross margin level that we have today. So Marvell, as you know, is very focused on the technology – driving the 
technology, driving the integration. So those are I think the most important part as it relates to our customers. And the 
rest of the stuff will just fall through naturally. 

<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Great. In that context, Sehat, I mean you mentioned earlier on the call that about 5% of your 
total sales in the quarter was from new products, and you expect that to double in the current quarter. Can you maybe 
expand a little bit on that and talk about what these new products are, what areas you're targeting, and how you see 
that? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: One example are the things we talked 
about already. We have new combo devices that we are introducing, sampling to customers, or even things that are still 
in pipeline that we're just about to tape out. The other devices will be next generation application processors, driven by 
some application processors for different markets, for cell phones, for digital picture frames, for all the different 
markets, MIDs, smart books, e-books. So some of these devices are being introduced, have been sampled. Some of 
them are in the pipeline waiting for tape-outs. So those are the things that will drive our – that we consider new devices. 

There will be other types of devices that probably I don't want to talk about yet at this point, but we are busy also 
working on those devices. And those will be something that particularly will be important for our revenue growth like 
two, three years down the road. So we're building pipelines of new devices as a company because we want to make 
sure that Marvell, when we talk to our customers, they will think of us as a single stop, one-stop shop hopefully for 
everything they need with exceptions of components that we don't build like DRAMs or LCDs or something – 
batteries. But if it's electronics that we can integrate, that's what we want to provide all the solutions to them. So this is 
why we believe the opportunities for growth for us are actually very good in the next several years. 


<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Okay. One final question I have on the mobile side, thanks. There is some recent chatter about 
one of your competitors getting back into RIM in most recent product refreshes there at your expense. Do you have any 
comment on that? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Could you be more specific into like 
what are the chatters? 

<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Just in terms of some of the newer products that were introduced, either on Sprint or on Verizon 
which previously had your product in there, were refreshed with your competitor's product. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So probably that's a 
misconception. Verizon is on the CDMA network, so we do not build any products for RIM on the CDMA network. So 
we do build products basically on the 3G networks, the worldwide 3G network for RIM. And we are very well 
positioned on the worldwide 3G network solution for RIM. On the CDMA side, we don't play in that market, so I don't 
know how can we lose that. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations>: Operator, we'll take the next question, please. Thanks, 
Sukhi. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster of JPMorgan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yes, thank you for taking my questions. Clyde, the last couple of quarters you talked about 
your entering backlog in the quarter. Do you have an update for us there? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, a typical backlog in a 
typical quarter, if you want to call these times typical, is about 65 to 70% coverage. We entered this quarter about 10%, 
maybe a little bit better higher, and that's sustained since then, so that's pretty much what we laid out. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: So 75 to 80? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, 65 to 70 plus 10. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, got it. And then if you'll permit me, I'd like to dissect the gross margin change a little bit 
more. You guys obviously did a very good job, and it was significantly better than what you saw at the start of the 
quarter. It sounds like mix was not a big part of it. Can you help us understand what specifically drove the upside 
relative to your expectations? Was it lower wafer costs or maybe even segment color on which segments drove the 
gross margin upside? Thank you. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: It was operational 
performance as we described on our prepared statements. You're correct, mix was less of an issue. As far as to the 
forecast, good question, but when we gave our forecast three months ago, the revenue projection was 540 to 580. And 
so if you think of it, we flushed out a lot more of the good inventory. The reductions we had made earlier in the year 
came through, and they're coming through now at higher cost. It's one reason why we were able to sustain it. So that 
explains why from our earlier forecast two months ago, the higher revenues flushed out some of the – allowed some of 
the newer cost inventory to ship to market. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And then on the wireless segment, is there any sense you can give us on the size of your 
Wi-Fi relative to your apps processor and combo baseband chip business there in that 20%? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we're not splitting that. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, thank you very much. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Devgan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my call, just a quick question. I wanted to touch base more on 
some of your new products again. As you kind of look over the coming years, let's say in calendar 2010, you talked 
about some of the combo chips as well as new refreshes of your apps processors. What do you think is going to drive 
the biggest incremental growth next year, or what should we look to in terms of meaningful growth drivers for 2010, 
just qualitatively if you could touch on that? And then I was wondering if you can also kind of touch on some of your 
initiatives in digital TV and Blu-ray and how should we kind of track – expect the trajectory – growth trajectories for 
those product lines? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. So the way we look at it is actually 
quite straightforward. The consumer market, the growth of opportunity for semiconductors, and the reason for that is 
because the process technology nowadays are to the point where we can integrate a lot of functionality into a single 
chip or maybe two chips at most at a very reasonable cost, so we can integrated powerful processors like gigahertz or 
multi-gigahertz, single or dual-core or quad-core CPUs, 3D graphic functionalities, HDTV, what did you call it, 
Blu-ray players, set-top boxes, or TV or smart TVs. 

At the end of the day, the differences between all these different applications are quite small. We're talking about a 
difference of maybe two to one or maybe even slightly more than two to one difference in cost in terms of the silicon 
requirements for the different markets. So we're talking about single digits or slightly up two digit types of cost 
solutions for the different markets. So the opportunity is the same actually. It's to have all those capabilities in every 
device. 

The difference between, okay, I want to add maybe, even in certain applications that do not need certain functionalities, 
a year later they will need those functionalities. Again, because we can do it, because we can do it, we can implement 
those functions at reasonable cost. So you already mentioned about TV or Blu-ray. Clearly this is one area of 
opportunity for us to grow into as well in the next several years. And we do have devices that we're sampling into the 
market. We're just not projecting revenue yet at this point. 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Okay. And just as a follow-on, I think earlier you mentioned in your networking business we're 
just at the beginning of a multiyear product cycle within the networking product line. I was wondering if you can just 
remind me given that your networking products have traditionally – or the newer networking products likely have 
higher than corporate average gross margins, is it reasonable to assume as that product cycle starts to kick in, that will 
be an additive to margins down the line. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We've had this type of question for the 
last – as far as I can remember. The answer is this. At this point, the company is quite diversified. Marvell as a 
company is not relying on a single market that can change, drastically change the overall outcome of our gross margin 
even though in certain areas we have higher or lower gross margin. The net is that they can go up. If everything is the 
same, they can go up one or plus/minus one, one way or the other depends on yield factors. It depends on complexity of 
products. It depends on how well is it that the products being designed or the die size is as small as we'd like it to be or 
slightly bigger than what we'd like it to be. 

So in general, Sanjay, we cannot predict with very good accuracy what they're going to be. But what we do know is if 
we continue to push for excellence in our product development, push for high integrations, and build products that not 
many of our competitors can build or none of them can build at all, we will continue to get value for products that we 
build. 

So I'm not going to consider whether it's going to be 55 or 54 or more than 55. If it's going to be more, we'll be happy, 
but we're not driving it that way. We're not driving the numbers. We are driving the product, the superior product if you 
will. If it happens, so that if we get wider acceptance as a result of that, then we will trade off. We will trade, I will 
personally trade much higher volume for slightly less margin, but then again I don't drive that. So that's when it 


happens, we'll deal with it. 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Aberle of Caris & Company. Please proceed. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Thanks, guys, good job on gross margin. On the hard disk drive side, any granularity you 
could provide on maybe what segments were strong with respect to 3.5 inch, 2.5 inch, maybe the consumer business, 
enterprise, any granularity there? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'd like to be able to say – to know 
exactly where those products go because I think we cannot – we won't be able to know exactly where they go. A lot of 
our products that we build, actually the same chip can go into a desktop and mobile, and this is actually our strength. 
Our chip can go to high-performance, high-speed, yet to be very low power. So our customers can use exactly the same 
device into those two markets. 

But having said it, I have been – keep saying over the last few years that I personally believe the mobile market – 
mobile computers growth is going to drive the growth of the drive market specifically in the PC industry. It's because 
the processors that goes into these laptops, low power, high-performance, yet high-performance already, so that people 
really do not need much of a PC except for the craziest – like my kids that want to have crazy graphics to play games in 
the bedrooms. But other than that, I think everybody should be happy just to have laptops. So that's for the future 
growth of the drive business. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Got you. In your prepared remarks, you talked about some new hard disk drive customers and 
that the big ramp is starting in the middle of calendar 2010. Is that the same timeframe you guys had been thinking or is 
that a little later? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, that's consistent with what we have 
given you. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Got you. The baseband business has been a little bit of a headwind for the last two quarters. 
Do you guys feel confident that that business has troughed in Q2? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we are very – that's pretty much 
behind us. So we are very, very – feel very comfortable. We're very happy that our 3G solution is really very, very 
strong. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: That's great. And then just very lastly, I mean over the longer term, I think it was about a year 
ago – a little over a year ago, Sehat, you were talking about product portfolio being strong, product cycles ahead of 
you, and that you thought year over year you could do high teens to low 20s percent revenue growth in a normalized 
environment. Assuming we're back in a normalized environment, is that the type of range for revenues we should think 
about you guys growing over the long term? Thanks. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. I think that we still feel the same in 
the normal environment where we continue to – we have not stopped R&D development even in the downturn. And in 
fact we can argue that we have accelerated some of the R&D. Some of the things that we were planning to do a little bit 
later on, okay, we actually pull in to – on an earlier schedule. So I do feel that if the economy goes back to a normal 
pace, we will do what we said earlier. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations>: Okay. Operator, we'll take one more caller please. Thank 
you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji of UBS. Please proceed. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Clyde, let me just ask you about – obviously it looks like your visibility has 
improved, but can you just give us some numbers as to how much of your guidance is covered by backlog? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: I think I said that earlier. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sorry, I missed that. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Operating Officer>: Typical – Uche, to repeat, 
we usually go into a typical quarter at about 65 to 70% coverage. And we are about 10 points or better than 10 points 
better than that going in, and that has kept that same pace since the quarter began. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Right. Let me switch gears a little bit to the [inaudible] business. In terms of where the margin of 
that business is now, are you optimal in terms of the margins and what are you going to be – if not, how much more 
effort or by rough specifics, what are you going to do to try and drive margins to become more optimal on that 
business? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. As you probably know, we never 
talk about specific gross margin for any specific product. But just to give you color, more color about in every business 
that we are in, we do want to have the normal margin for that business. So in the application processors or 
communication processors, we've been aggressively revamping our product lines over the last year in building products 
with more integration, for example, putting powerful 3D graphics capability in some devices, HDTV capabilities. So all 
those things are stuff that will give us better margin in the long run. So if the concern is that margin of that in the long 
run will be worse than our competition, I think you should not worry about that. So we are on the path to basically have 
the normal margin for that business. It's the same thing with every other business. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure, just one last question, Sehat. A couple conference calls ago, you talked about progress you are 
making on netbooks or the targets in terms of how you intend to penetrate the netbook market. Sorry, if you said this, I 
missed it. Any update as to – are you able to cast your mind back that to that call? I remember in terms of what you're 
doing in that market and in terms of the new products you talked about, is this going to be one of those? And if you can 
also talk about some of the drivers of your ability to enter that market, I mean, there have been concerns about 
ARM-based products and not being able to run Microsoft and that being a concern in general. So anything you can talk 
about your progress in this market and your view as to the evolution of ARM-based applications, that would be helpful. 
Thank you. That's my last question. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. So we are very well positioned 
actually in what you call a netbook or some people call it something else. I also call it a consumer – anything falling 
into the consumer devices is a clear opportunity for our gigahertz multi-core, single-core, or multi-core ARM, 
multi-gigahertz processor solution that we have in our portfolio. So the thing that drives the opportunity besides from 
the silicon – on the silicon side, we drive the opportunity building all these being integrated. Everything that you need, 
all the peripherals, the USB, the Ethernet, the PCI-E, 3D graphics, all these other functions, all this functionality into a 
single device, a single-chip device. But equally important that was driving this opportunity is the low-cost LCDs. The 
cost of the LCD has been dropping rapidly over the last several years to the point now you can – things are so 
affordable that you can build a lot of these devices for or within $50 to $100. 

On top of that, the reasonable costs of small Flash – we mentioned about Flash prices going up and down, but for SSD 

– but if you look outside SSD for things like eight gigabytes or 16 gigabytes of requirement, these are very reasonable 
priced. So now we can build a lot of these functions again for less than $100. So this is what drives the – I forgot to 
mention the – not to mention the availability of open-platform software like the Android that practically cost nothing. I 
mean it doesn't cost nothing. You have to port it so you have the platform. But in the big picture when you're talking 
about huge volume, it practically comes for free. So all these events create a huge opportunity for the ARM-based 
consumer devices, whether it's handheld devices or even a smart TV. They're the same to me. They have just slightly 

different integration factors. 

So I think we can give you more down the road, as some of these products are introduced by our customers. Then we 
are allowed to a bit more elaborate on it. We will get more color by that time. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Great, thank you very much. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations>: Thanks, Uche. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. 

Operator 

That concludes our question-and-answer portion. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jeff Palmer for closing 
remarks. 

Jeff Palmer, Senior Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you everyone. We appreciate your interest in Marvell. We'd like to highlight that we will be attending several 
investor conferences over the next several weeks. On September 9, we'll be at the Kaufman Bros. Investor Conference 
in New York City, September 10 at Citibank in New York, September 14 at the Deutsche Bank in San Francisco, and 
September 16 at the Jefferies Conference in New York. We look forward to seeing you then and at our other customer 
meetings. Thank you for your interest in Marvell. Bye-bye now. 

Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and 
have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


