Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations 
• Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Glen Yeung 
• Sukhi Nagesh 
• James Schneider 
• Uche Orji 
• Harlan Sur 
• Nicholas Aberle 
• Craig Ellis 
• Craig Berger 
• John Pitzer 
• Sanjay Devgan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the second quarter 2011 Marvell Technology Group Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. I'll be your coordinator for today. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background 
noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, 
this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host, Mr. Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Please proceed, sir. 

Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Keisha, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Marvell Technology Group's second quarter of 
physical 2011 earnings call. With me on the call today is Dr. Sehat Sutardja, Marvell's Chairman, President, and CEO, 
and Clyde Hosein, Marvell's CFO. All of us will be available during the Q&A portion of the call today. 

If you've not obtained a copy of our current press release, it can be found at our company website under the Investor 
Relations section at www.marvell.com. Additionally, this call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 
our corporate website. 

Please be reminded that this call will include forward-looking statements that invoke risks, uncertainties that could 
cause Marvell's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. The risks and uncertainties include 
statements regarding macroeconomic trends, trends within the PC and HDD end market, our expectations about the sale 
of new and existing products, the sustainability of our long-term business model, our ability to fund common share 
repurchases out of current and future cash balances, general market trends, and specific statements regarding our 
financial projections for the third quarter of physical 2011. To fully understand the risks and uncertainties that may 


cause results to differ from our outlook, please refer to Marvell's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent 
SEC filings for a detailed description of our business and associated risks. Please be reminded that Marvell undertakes 
no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement. 

During our call today, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude stock-based 
compensation expense, as well as charges related to acquisitions, restructuring, gains, and other charges that are driven 
primarily by discrete events that management does not consider to be directly related to Marvell's core operating 
performance. Pursuant to Regulation G, Marvell has provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to 
the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our second of physical 2011 earnings press release, which has been 
furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on Marvell's website in the Investor Relations section at 
www.marvell.com. 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Sehat. Sehat? 

Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Jeff. And good afternoon, everyone. During our fiscal second quarter, we generated revenue of approximately 
$896 million, a 5% sequential increase and a 40% increase over the same period a year ago. We delivered non-GAAP 
earnings per share of $0.40 and generated approximately $292 million in free cash flow. 

The quarter was challenging due to a softening macroeconomic environment that impacted demand for PCs, which in 
turn led to excess inventory build-up in the supply chain. Marvell was not immune to these effects, but despite these 
challenges we delivered excellent results. We believe this demonstrates the robustness of the Marvell business model, 
our ability to sustain revenue growth and manage excellent profitability in spite of the challenges experienced in one of 
the three end markets we serve. 

Now let me provide some color on what transpired during the quarter, and beginning with the storage end market. The 
sale of products into the storage end market decline approximately 15% sequentially versus our original forecast for 
revenue to be flat to down a few percentage points. As most investors may recall, over the last year our industry has 
been supply constraint and the hard drive industry even more so. In hindsight, we believe the PC and the hard disk 
drive supply chain built inventory to address these constraints during what is usually the seasonally slow first and 
second quarters, ahead of what was expected to be a normal back-to-school build period. 

The assumption of a tight supply environment was the basis of our forecasts entering the second quarter. As the quarter 
progressed, negative macroeconomic events starting in Europe began to affect the end market demand for PCs. As a 
result, the supply chain reacted quickly, cutting build plans and tightening on-hand inventory. Marvell was subjected to 
these inventory rationalizations and the resulting erosion of demand on us. We believe the consumption of the excess 
inventory is largely behind us now. For example, since the middle of July, we began to experience improved 
component pulls at the hard drive product consignment hubs, providing evidence to us that the excess inventory has 
worked through the system. 

We think it is important to note the speed by which the supply chain responded to the challenging market dynamics. 
We see this as a positive long-term trend. We believe the destruction in the hard disk drive supply chain started and 
ended pretty much within our second fiscal quarter. While there may be questions on the growth trajectory of the PCs 
and the HDD, hard disk drive, going forward, we believe the inventory correction is behind us. 

On a positive note, we began production shipments within the quarter and ahead of the announced schedule to a new 
HDD supplier, the only remaining HDD supplier we did not serve. While the volumes are initially modest, the addition 
of this customer into our roster will help to strengthen our franchise in the HDD SoC market. 

Looking to the third quarter, we are anticipating revenue from the storage end market to be essentially flat. This is well 
below typical seasonality. However, it reflects caution and conservatism given the recent events. 


Now turning to our performance in the mobile and wireless end market, sales increased over 50% sequentially. Our 
combined revenue from the mobile and wireless end market now represents nearly one-third of our total revenue, a 
record level in our history. This performance is yet another clear example of the investments we have made in the 
mobility market yielding positive returns. 

Looking at the sources of the growth, it was broad-based across all our mobile and wireless product lines. 
Approximately 15% of the sequential increase was due to the initial production revenue from our ARMADA 
application processers, primarily as a result of a major customer preparing to launch a new gaming platform. About 
30% of the sequential increase was due to the sale of cellular communication processors as one of our key smartphone 
customers are preparing to ramp production of several new handset programs. And lastly, about 55% of the sequential 
growth in mobile and wireless revenue was due to our embedded Wi-Fi products. The main drivers for Wi-Fi product 
growth was due to new and existing gaming systems, combined with the continued product adoptions within the 
imaging and enterprise access markets. We currently anticipate the sale of mobile and wireless products to again grow 
in the third fiscal quarter in the range of 15 to 20% sequentially. 

Lastly, turning to the networking end market, our sales grew a few percentage points, slightly lower than our original 
expectations. The primary drivers of revenue growth were enterprise-class switches, physical layer devices, and SoC 
products, which in total were up over 10% sequentially. This growth was offset by the sequential declines in the sale of 
PC clients, as the previously mentioned challenges in the PC end market also impacted demand for our Ethernet 
controllers. 

Looking to our third fiscal quarter, we anticipate revenue growth on the networking market to be essentially flat on a 
sequential basis. 

Turning now to revenue from new products, which we believe is a broad metric on how our ongoing R&D investments 
translate into customer adoption. Revenue from new products during the quarter was approximately $220 million, more 
than a 60% increase sequentially, and represented about 25% of our total revenue. During the second quarter, new 
product revenue was primarily due to the success of the mobile and wireless market. About half of the new product 
revenue was a result of continued strong demand for our latest 3G communication processors; about a quarter was due 
to demand for new Wi-Fi products; and just under 10% was related to initial shipments of our new ARMADA 
application processors. 

In summary, our second fiscal quarter results demonstrate Marvell can sustain and deliver significant shareholder 
value, even when certain end markets we serve experience destructions. Looking into our third fiscal quarter, we will 
continue the transformation of our business toward high-growth areas such as mobile and wireless. We will continue to 
manage the company to deliver world-class financials, and expect to be net share gainers in our historical franchises in 
both the networking and storage end markets. Taken together, we anticipate revenue in our third fiscal quarter to grow 
in a range of approximately 4 to 8% sequentially. 

Now, furthermore, based on the confidence we have in our long-term business model to deliver best-in-class result, we 
announced today a share repurchase program of $500 million. We believe this is a demonstration of the value creations 
we anticipate we can continue to deliver to shareholders. 

Now like to turn the call over to Clyde to review our financial results for the second quarter and to provide a more 
detailed outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2011. 

Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Sehat. And good afternoon, everyone. 

As Sehat mentioned, fiscal Q2 revenues came in at approximately 896 million, representing a 5% sequential increase 
over fiscal Q1 2011 and increase of 40% from the same period a year ago. Our non-GAAP gross margin for the second 
quarter was approximately 59.3%, down 130 basis points from the first quarter, and up about 400 basis points from the 
same period a year ago. This was just under the midpoint of our guidance of 59 to 60%. 


Our overall operating expenses for the second quarter on a non-GAAP basis were approximately 260 million, at the 
lower end of our earlier projected range of 260 to 270 million. As compared to the same period a year ago, operating 
expenses were up approximately 14%, while revenues grew 40%, almost three times the growth in expenses, 
reinforcing the leverage in our business model. R&D expenses for the quarter were approximately 205 million, an 
increase of 2% on a sequential basis and an increase of about 19% from the same period a year ago. This was below the 
midpoint of our original guidance of 210 million. SG&A expenses for the quarter were approximately 55 million, 
essentially flat sequentially and from the year-ago period. This was in line with the midpoint of our prior guidance of 
56 million. 

This resulted in non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30.3%, down about 40 basis points from the 30.7% 
operating margin reported in the prior quarter and an improvement of nearly 11 points from the same period a year ago. 
Net interest expense and other income was a benefit of approximately 4 million. Tax expenses were approximately 2 
million. Our non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was approximately 273 million or 40% per diluted share, a 
sequential increase of $0.02 per share. During the same period a year ago, we earned 119 million or $0.18 per share. 

The shares used to compute diluted non-GAAP EPS during the second quarter were approximately 678 million, down 
from 681 million shares in the prior quarter and higher than the 652 million shares reported in the year-ago period. 

Let me now summarize our Q2 result on a GAAP basis. We generated GAAP net income of approximately 220 million 
or $0.33 per share in the second quarter, up approximately 7% from the 206 million or $0.30 per share in the prior 
quarter and significantly better than the $0.09 per share we reported in the same period a year ago. The difference 
between our GAAP and non-GAAP results during the second quarter of fiscal 2011 was due to stock-based 
compensation expense of approximately 31 million or about $0.05 per diluted share and amortization of intangibles 
representing approximately 21 million or about $0.03 per diluted share. 

Now I'd like to review our balance sheet as of the end of our second quarter. Our cash and short-term investments were 
approximately 2.4 billion, up about 300 million sequentially and up about 1.1 billion from the same period a year ago. 
Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was approximately 319 million, as compared to 256 million reported 
in the first quarter and up from the 182 million reported in the same period a year ago. Free cash flow for the second 
quarter was approximately 292 million, representing a 33% free cash flow margin, up 23% on a sequential basis and a 
66% improvement from the 175 million in free cash flow reported in the year-ago period. 

Accounts receivable was approximately 491 million, up about 42 million sequentially, reflecting increased shipments 
later in the quarter, primarily from new products ramping. DSO was 48 days, up about five days sequentially and up 
four days from the same period a year ago. Net inventories at the end of the second quarter were approximately 239 
million, up 16% from the 207 million reported in the first quarter. Net inventories increased approximately 28 million 
or 13% on a year-on-year basis. Days of inventory were about 55 days, down four days sequentially from the 59 days 
reported in the previous quarter, and down 10 days from the year-ago period. 

Over the last several quarters, we have been attempting to build a modest level of safety inventory to better service our 
increasing revenues and expanding customer base. The increase we experienced during in Q2 was a direct result of the 
impact of the PC/HDD supply chain discussed by Sehat earlier in the call. Based on the inventory post we have with us 
in the last several weeks and the HDD comps, we believe the inventory correction is behind us, and we should be at 
profile on drive related inventory during the third quarter. 

Accounts payable was approximately 386 million, up about 97 million sequentially and up about 117 million on a 
year-on-year basis. The increase in accounts payable was due to a combination of increased inventory receipts at the 
end of the quarter and an expression of growth in our mobile and wireless end markets and the ramp of new wireless 
customers where we are selling more of a system solution. Because of the business model of services customers, we'll 
reduce our inventory risk. During significant ramp up new products, the payables tend to be higher. 

Now I'd like to turn to our expectations for the third fiscal quarter of 2011. We currently project third quarter revenue 
in the range of 930 to 970 million, a sequential increase of 4 to 8%. We currently project non-GAAP gross margins in 
the range of 59 to 60%, in line with our long-term model. We currently anticipate non-GAAP operating expenses to be 


in the range of 265 to 275 million. At the midpoint, we expect R&D expenses to be approximately 205 million and 
SG&A expenses of approximately 65 million. The primary drivers of the sequential increase in SG&A expenses are 
related to new product introductions and customer ramps, expenses related to DS2 acquisition announced earlier today, 
and higher legal expenses. 

At the midpoint of our range, our guidance will translate into a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 31%. 
The combination of interest expense and other income together should net out to approximately 1 million benefit. 
Non-GAAP tax expense should be approximately 4 to 6 million. We currently believe the diluted share count will be 
approximately 675 million shares, excluding the potential impact from any share repurchases during the quarter. This 
yields non-GAAP EPS in a range of 0.41 to $0.44 per share. 

On the balance sheet, we currently expect to generate approximately 250 million in free cash flow during the quarter. 
We anticipate our cash balance to be about 2.6 billion, excluding any special items, M&A activity, or share 
repurchases. Currently expect our GAAP EPS to be lower than our non-GAAP EPS by about $0.08 per share, plus or 
minus a penny. About $0.03 of this difference is related to amortization of intangibles, and $0.05 in stock-based 
compensation expense. 

So in summary, during the second fiscal quarter, we experienced a significant inventory correction in the largest end 
market we serve. Despite this impact, we generated increased sequential top and bottom line performance, best-in-class 
financial performance, and 33% free cash flow margin. While we believe the inventory correction is behind us, we are 
forecasting lower than seasonal growth in our storage and networking end markets, reflecting similar conservatism 
from other participants in the space. Even with this conservatism, we believe our revenue can grow mid to high single 
digits in Q3 while still sustaining the best-in-class margins and significant free cash flow. 

We recognize the concern that investors have regarding our exposure to the PC and storage market. However, our 
performance over the last two quarters should demonstrate the expanded breadth of our multi-end-market presence, 
which provides us with the resilience to deliver world-class financials – results to our investors. 

At the midpoint of our range in our guidance, storage should be approximately 40% of our revenue, demonstrating the 
growth of our products serving the mobile communication end market. The revenue performance of our mobile and 
wireless end markets during the last two quarters should help mitigate doubts about the transformation of our business 
model. We continue to believe and pursue our long-term targets presented at the beginning of this fiscal year, and our 
confidence in this in part is reflected by the share repurchase program we announced today. 

Now I'd like to turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we would now like to open the lines for your questions. [Operator Instructions] In an effort to 
allow as many listeners a chance to ask a question, each caller will be limited to one question and one follow-up. We're 
now ready for our first questioner. 

Your first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi. Please proceed. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks very much, and, actually, quite good results in the grand scheme of things. I wonder if I 
could ask just on the comments that you made regarding the drive business coming into balance. I think part of that is 
just an issue of inventory balancing there, but when you look at the underlying PC market, and you're now a month and 
a half into what other companies are seeing as kind of their normal season, what are you now seeing from the PC 
market as we move through August? Is your sense that we can see some degree of seasonality, or are you seeing 
something somehow different? 


<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Glen, our guidance for this quarter, this – 
we're in, is well below typical seasonality, so we'll have to stay with that. But to add color, I think since the middle of 
July we've seen the consignment posts improve, so that's a positive indication but I still think there's a lot ahead of us 
between now and the end of our quarter to make that call. It seems improved in the last month but still below seasonal 
patterns. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Hmm. OK, and then just as a follow-up, you announced a relatively large buyback today. I wonder 
if you could maybe articulate, Clyde, what the criteria for that buyback will be, what the decision making process will 
be for you. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: What I'll say, Glen, is we believe that in our financial model we 
believe that the current stock price is not reflective of what the business model is, and we intend to be active purchasers 
around this range. That's probably the best description I could give you. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Fair enough. Thanks very much. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, Glen. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, Glen. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sukhi Nagesh with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 

<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Clyde, can you just – quick question here. In terms of 
what your TAM expectations for the disk drive business, it seems that most of your customers there are guiding for unit 
growth in the 6 to 8% range for the third quarter, and yet you're guiding a flat quarter off of a down 15% quarter. I'm 
trying to understand the dynamics there in terms of how conservative you could be in your outlook for the HDD 
business. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that's fair. I think we indicated in our prepared remarks that it 
is conservative given what we've experienced in the last few months. If it plays out – if the TAM plays out as described 
by the participants in the market, I think there'll be upsides to the midpoint of where we guided to. So I think, Sukhi, it's 
more playing it down the middle, reflecting conservatism we've seen in the last few months. 

<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Okay, and just a quick follow-up there. On the networking side, obviously we had some of the 
big participants in that market, vis-à-vis Cisco, kind of being cautious in their outlooks. How are you looking at that 
segment as we progress to the end of this year? That's all I have. Thank you. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Beyond – I think we said earlier – Sehat mentioned flattish, which is 
reflective of what the participants in the space indicate. I don't think they have yet provided any forecast beyond that, 
and I think it's remiss of us to do – to go beyond what they're doing, and certainly with our practice of just going out 
one quarter, we feel more comfortable with that. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thank you, Sukhi. Operator, could we have the next 
question, please? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. Maybe just to return to the hard drive 
theme for a second, could you talk about and give us any color on what you saw in terms of hard drives, desktops 
versus notebooks? It seems like there was a pretty big disparity in what many of your peers saw in the June quarter with 


respect to desktops versus notebooks. Maybe give us any color on that if you could. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Jim, I think what we see is probably reflective of what we've read. 
There seem to be more desktop – which seems strange to me, but probably the '10 phenomenon. But I don't think it's 
any – I wouldn't read any trend changes into that, so I don't think we can add any more color beyond 


<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Also it's hard to figure out, in some cases, 
where the chips that we've built goes to the desktop or the mobile. In some cases they're using the same silicon into 
those two products. The other part is the desktop space, some of these devices also goes into consumers. Well, and 
some of the 2.5-inch notebooks also goes to consumers as portable backups. So the market's a lot bigger than just the 
desk PC markets. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: And I'll just add one last piece, Jim. And that is, you have 
to remember, given our market size, our share tends to reflect the overall market split between notebook and desktop. 
So I don't think you can really look for any real color between notebook and desktop builds from our overall numbers. 

Do you have a follow-up? 

<Q - James Schneider>: Yes, please. You'd mentioned that last quarter, backlog coverage entering the quarter was 
about 90%. Can you talk about what it is this quarter? And then finally, if you can comment on the prospects of a 
dividend in the future in addition to the buyback you just announced? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That was two questions. The backlog, the 
midpoint of our range is probably in the same percentile. Hasn't moved much from the last period of time, from the last 
quarter, so that similar percentage. 

As far as a dividend or share buyback, didn't announce anything on dividend today, and I think we reserve – we'd 
probably reserve opinion on that. I think what we should read into it is the management and the board is very interested 
in shareholder return. And we'll pursue avenues that give them the best return of that, and I think that's going to be our 
guiding light going forward. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Great, thanks very much. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Jim. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS. Please proceed. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Can you hear me? 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Yes, Uche. Go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. So let me understand. You're saying the [inaudible] that's clear now. What did that mean 
for ASPs for Marvell, that you cleared it? And then, in terms of how you anticipate demand going to back to school and 
also going to seasonal Q4? Any comments will be helpful just to understand the recovery you mentioned in this space. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Did you understand the question? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, he had two questions on ASP trends given the demand. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Okay. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: We didn't see any material impact on ASPs. This was more of a 
inventory situation for us, Uche. As we just announced earlier, our gross margin was still in the 59 to 60% range, so no 
material change in the readout. As to back-to-school in fourth quarter, I think Glen asked the same question earlier. I 
think our forecast is conservative. It's probably flattish plus or minus. Some of our customers, as indicated earlier, are 


more positive than that. If that plays out, that'll be more positive for us. And I don't think we've got enough insights to 
talk about Q4 right now. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Right. And in terms of cell phones, I mean, most of these trends you talked about in your mobile 
area was in the Wi-Fi area. Any comments as to what's happening on the cellular side, and specifically as you look for 
China Mobile and your effort in China to start to contribute, any comments on your progress? That would be helpful. 
Thank you. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So there are two questions? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sorry. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So the existing customers are doing well. 
I guess that's the easy answer, first answer. 

Second answer will be for the PDS VME. I suppose related to the PDS VME 3G for the China Mobile end markets. So 
that one is actually doing also very well. We have new risk customers in the final stage of the design phase in terms of 
designing new headsets – handsets, sorry, not headsets, new handsets. So the timing will be probably in the next several 

– two quarters or so, sometime early next year, or at least that's when we'll be starting into productions. That's my best 
guess at this point. Be a lot of software porting into these handsets at this point. 
<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, Uche. We'll take our next question, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Hi, good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Just one last question on the HDD 
business in the second quarter. You talked about excess inventories in the value chain, and so Marvell is on a hub-based 
procurement system, so I'm assuming it was not inventory burn of your parts and that your customers just weren't 
pulling from the hubs. Is that kind of the way to think about it? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, but I wouldn't read too much into that. So that's correct. But I 
think the entire PC chain had built up inventory ahead of what at the time was anticipated to be a normal second half 
seasonal period. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Right. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: And so the chain responded responsibly, in our opinion, and 
tightened things up until more clarity on the end demand plays out. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay, great. Thank you for the clarification. And then on the new HDD customer that you've 
started to ramp into, how long does it typically take to get to a normalized run rate for the platforms, for example, that 
you're ramping out? Is it about two or three quarters to get to full run rate? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'd say it's about – usually there are many 
programs, many different mechanicals, platforms they call it – the drive guys call it platforms. So we're ramping on one 
platform, so then, over time there will be – hopefully we'll see more and more platforms. So if you take into account all 
the multiple platforms it has to go through, I would say around a year – four quarters or so, it will be the typical 
patterns that we have seen in the past. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: So four quarters for one platform, but I'm assuming that over – for the foreseeable future you're 
going to be ramping multiple platforms. 


<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm sorry. What I meant was for – when 
you get a few platforms to ramp, it will take us about four quarters. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay, I got it. All right, thank you. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, Harlan. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Aberle with Janney Capital Markets. Please proceed. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. On gross margin – I mean, gross margin held up 
fantastically well during the quarter, despite what most people would think would be a pretty big negative mix shift. 
Can you just kind of talk about what the levers there were to kind of sustain gross margin? And as mobile wireless 
becomes a bigger part of your business over the longer term, I mean, do you expect it to stay resilient like that over the 
longer term? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Nick. I think there might be an expectation that – well, 
mobile and wireless has changed substantially over the last six months. It's improved 18% in Q1 and over 50% this 
quarter, and our margins held up. So I think you can read that as indicative of what the future could hold. I do want to 
reiterate our long-term gross margin model is 50 to 60%, so I'd encourage people to stay within that range. It's perhaps 

– I think people might perceive one segment being overwhelming versus the other segment, and I think the results over 
the last six months demonstrate the breadth of Marvell's management to deliver quality margins across all of our 
product lines. 
<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Also as – I think I responded to this 
several times in the last maybe several years with respect to margin as – the way I put it in the past was as products – 
complex products requires a tremendous amount of R&D expenses. And so those products especially, it's reasonable to 
expect that the industry will have a reasonable return on those investments. So for those kind of complex products, I 
think we have the kind of expectations of 50 to 60% gross margins, I believe, is just quite reasonable, and it should be 
expected throughout the industry. So I think that's the – we're consistent, and we hope in the long run it stays the same 
as well. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Got you. And then, in terms of – I mean, looking at the mobile wireless business in Q2, you 
guys provided some color as to the contribution to that growth from ARMADA, comm processors, embedded Wi-Fi. 
Looking into Q3, you guys guided the whole bucket up 15 to 20%. Any additional color you could provide to kind of 
tell us maybe which pockets are growing better and contributing more growth? Thanks. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: I think the same areas – we indicated earlier that a lot of these are 
new product ramps. So usually these things take two to four quarters to get to maturity. So a lot of the next quarter is 
follow-through on these new products. There's probably some new products coming out, but they're in the same buckets 
with similar new customers. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with Caris & Company. Please proceed. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Yeah, thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow up on the mobile and wireless. The 
performance was quite strong, I think about twice as good in the quarter as you'd expected. Appreciate all the color by 
product area. Can you just identify where within those products you had the upside versus what you expected going 
into the quarter? 


<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think a couple callers earlier described upside depending on 
what your views are for the PC and PC-related markets, so that's clearly one area, and we were clear that we're being 
more conservative about that, so there's one area for upside. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: I'm sorry, Clyde, I meant within the mobile and wireless segment. I think you had said going into 
the fiscal second quarter that you expected 25% growth there. You delivered 50, so I was trying to understand which of 
the product groups gave you that incremental upside. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: It came from all areas. It came from both the cellular side of it, as 
well as the Wi-Fi side of it. Both areas came on – these are new products, so it's sometimes hard to – it's often very hard 
to predict new products, how fast these ramps would happen, and that's why you have over 50% sequential growth 
versus our initial guidance of over 25. Technically, you're correct, it was over 25. But, Craig, sometimes it's difficult to 
predict. With new products there's so many things that needs to be tightened up as these products come just before they 
launch, and so that creates more volatility prediction of it. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's right. So the hard part is for us to 
predict – when a customer wants to introduce new handset, for example, the customer typically will have to prebuild 
enough handsets for the launch. So probably because some of – some of it is because of that, I will assume. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay, those are fair points. And then as the follow-up, Clyde, versus this same time about two years 
ago, I just sense a lot more confidence in your tone about Marvell's ability to grow despite an uncertain macro 
backdrop. So is that because of what you're seeing in your hub pulls? Is that because of the enhanced breadth in the 
product portfolio and the momentum that you have in your new products? Can you just talk about what's giving you the 
confidence to guide to 4 to 8% growth? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: There's a third one: I've been here for two years versus 


<Q - Craig Ellis>: Fair enough. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: – two months the same call two years ago. I think it's the breadth of 
the product line. And we've been describing this – Sehat's been doing this long before I came here – we've been doing 
this over the last two years. And I think my opinion is people underestimate the strength of the technology and the 
products that Marvell has. And we keep delivering, again and again. So to me, the confidence comes from the products 
that we have that this team has been working on – and the management team and employees have done such a great job 
working hard to bring these products to market. We've said six months ago at the beginning of our fiscal year that we 
have an inflection point, and we've begun to prove it. So I think it's the breadth of the product line. I mean, [inaudible] 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, obviously as Clyde mentioned a lot 
of people underestimated the strength of our technology. The amount of investment that we have invested, put into – in 
the last three, four years, our investment in smartphones, our investment in advanced application processors for 
high-end smartphones, tablets – markets. So a lot of these investments takes times to materialize, product to 
materialize. Takes times for the revenue to ramp up. 

But regardless, we're a strong believer that the – we as a company, Marvell as a company, will benefit significantly 
[inaudible] is gating to the face of – devices get into various extremely small geometries where we can put many, many 
functions on a single piece of device, thus allowing consumers to reap the benefits of the technology they've been 
investing – the industry have been investing in the last five to 10 years. And he volume will just – the consumer will 
just be able to get by significant of this – I mean, large volume of those devices, all it takes is – or requires is for 
companies like us to develop these technologies. 

And we're talking about not just 3G, we're talking about Wi-Fi, we're talking about Bluetooth, we're talking about 
HDTV, we're talking about 3-D graphics, we're talking about HDMI, multicore processors. So all the different types of 
interfaces, and all of these things have to be integrated. Power management, [inaudible] we talk about this for several 
years. And then all the adjacent technology that needs to be there, because the device is not just for mobile devices, the 
device also needs to go into the living room. And they all want to have similar look and feel, whether it's a living room 


or on a mobile device. 

So all these things, actually, is huge opportunity beyond the traditional PC market that we serve historically. So the 
market – the way I look at it, the market that we're addressing in the future is significantly bigger than the traditional 
PC market, so this is why we're excited. This is what we invested in, developing those technologies. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Very helpful color. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital. Please proceed. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question; nice job. My first question is on the baseband 
business, which is your main comm processor customer, recently launched a new product that has been getting 
mediocre reviews. Without getting into any customer specifics, when can we expect to see a 1-gigahertz processor out 
from you guys that's competitive with the likes of a Qualcomm? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me answer this one. Firstly, I 
understand some people may have – skeptical about the success of our customers. I've seen the products, and I thought 
the product was really, really excellent. I do believe they'll be very successful with those products. 

Now, with regards to gigahertz, our products, we do have – you feel free to come to Marvell to visit us, and then we'll 
show you all the gigaprocessors. In fact, if you want to see a 2-gigas processor, we also have a 2-gigas processor in a 
different class of product line. So we do have that. And I think the important part is not just we have the biggest 
processor, we also have a – the solution that works well once this processor integrated into a device. 

Many of the devices that people talk about gigahertz, once they – you look at the overall system performance, they 
behave as if they're running on a – like half of the frequency that you expect from those gigaprocessors. And you will 
not see this kind of performance from ours. Our processor will shine, and they'll be able to run HDTV and 3-D graphics 
all simultaneously on the device. You won't be able to see that from – without naming names – from anybody else in 
the market. Feel free to stop by and to see the demo. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: OK, thank you for that detail, and I look forward to seeing some of that product hit the market. I 
guess as a follow-up, in mobile, how do you guys have confidence that the strength – I think it's up to 50% over the last 
couple quarters including guidance – how do we have confidence that that strength isn't going to require an inventory 
adjustment later or lumpiness with some of your big customers there? And as part of that, if gross margins were 
towards the lower end of your guidance range this quarter and mobility increases, isn't that going to put pressure on 
gross margins potentially to dip below that 59% level? Thank you so much. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I'll take the gross margin question. All guidance this quarter 
is similar to last quarter. And so in spite of the growth of one segment over another one. And it is consistent, albeit at 
the high end of our long-term model, and I think, Craig, that speaks for itself. As the mix changes, there is that 
perception that things will trail off, and hopefully we've pleasantly surprised people in that respect. 

As to your first part of your second question, the – you know, there's no assurance that there'd be inventory. When we 
entered the market last quarter, I don't think anyone in the entire food chain anticipated inventory. So no one could give 
you assurances that they won't be. What gives us the confidence, though, is these are new products that are ramping. 
We believe these programs – they're multiple programs. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The key is that they're multiple programs. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Right. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: There are multiple programs in there. We, obviously, hopefully 
have demonstrated our ability to manage through tough situations and still deliver these results. But – so we think – the 


assurance we can – whatever assurance that we can give, understanding that there's no absolute assurance that can be 
given, is that these are multiple programs that have follow-on devices that's going to come through on these, so we 
aren't dependent on any single device being successful for the broad range of Marvell to be successful. And I think 
we've demonstrated that successfully two or three quarters in a row. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, Craig. Could we have the next caller, please? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I guess, guys, a lot of times when your drive 
customers go through an inventory correction, they use pricing to try to accelerate kind of the unit cleanup. I'm just 
kind of curious, can you remind me what happened to your guys' pricing through such an event? And is that something 
we have to become incrementally more concerned about in the near term or not? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think we answered that question earlier, John. There were no 
material changes in pricing. We do support our customers. They're very happy with the quality, the technology that we 
deliver, and that speaks for itself. So there aren't any material changes in pricing. We don't anticipate any significant 
changes. Our gross margin performance has been extremely consistent north of 59%, I believe about a year now in 
spite of all of these and in spite of the mix that people perception would be. I think the numbers speak for themselves. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then, Clyde, as my follow-up, the mix in the July quarter was clearly impacted by the 
inventory correction on the storage side, but I'm kind of curious given the sustainable growth you're seeing in the 
wireless and the mobility, is this the right kind of structural mix for us to think about for the company, or do you think 
there's still growth left in the hard drives and the storage space as that recovers and you bring on new programs? And 
how do we think about a longer-term mix for the company? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer>: I think – at the beginning of the year we provide input and our 
estimates on that to you, and we still believe that's true, albeit two quarters in since then, there's been correction. I think 
the PC market will improve. I think near-term issues aside, we are still optimistic about that. 

But I think the Marvell story has always been about new product introduction, new technologies, and the breadth of it, 
as Sehat described [inaudible] earlier. So, I've said this to a number of investors repeatedly: We're not subject to any 
single segment. We're not subject to any single product. I think we've demonstrated the business model we have today 
can withstand a lot. There's no guarantees in the future, but this is a big company with a broad breadth of product, 
excellent products, excellent engineering team, that is going to continue to deliver. And I expect that to change – not to 
change in the future. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, and another part that I guess 
people need to be – another part people need to be aware is the broad industry is not just serving the PC market. My 
guess is at this point, the drive industries, about two-thirds of the drive industry – maybe less than two-thirds – is 
addressing the PC and the rest for other things, other than PCs, consumer devices. And you cannot say the same thing 
about 10 years ago. 

So as we progress this, we do expect to see more and more application for hard drives outside the PC markets. So the – 
we had the same questions 10 years ago – five, 10 years ago – on how big the drive industry could grow, and what 
always surprised us is that they always have new applications for hard drives. And the hard drives, OK, being able to 
build higher and higher capacities for the same price seems endless, so there's still a lot of room to grow in this space, 
at least in the next several years. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great, guys. Very helpful, thank you. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, John. Operator, we'll take one last call today, 
please. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Devgan with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Hey, guys, thanks for squeezing me in. Hey, just wanted to touch on your new products. You 
noted that that was up 60% quarter on quarter. It's now about a – or it was about a quarter of your revenue. Could you 
kind of talk through – obviously, a big portion of that likely came from the mobile and wireless, but outside of mobile 
and wireless, can you give us a sense of kind of the networking opportunities, how that kind of fared in terms of new 
product developments? And then beyond networking, can you give us a sense of new products that may have come out 
that don't fit into one of your three major buckets, i.e., storage, mobile and wireless, or networking. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's a complicated – I'll give you a 
flavor of the networking. Normally it will take a while to explain this. One of the opportunities networking is as more 
and more of these devices that we – mobile devices or these – as more people wants to deliver video on demand to the 
homes, there will be an increased demand of switching networking equipments in the data centers in the cloud. So more 
and more of those devices would need to have 10 gigabits or 40 gigabits of throughput per port. So the chips they 
would need to build becomes more multiplex. 

For example, sometime last year we introduced a 48-port 10-gigabit switch. So basically it has 48 ports of 10 gigabits 
on a single-switch device, and these devices usually can be cascaded to make an even bigger system. So there's a lot of 

– the good thing is the customers are demanding more complex products, on one hand. On the other hand, there are 
fewer and fewer suppliers that can do this. We are one of the – one of the less than a handful of companies in the world, 
maybe one of the two companies in the world that could build this. So this is the – the nature of this business is very 
quite interesting. And a little bit hard to explain. 
<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: And I'll just add to that. Sanjay, as you know, the definition 
of new products are products we've introduced over the last 12 months that are in volume production. In the networking 
space, the design to revenue cycle can be anywhere from 18 to 24 months at a minimum. So while design win activity 
is very, very strong, with the products like Sehat's talking about, the Prestera switches, those products have not gone 
into volume production on certain programs. As they go to volume production, they get included into new product 
revenue and that metric. 

Do you have a quick follow up? 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Great. No, that's all I had. Thanks so much, guys. 

Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Great. Thanks, Sanjay. And I'd like to thank everyone for their time today and their continued interest in Marvell. As a 
reminder we'll be attending several investor conferences over the next couple weeks. On September 8, we will be 
attending the Citi Technology Conference in New York City. On September 14, we'll be attending the Deutsche Bank 
Technology Conference in San Francisco. 

We thank you for your interest in Marvell and look forward to speaking with you at these upcoming conferences in the 
coming months. Thank you very much. Have a good day, everybody. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect your 
lines. Good day. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


