Q3 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations 
• Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
Other Participants 

• Harlan Sur 
• Sukhi Nagesh 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• James Schneider 
• Chris Caso 
• Uche Orji 
• John Pitzer 
• Sanjay Devgan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Marvell Technology Group Ltd. Earnings 
Conference Call. I'll be your coordinator for today. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background 
noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, 
this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Mr. Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor 
Relations. Please proceed, sir. 

Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Amanda, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Marvell Technology Group's third quarter of fiscal 
2011 earnings call. With me on the call today is Dr. Sehat Sutardja, Marvell's Chairman, President and CEO, and Clyde 
Hosein, Marvell's CFO. All of us will be available during the Q&A portion of the call today. 

If you have not obtained a copy of our current press release, it can be found at our company website under the Investor 
Relations section at www.Marvell.com. Additionally, this call is being recorded and will be available for replay from 
our corporate website. 

Please be reminded that this call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could 
cause Marvell's results to differ materially from management's current expectations. The risks and uncertainties include 
statements regarding revenue trends within our end markets, our expectations about the sale of new and existing 
products, sustainability of our long-term business model, general market trends, and specific statements regarding our 
financial projections for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. 


To fully understand the risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ from our outlook, please refer to 
Marvell's latest annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings for a detailed description of our business and 
associated risks. Please be reminded that Marvell undertakes no obligation to revise or update publicly any 
forward-looking statements. 

During our call today we will make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude stock-based 
compensation expenses, as well as charges related to acquisitions, restructuring, gains and other charges that are driven 
primarily by discrete events that management does not consider to be directly related to Marvell's core operating 
performance. 

Pursuant to Regulation G, Marvell has provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most 
directly comparable GAAP measures in our third quarter of fiscal 2011 earnings press release, which has been 
furnished to the SEC on Form 8-K and is available on Marvell's website in the Investor Relations section at 
www.Marvell.com. 

I'd like to now turn the call over to Sehat. 

Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. During our fiscal third quarter we generated revenue of approximately 
$959 million, a 7% sequential increase and a 20% increase over the same period a year ago. We delivered non-GAAP 
gross margin of 59.5% and an operating margin of 32.4%, resulting in non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.45. Again, 
we generated significant free cash flow of approximately $338 million, equivalent to a 35% free cash flow margin. We 
delivered excellent performance during the quarter across most of our end markets. We continued to deliver substantial 
profitability and cash flow generation, highlighting the long-term leverage of our business model can deliver. 

Now let me provide some color on what transpired during the quarter. In the mobile and wireless end market, sales 
increased about – over 20% sequentially, and it presented about 35% of our total revenue during the quarter. This was 
above our prior guidance of 15% to 20% growth. Looking at the sources of the growth, about two-thirds of the 
sequential increase was due to continued demand for our cellular communication processors. About one quarter of the 
sequential increase was due to strong seasonal demand for our embedded wireless LAN products. The remainder of the 
sequential growth was due to continued demand for our ARMADA application processors. 

After three consecutive quarters of significant growth, we are anticipating our embedded wireless LAN business, 
particularly our game console business, to experience normal seasonality. As you're aware, the game console market 
has a heavy build schedule in calendar Q2 and Q3, ahead of the seasonally strong holiday selling season. In addition, 
over the last couple of quarters, we have increased our position in this market, which gives us a dominant share in this 
space. This has the effect to exacerbate the seasonal impact on our wireless LAN revenue. The remainder of our mobile 
and wireless business is expected to be essentially flat on a sequential basis. Taken together, we believe our mobile and 
wireless business will decline approximately 10% at the midpoint of our overall guidance. 

To further our leadership during the third quarter, we introduced several important new products in the mobile and 
wireless market. First, we announced the world's first tri-core application processor, the ARMADA 628. This is a 
highly integrated SoC with 3 SMP ARM v7 CPUs, two high performance symmetric multi-processing engines capable 
of up to 1.5 gigahertz, and a third CPU capable over 600 megahertz. The device is designed to operate similar to a 
hybrid car. In normal situations like processing e-mail or texting, the CPU relies on the lower performance core, saving 
significant power. When increased processing horsepower is needed, like when playing advanced 3D graphics games, 
the device could rely on the two high performance multi-processing CPUs. 

In order to deliver high quality videos, graphics and audio performance, there are additional processing engines. They 
are four-seaters operating at over 500 megahertz, capable over 300 million triangles per second 3D graphics, and a full 
1080p video anchor decode engine, which can simultaneously support two H.264 high profile video streams. This 
enables the device to support 3D video and Blu-ray quality. 


The second significant product introduction was the Avastar 8764, the world's first 802.11n 4x4 single chip wireless 
LAN device. This product is targeted at the enterprise and high end wireless access point market. With four 
independent transmit-receive RF chains, supporting three MIMO spatial streams, this device is the first in the world 
that can deliver up to 450 megabit per second data rates over a wide range of operating conditions. We are getting 
significant interest from both of these new products from new and existing customers. 

Now turning to the networking end market, our sales declined approximately 9% and now it represents about 70% of 
total revenue. This was lower than our original guidance for flat sequential growth. The weakness was concentrated in 
the enterprise networking end market and was primarily due to inventory reductions at our customers. The decline in 
the enterprise market was partially offset by sequential increases in the sale of Internet client products. Looking into the 
fourth quarter, we believe revenue from the networking end market will be about flat on a sequential basis. 

Lastly, turning to our storage end market, revenue increased about 3% sequentially, better than our original guidance 
for flat sequential growth, and represented just over 40% of total revenue. Our growth in the storage end market was 
consistent with trends in the overall HDD industry. Looking in the fourth quarter, we believe end in the storage end 
market will continue to track the end markets, essentially flat on a sequential basis as our official quarter includes the 
January month. 

Turning now to revenue from new products, which we believe is a broad metric of how our ongoing R&D investments 
translate into customer adoption. Revenue from new products during the quarter was approximately $87 million and 
represented about 9% of our total revenue. During the third quarter, new product revenue was primarily due to our 
success in the mobile and wireless market. About 40% of the new product revenue was a result of increased traction of 
our embedded wireless LAN devices, and about 20% was related to strong shipments of our new ARMADA 
application processors. New products in our storage end market accounted for about 15% of the total, with the 
remainder from networking and printer products. 

In summary, our third fiscal quarter results demonstrate that Marvell continues to deliver long-term growth in our target 
markets. We believe that our business continues to become more diversified as we – as we become more diversified, 
we should be better positioned to withstand quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in the various end markets we serve. We 
believe we are making progress across all our served end markets in alignment with our R&D investments. 

Our positive customer engagements should help fuel our future growth consistent with long-term goals. Lastly, we 
continued to deliver results, which validate our long-time business model, a clear demonstration that Marvell can 
deliver positive earnings leverage and significant free cash flow. 

Now I would like to turn the call over to Clyde to review our financial results for the third quarter and to provide a 
more detailed outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. 

Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Thank you, Sehat, and good afternoon, everyone. As Sehat mentioned, fiscal Q3 revenues came in at approximately 
959 million, represented a 7% sequential increase over fiscal Q2 2011, an increase of 20% from the same period year 
ago, and at the upper end of our earlier guidance. 

On non-GAAP gross margin for the third quarter was approximately 59.5%, up 17 basis points sequentially and up 
about 170 basis points from the same period a year ago. Our results were in line with the midpoint of our guidance of 
59% to 60%. 

Our operating expenses for the third quarter on a non-GAAP basis were approximately 260 million, lower than our 
earlier projected range of 265 to 275 million. As compared to the same period a year ago, operating expenses were up 
approximately 12%, while revenues grew 20%. 

R&D expenses for the quarter were approximately 198 million, a decrease of 3% on a sequential basis. As compared to 
the same period a year ago, R&D increased about 6%. This was below the midpoint of our original guidance of 205 


million. 

SG&A expenses for the quarter were approximately 61 million, an increase of approximately 11% sequentially, below 
the midpoint of our prior guidance of 65 million. As compared to the same period a year ago, SG&A was up about 
40%. However, it was essentially flat if you exclude legal expenses. 

This resulted in non-GAAP operating margin of 32.4%, up 210 basis points sequentially and an improvement of 340 
basis points from the same period a year ago. Net interest and other income was an expense of approximately 2 million. 
This included approximately 6 million of expenses due to currency translation effects on our tax reserves in foreign 
jurisdictions resulting from the decline from U.S. dollar. Tax expenses were approximately 2 million. 

Our non-GAAP net income for the third quarter was approximately 307 million, or $0.45 per diluted share, a sequential 
increase of $0.05 per share. Through the same period a year ago, we earned 232 million, or $0.35 per share. 

The shares used to compute diluted non-GAAP EPS during the third quarter were approximately 677 million, 
essentially flat sequentially, and higher than the 64 million shares reported in the year-ago period. During the third 
quarter, we spent approximately 61 million to repurchase 3.6 million shares at an average purchase price of 
approximately $17 per share. 

Let me now summarize our Q3 results on a GAAP basis. We generated GAAP net income of approximately 256 
million, or $0.38 per share in the third quarter, up approximately 16% from the 220 million, or $0.33 per share in the 
prior quarter. As compared to the year-ago period, GAAP net income increased nearly 27% from 202 million, or $0.31 
per share. 

The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results through the third quarter of fiscal 2011 was due to 
stock-based compensation expense of approximately 30 million, or about $0.04 per diluted share, and amortization of 
intangibles represented approximately 22 million, or about $0.03 per diluted share. 

Now I'd like to review our balance sheet as of the end of the third quarter. Our cash and short-term investments were 
approximately 2.7 billion, up about 300 million sequentially, and up about 1.2 billion from the same period a year ago. 
Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was approximately 368 million, as compared to 319 million reported in 
the second quarter, and up from the 204 million reported in the same period a year ago. 

Free cash flow for the third quarter was approximately 338 million, representing a 35% free cash flow margin, up 16% 
on a sequential basis, and a 73% improvement from the 196 million in free cash flow reported in the year-ago period. 

Accounts receivable was approximately 468 million, down about 23 million sequentially, reflecting improved linearity 
during the quarter. DSO was 45 days, down about two days sequentially, and up five days from the same period a year 
ago. 

Net inventories at the end of the third quarter were approximately 228 million, down 5% from the 239 million reported 
in the second quarter. Net inventories declined approximately 11 million, or 5% on a year-on-year basis. Days of 
inventory were about 54 days, essentially flat sequentially, and down six days from the year-ago period. Accounts 
payable was approximately 352 million, down about 33 million sequentially, and up about 35 million on a year-on-year 
basis. 

Now I'd like to turn to our expectations for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2011. We anticipate revenues to be in the range 
of 900 to 950 million. At the midpoint of this range, our guidance represents a decline of just over 3%, all of which is 
attributable to the seasonal declines related to the gaming console portion of our mobile and wireless end market. As 
Sehat indicated earlier, this seasonal decline should be expected. We have experienced similar declines in the past, 
although the extent is larger now that we are serving more gaming console customers, with approximately 75% share of 
this space. Beyond this, revenue in our other addressable end markets taken together is expected to be essentially flat. 

Our sequential revenue trends in Q4 may be lower than historical norms. However, given the weaker trends in the PC 
market we have experienced for the past six to nine months combined with the recent subdued demand in the 
networking space, accounts were for the lower than normal trend we are experiencing. We consider these effects to be 


near term, not company-specific, and should be resolved within the next year. 

We project non-GAAP gross margin to be 59.5% plus or minus 50 basis points, in line with our long-term model. We 
currently anticipate non-GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of 260 to 270 million. At the midpoint, we 
anticipate R&D expenses to be approximately 202 million and SG&A expenses of approximately 63 million. At the 
midpoint of our range, our guidances translate to a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 31%. 

The combination of interest expense and other income together should net out to approximately a $3 million benefit, 
without consideration for currency translation impacts. Non-GAAP tax expense should be approximately 3 million. We 
estimate that the diluted share count will be approximately 687 million shares excluding the potential impact from any 
share repurchases during the quarter. This yields non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.40 to $0.44 per share. 

On the balance sheet, we currently expect to generate approximately 250 million in free cash flow during the quarter. 
We anticipate our cash balance to be about $3 billion excluding any special items, M&A activity or share repurchases. 
We currently expect our GAAP EPS to be lower than our non-GAAP EPS by about $0.06 per share plus or minus a 
penny. About $0.02 of this difference is related to amortization of intangibles and $0.04 is stock-based compensation 
expense. 

In summary, during the third fiscal quarter we delivered excellent business results with revenues, operating margins 
and free cash flow at historical highs. Our anticipated results for the fourth quarter are reflective of the typical 
seasonality we expect as we increase our presence in more consumer-centric businesses. In spite of this, our margins 
and earnings continue to sustain at high levels. 

Now I'd like the turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Amanda? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. Please 
proceed. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Hi, thank you for taking my question. On your mobile and wireless business, I can clearly see your 
embedded Wi-Fi business being seasonally weaker in the fourth quarter, but your largest handset customer is seeing 
solid handset shipment growth in both their November and February quarters. So, I'm just trying to figure out where the 
disconnect is in terms of your flat guide for your comps processor business relative to your largest customer, which is 
going see two quarters of pretty strong handset shipment growth looking out here over the next few months. I mean, is 
there an additional component there like inventories, which need to be burned off? Any color there would help. Thank 
you. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yeah, Harlan, I don't think there's any disconnect. I 
think you've got to look at the supply chain and I think you might be reflecting consumer purchases as opposed to in 
the supply. So, if you look back, we had 20% sequential growth in this end market in the most recent Q3, and over 50% 
in the quarter before that. So, I don't think there's any disconnect. If you aggregate them over say a four quarter period, 
you'll find out there is no other color other than timing perhaps of supply and end consumption. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay. And then my next question is on the HDD front, I mean, I think the recent sort of TAM 
outlook for industry shipments is looking something like up 2% to 3% sequentially here in the December quarter. And I 
know that the team also has Hitachi ramping in two platforms now. Is it still conservatism that drives sort of the flat 
growth outlook or again, is there some other factor that we're kind of overlooking here that leads to sort of the flattish 
growth outlook for your January quarter? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yeah, we got accused last quarter of conservatism 
and I think people unfortunately came back to our forecast. I think you need to consider – we don't disagree with the 


December numbers, but Sehat mentioned in his prepared remarks that you have to consider we have a January month in 
our fiscal quarter. And I think the same data point you refer to would have declining Q1 typical seasonality. So, when 
you add that up together, Harlan, I think you'll find that our forecast is consistent with the end markets we serve. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay, thanks – okay, thanks, Clyde. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung of Citibank. Please, proceed. 

<Q>: Hi, can you – sorry, this is Ji for Glen Yeung. Can you talk about the mix of gaming versus comp processor and 
handset within mobile and wireless? And what is your expectation for the mobile and wireless division next year? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: To the first part of the question, we don't disclose 
the mix within the end market because it's collectively in that space, so sorry I can't help you with that, although the 
dynamics within it, we tried as best we can explain on the call. At mobile and wireless next year, was your question, Ji, 
end market or Marvell? 

<Q>: Oh, sorry, for Marvell – and the end market. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: [Laughter] I think – I was reading recently that end 
markets is expected – we participate in smartphones, and that smartphone market is intended to grow fairly 
substantially next year. I was reading a report this morning I think on the same effect, that it's planning to grow. So, we 
think that market is going to grow substantially next year and at Marvell we intend to grow at least at the market, if not 
better. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. And then the second question is, you discussed some weakness in enterprise networking with 
some inventory reduction at customers. Have you seen the inventory work through so far? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Well, we're only one month into that quarter, so it's 
still early. I think this – I don't think this is going be a prolonged inventory workout. The supply chain as we've 
demonstrated early in the year on the PC side of it is fairly efficient about working through inventory so I don't think 
this is going be prolonged. Whether it's going be one quarter or so, I don't think it's going be a prolonged effect for that. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, Ji. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sukhi Nagesh of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 

<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Thanks for taking my question. Clyde, I think recent commentary suggests that the market for 
the Microsoft Kinect actually is better than expected, and yet you're guiding your wireless LAN business on the console 
side to decline significantly here. Maybe you can help us explain, maybe is there other platforms that are going down 
other than Microsoft? And what kind of dynamics are taking place in that area? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: I would agree. I think Kinect is an exciting one, 
Sukhi. I just bought one a couple days ago, so I'll be dancing this weekend to that, but 


<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And we have three employees buy them. 
We have – my employees buy three. [Laughter] 


<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: There you go, so it is. You know, that's very good 
product and all our customers in this space seem to be doing very well, but I think you got to look at it in the aggregate. 
Most of these guys as we've indicated earlier, build it up, get it on a boat or plane, however, they deliver it to you 
consumers here, and then they take a pause. So, there's potential to be upside. I don't think it's going to move the needle 
for that one part of that product, but we're happy to hear that our customer products are doing well. 

<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Got it, okay. And then switching over to the operating expenses side of things, your R&D was 
lower in the October quarter, and yet you're guiding your R&D – your overall OpEx to increase in the January quarter, 
despite your revenue being down. Was there something that happened in the October quarter that's pushing your R&D 
into the current quarter? Can you help us, explain why your overall OpEx is going up? Thanks. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: No, there's nothing that was pushing through the 
quarter. We've described to you guys our model. We are very excited about the long-term prospects. We have a ton of 
new products in the pipeline that we need to invest in and will continue to invest. And obviously, Sukhi, I know you 
know this, we don't invest in the company on a quarter by quarter basis. As both Sehat and I indicated earlier, we think 
this is more of a seasonal trend. So, we'll continue to invest in the company, we'll continue to increase R&D, and that's 
pretty much where that is. There was no management as such, as your question might imply. I think we intend to 
continue to grow R&D to sustain the revenue growth we see ahead of us. 

<Q - Sukhi Nagesh>: Great, thank you, guys. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, Sukhi. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava [BMO Capital Markets] Please proceed. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Hi, thanks. Clyde, just to follow up on Harlan's earlier question on the disk drive, and I 
guess expectations are anywhere from flat to up a little bit Q-over-Q. But what does it say of the ramp that you are 
undergoing at one of your customers, is there some implication that the ramp is falling out, or is there a pricing issue 
here that we might be seeing? And then I had a follow-up as well for you, Clyde. Thanks. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Sure, no, this doesn't say anything about a ramp. Just 
like with the previous question, one customer, one product isn't going to move the needle when you're looking at $900 
million cost of revenues. So, there's no message in the ramp at that particular customer. We started off a couple quarters 
ago. That continues. We expect that to continue into next year and typically, takes a few quarters for that to improve. 
So, there's nothing, no change from where we are. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I can give some additional some color to 
that. This is – okay, the drive industry is an industry that's misunderstood by many people, including our own people 
internally. So, it takes a long time to get the design win, and it takes – it seems – and usually it takes times – longer 
time to get new design wins to ramp up. And then – especially at the early times, early days of the ramp-up schedule. 
And then also on the other hand, okay, at the tail end of the ramp-up, usually takes a faster ramp-up than expected. So, 
you have these – fact that is quite unique in this industry. 

So because of this, in the last 15 years, okay, we are doing this business, we never look at this backlog or – this profile 
as a measure of success into this business. But the way we measure it is by the design wins, okay, whether we have the 
design wins or not. When we get the design wins, okay, that is sufficient to make us feel comfortable then. When the 
designs fully ramp up, we will have significant market share, as usually those programs will take over the older 
products. So, I think at the end of the day, that's what matters. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay, and I'll raise my hand first that I don't understand the industry that well either, but 
thanks for the clarification and your track record is there, so. As a follow-up real quick, Clyde, on the buyback, could 
you help us understand what kind of parameters are you using to start implementing the 500 million that you 


announced last quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Sure, the parameters are simple. We're going to buy 

– what we announced is 500 million. And we bought just over 10% of that last quarter, and we'll continue to buy in the 
market going forward. There's no other parameters other than those metrics. 
<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay, great, thanks. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Okay. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Ambrish. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering on your guidance of down 
3% at the midpoint, if you could help us understand what's baked into that guidance in terms of both end demand, 
sell-through during the holiday season, as well as Chinese New Year heading into January? Thank you. And what 
swing factors could cause that to be up or down on either end of that range? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Good question, Jim. The end demand sell-through, 
which all of us looks at, probably maybe a little bit earlier than Black Friday this time around, won't have as much 
effect, because if things are doing well, it's hard to go back into the supply chain, affect supply, which still fairly decent 
lead times to be able to turn that around into the quarter. So, it would have an effect in perhaps the next quarter, or 
obviously long term, and hopefully it's a positive thing for all of us. But it's unlikely to have an effect for us in this 
quarter. With respect to Chinese New Year, we don't 


<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's harder – that's harder to – I think with 
Chinese New Year, it's a little bit harder to predict what the effect's going to be. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Right, so – right. So, it is harder and it's in early 
February this year, so it would have the timing of when people either consume products, or build ahead for the factory 
shutdowns would have an effect, and we've tried our best to accommodate some of that into our forecast. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay, great, that's helpful. And then as a follow-up, I'd really like to get your opinion on how 
you see the potential for cannibalization of the hard drive market overall. Whether that's tablets cannibalizing netbooks 
or even within – excuse me, notebooks, or even within notebooks, solid-state drives versus hard drives? And any kind 
of quantification you can provide on that would be very helpful. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I think we – okay, we talk about this 
many times in the last few quarters. I still believe in the same comments that we've been always saying. The hard drive 
markets will – okay, well, the – the tablets is going to have some impacts on the hard drive markets. That's clear, but – 
because the form factor requires that, because the tablets have to be much, much thinner than the notebooks. 

However, having said that, the notebooks market will also – will continue to grow as the pricing of the notebooks are 
significantly lower price than the tablets. And there's significant numbers of users around the world that today do not 
have yet PC exposure. So, there's a lot of greenfield markets for notebooks, as well as for tablets. So, I'll say that both 
have opportunities. So, now – so because this – because of these dynamics of tablets getting – some people in the 
developed world, they already have a PC, already have notebooks, maybe they will buy – for a change, they will buy 
tablets. 

For people that have older – especially if it's laptops are pretty new already, it's only like a year old, so they'll probably 
wait and buy tablets. But as these lower power, higher performance PCs, laptops come into the market, they also buy – 
they have to replace that to buy more laptops. So, okay, our projection is that the HDD will – initially – okay, for now, 


okay, it's going to be flattish. But the growth, okay, because of the economy and – but in the long run this will continue 
to grow. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: And if I may, add to that, to the other part of your 
question, Jim, is with respect to SSD in – even within notebooks, we are very strong in SATA-based controllers. We 
have that product, so to some extent, we are agnostic when that transition happens. Whether somebody buys a drive and 
we sell them HDD controller into that drive or they sell a SSD that likely will have SATA-based stuff, we are very, 
very strong in that space. And I think we will fare very well if that part of the transition happens. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think maybe I forgot to mention if that 
happens, if there are more SSDs sold because we have very strong presence in the controllers on the SSD side, the fact 
that the SSD controllers are sold at higher price than the HDD controllers, okay, the net effect actually we should be – 
we'll be in a better position. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, Jim. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Thanks, Jim. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso of Susquehanna Financial Group. Please proceed. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Hi, thank you. I wonder if I could just follow up to an earlier inventory question and just make sure 
I got the understanding correctly. Being, if you could address where you think you're shipping against consumption in 
both the hard drive markets, and the networking markets? Do you think there's still inventory to burn off on those 
markets? Or as you go forward, should your revenue really be tracking what's going on in those end markets? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Thanks, Chris. On the hard drive market, I think we 
said on the last call on the supply chain side of it, we think the inventory issue has been, so there might have been some 
still on the OEM side in the PC side of it, but even then I believe that's pretty much worked past us. And as we've 
demonstrated in Q3 results and our Q4 forecast albeit with that January month, we ship into consumption. So, short 
answer to the drive side of it is we believe the inventory is behind us and we're back to consumption levels, whatever 
that translates into. 

On the networking side, that's more recent and it's hard to say because it's a bigger, longer, I think more complicated 
supply chain. So, it's hard to say where we are in that thing. But I think – I said earlier that I believe the participants in 
that space are reacting very well. So, I don't think it's going be prolonged, but it's hard for us to say exactly where we 
think we are in that cycle. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Okay, that's fair. As a follow-up, is there any update you could provide us with what's going on 
with China Mobile now and your design engagements for them? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Hey, okay, so I guess the question's related to the 
TD-SCDMA single chip communication processors for the smartphones. So, that – okay, that's going actually very 
well. The first customer they'll be – there'll be a first customer starting shipping this quarter, and the rest are expected – 
we expect the rest to be shipping in the next half a year – I mean, the first half of the year, the first half of the next year. 
So, various different customers obviously. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Uche Orji of UBS. Please proceed. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Can you hear me? 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Yes, Uche. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Cool, okay. Let me just – probably as a follow-up to Jim's question about how the tablet market 
impacts you, can you talk about any traction that your ARMADA chip could be having in the tablet market? I mean, 
you have talked about so many SKUs of tablets that will be coming. Any comment at all as to Marvell's positioning in 
that market? And then I have a follow-up as well. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, so maybe I can cover part of it and 
not miss anything, we can slide maybe on to – certain part of the ARMADA devices are targeted for the tablet market. 
We – also a certain portion of the products that we build for the ARMADA family is targeted for set-top box, Blu-ray 
player, application processor for the TV, as well as for other smart display-type applications. 

So if you look at the family of those products, we have – really you can consider targeting for consumer, consumer 
grade types of devices that drives web-types of services, as well as providing HD videos, HD audios and 3D gaming 
capability. So, the – this is a newer part of our target market, but we are very excited because this is – it's a huge market 
opportunity for the future growth of Marvell. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: The only thing I'd add, Uche, as you very well 
know, the tablet market as shipping today is dominated by one company, and the supply chain for that is well 
documented. But I think this is an opportunity ahead for us and I think we're comfortable that we have designs that 
should come to market next year. And I think we'll improve our hand as the future unfolds. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I also forgot to mention and maybe I 
should mention a little bit, in – also in certain parts of the tablet market where they need the built-in modem 
functionality, we are also well-positioned because we have integrated communication processors there that also can be 
used in that market. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: I see, I see, okay, that's helpful. Clyde, let me just ask you about – I think it was something you had 
said in fiscal fourth quarter when you provided medium- to long-term revenue CAGR for the company, I think it was 
something in the order of 20%, 25%. As we start to look at various factors in the business today, is that still something 
you're willing to reiterate? And if that's the case, as we look down at the future, can you kind of help us walk through 
where the most significant revenue growth opportunities for Marvell will come from? Without necessarily providing 
specific guidance, just how we should think about the medium- to longer-term growth outlook for the company? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yeah, I think we said that we usually provide that 
business model at the beginning of the quarter so we'll do it on the next call. The last one was about nine months ago. 
We haven't changed our views. These are three-year growth models. We haven't changed our views on it and shouldn't 
do that in any given quarter, whether it's a good quarter or not so good quarter. So, we still believe that's the right target 
model for us. We believe we are tracking to that. 

And the areas where it would come is still the same. We expect all three end markets that we serve and plus a fourth 
emerging one that – we call it Other, but there's a number of products in there, we expect all of those to contribute to 
the top-line. So, I don't think anything has changed nor would I encourage any investor to think that we've changed any 
of the view. You shouldn't change – those views are long term. We shouldn't change it. We don't manage the business 
on a quarter basis with respect to our long-term models. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure, sure, fair enough. And just one last question, your inventory was down for the quarter. If we 
look – if you look into the channel, any commentary you can make about inventory and other aspects apart from the 
networking area, where obviously what's good on there was well documented, what sense can you give us as to the 
inventory within storage and also, within the mobile and wireless area? Just to get a sense of whether it's declining 
eventually – you've seen it – is it something that is expected to going forward in the channel? Thank you. 


<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yeah, Uche, we tried to answer it a couple of times 
in the call so nothing – no different. I think on the storage side or the drive side, I think the inventory issue is well 
behind us. We ship into end markets. Networking, same comment as before. It's still early and a complicated food chain 
for us to predict, so can't give you more color than that. And don't see anything in mobile and wireless right now that 
concerns us, so I'd reiterate what we said earlier in the call. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Amanda, we'll take the next call, please. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Yes, sir. Your next question comes from the line of John Pitzer of Credit Suisse. Please proceed, sir. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Clyde, you mentioned that your 
guidance for the January quarter for networking to be flat was somewhat a function of what you think's going to be 
kind of a short-lived inventory situation. But when you go back and look over the last several quarters, that business 
has been kind of flattish. And I'm just kind curious, I know there's some of the Ethernet controller on the PC side, 
which was related to PC weakness. But what are some of the bottoms up product cycles you see on the enterprise side 
that's going to help drive sequential growth from here? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: So we still have – we are up and up at customers on 
the enterprise switches and that I think will continue to grow. We have very competitive products. We announced I 
believe a year ago-ish, some PON products and you should see that starting to ramp. We have customer design wins in 
that space, and that should start ramping up next year and those are just two examples of stuff in that space. This end 
market is characterized 


<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: High capacity, high end top of the rack 
switches like 10 gigabits and beyond switches, 40 gigabit. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Right 


<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So again, that's for next year types of 
revenue. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: So we have a number of good products, including 
what Sehat mentioned, John. For this market, the latency period from designs to production is a lot longer than say a 
PC or consumer type market. So, you can't judge it on a quarter by quarter basis. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: That's helpful. Then I guess, guys, when you look at the ARMADA relative to the guidance for the 
January quarter, could – given the design wins you guys see, could ARMADA be up sequentially? Or just help me 
understand how I should think about that relative to new product ramps? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: John, we don't describe within the thing by product 
and part of it is I try not to remember it so I don't inadvertently tell you. So, honestly I don't know. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: I guess 


<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: It's trending positively, I would do that. As some – 
one of the callers earlier mentioned, one of the products we're in there is doing very well so it's trending positively. But 
I really couldn't give you any more color than that. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great, thanks, guys. 

<A - Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Thanks, John. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Devgan of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Hey, guys, thanks so much for taking my call. Just a question on your handset business, your 
comm processor, your wins with RIM, and the China Mobile engagement are well documented. I was just wondering if 
you can give us an update on kind of your efforts with Tier 1 handset OEMs outside of the China Mobile relationship? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's too early to talk any specific 
names, but you can – if you're talking about outside the China Mobile, means outside TD-SCDMA or outside specific 


<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Talking mainstream outside of China, outside of TD-SCDMA with Tier 1 handset OEMs, any 
kind of color you can give us there in terms of potential engagements or when we should kind of look to kind of new 
growth opportunities? 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's probably – it's too early to talk 
about it at this point 


<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Okay. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that's probably the 


<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: And then I guess maybe then kind of following up with the ARMADA, just standalone 
ARMADA, following up with what Uche and John Pitzer said, if you can kind of give us some color, how has that kind 
of tracked relative to your expectations internally? Have you guys been pleased with the uptick of that? And I'm talking 
specifically outside of comm processors and outside of the gaming platforms. 

<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, compared to our aggressive 
internal expectation, obviously we are always usually – usually the real life answer is to be slower than our most 
aggressive expectations. Compared to our conservative expectation, I would just – I will say we are quite in line. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: And, compared to reality. So, for that expectations, 
compared to reality, that is ramping up very well. But as Sehat indicated, we always try to drive 


<A - Sehat Sutardja, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, clearly we always try to drive 
things to be more aggressively. 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Sure, sure, okay. I guess just lastly, in closing, quick question for Clyde, now it's the obligatory 
uses of cash question. You're coming up on 3 billion in cash. Was wondering when you guys would revisit the share 
buyback or potential dividend? Is that something more a 2011 or when can we expect some more news on that? 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: We are in the middle of a share buyback program. 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Sure. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Still in the early stages of it. So, I think the direction 
on that is to continue and fill that out and we'll deal with as we get to the end of it what next to do. With respect to a 
dividend, it's always on our radar. We have discussions inside the company, but obviously nothing to announce today 
about it. But we do – are having more and more discussions today than say a year or two ago about it obviously, and 
that's probably as much as I can say right now. 

<Q - Sanjay Devgan>: Okay, thank you very much, guys. 

<A - Clyde R. Hosein, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Thank you. 

Operator 


This concludes the question and answer session for today's call. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Jeff Palmer for 
closing remarks. 

Jeff Palmer, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Thanks, Amanda. I'd like to thank everyone for their time today and continued interest in Marvell. As a reminder, we'll 
be attending several investor conferences over the coming weeks. On December 1, we will be attending the Credit 
Suisse Annual Technology Conference in Scottsdale, Arizona. And on December 8, we'll be attending the NASDAQ 
OMX Technology Conference in London, England. We thank you for your interest in Marvell and look forwarded to 
speaking with you at these upcoming conferences over the coming months. Thank you very much for your interest in 
Marvell. Bye now. 

Operator 

This concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


