Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations 
• Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance 
• D. Mark Durcan 
• Mark Adams 
Other Participants 

• Shawn Webster 
• Daniel Berenbaum 
• Glen Yeung 
• Doug Freedman 
• Uche Orji 
• Tim Luke 
• Kate Kotlarsky 
• John Pitzer 
• Atif Malik 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Huey and I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome 
everyone to Micron Technology's First Quarter 2011 Financial Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. After the call, all lines – excuse me; following the remarks there will be a 
question and answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Kipp Bedard. Sir, you may begin your conference. 

Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Thank you very much. Welcome, everybody, to Micron Technology's First Quarter 2011 Financial Release Conference 
Call. On the call today is Steve Appleton, Chairman and CEO; Mark Durcan, President and Chief Operating Officer; 
and Mr. Ron Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance; and also with us today is Mark Adams, 
Vice President of Worldwide Sales. 

This conference call including audio and slides is also available on Micron's website at Micron.com. If you have not 
had an opportunity to review the first quarter 2011 financial press release, it is also available on our website at 
Micron.com. Our call will be approximately 60 minutes in length. There will be an audio replay of this call accessed by 
dialing 706-645-9291 with a confirmation code of 32359725. This replay will run through Wednesday, December 29, 
2010 at 5:30 pm Mountain time. 

A webcast replay will be available on the company's website until December 2011. We encourage you to monitor our 
website at Micron.com throughout the quarter for the most current information on the company including information 


on the various financial conferences that we will be attending. 

Please note the following Safe Harbor statement. During the course of this meeting we may make projections or other 
forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of the company and the 
industry. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions and that actual events or results may differ 
materially. We refer you to the documents the company files on a consolidated basis from time to time with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically the company's most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. These 
documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results for the company on a consolidated 
basis to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. 

These certain factors can be found in the Investor Relations section of Micron's website. Although we believe that the 
expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of 
activity, performance or achievements. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the 
date of the presentation to conform these statements to actual results. 

And now I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Steve Appleton. Steve? 

Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Kipp. I'm going to make some opening comments, then I'll turn it over to Ron for some commentary on the 
financials, and then we'll open it for Q&A for any of us here participating on the call today. I'll start out with some of 
the activity we had in our fiscal Q1. 

In the operations and technology side, we had a number of achievements worth noting. First of all, our NAND 
25-nanometer transition is actually going quite well and I think we would characterize it as being ahead of schedule, so 
that now a majority of our NAND bits are now shipping with Micron's 25-nanometer advanced process. 

In addition to that, Inotera is now 100% on Micron's stack technology and they're now just getting back up to starting at 
full capacity, so we think that we're well on our way to improving both volume and yield there. Clearly as we noted 
before, there were some difficulties previously but they're on a pretty good trajectory right now. So if you listen to what 
– our commentary about it and listen to their commentary about it, I think they feel like they're on a pretty good path 
moving forward. 

In addition to that, IMSF (sic) [IMFS] [IM Flash Singapore LLP] started its first wafers and that's utilizing our 
advanced 25-nanometer process as well, so we're pretty excited about that. I would note though that we don't think 
there's going to be any significant output out of the facility until the middle of next year. Obviously they'll be in a start 
and qualification and ramp phase before then, but we're all pretty excited that we are underway there. 

Switching over and trying to talk about the markets a little bit, in the DRAM market, in our last earnings call, I noted 
that we had started to see some softening in the PC space for DRAM and that weakness has continued, even though it's 
primarily been with the DDR3 product. In fact, I noticed the Hynix CEO comments a few days ago acknowledging that 
this environment I think is going to have a impact on their current quarter. Clearly it's having an impact on our current 
quarter. 

But I guess what I want to emphasize is I don't think this is the winter of 2007 and 2008, and you might ask why that's 
the case. First of all, I really do think that what we're experiencing right now is a demand-driven weakness as opposed 
to a supply side-driven weakness. What I mean by that is we had such a sharp turn I guess starting about a year ago, 
year and a half ago, and that was driven by the damage that had been done in the DRAM industry. And as a result, 
those of us that were still around and able to produce were a beneficiary of that. As opposed to the environment where 
there's been a lot of capacity come online, I don't think that's happened and most of you know that by noting the 
amount of wafer output that's come online. And that really we're still in a period of phase, I think, where – maybe a 
little bit unexpectedly but we're seeing weakness in the more commoditized space and particularly the PC space. 


I also think that we had some technology transitions pile up as people were trying to get converted over to the next 
generation of technology. And that added up maybe to a little more – a few more bits into the market than we thought 
they would, but it happened all similar timeframe. And that also I would note that, keep in mind, this is seasonally a 
slower time of the year for us as well. So I'm not suggesting we're not going to have some weakness, but we might be 
in a period of time here where we have a quarter or two or a three- to six-month period where pricing's in this lower 
range. 

The counter to that, of course, is I think that CapEx and output for DRAM is going to adjust pretty quickly. Have 
already seen a couple of comments coming out of others in the industry around that. And what I find interesting is 
there's now a forecast for the CapEx to be down in 2011 from 2010, and keep in mind that the CapEx in 2010 peaked at 
about half of what the CapEx was in 2007. So as I said, I think it'll adjust pretty quickly. 

And then another reference point for everybody is that, as I said, although the mainstream commodity DRAM has had 
some pricing hit and it's kind of in this $1.00 per gigabit, it seems to have stabilized and it's obviously still well above 
the $0.50 per gigabit that we had a couple years ago when the costs were a lot higher. So obviously it's still down 
quarter-to-date and we have a period of time here where have to deal with it. But I think it's also positive that the 
specialty business is relatively flat and pricing's pretty stable there. So that's the DRAM front. 

Switching over to the NAND, I think some of you probably already know from a lot of the reports in the industry that it 
appears that we've already hit bottom and price has recovered mildly. There's some pretty bright spots. SSDs in 
particular for us have gone well and the smartphones are holding up pretty well. I think that's a benefit to the DRAM as 
well, although we got to see what happens when we move through the rest of the season. We began shipping volume 
shipments to Tier 1 OEMs for our SSDs and we're going to launch our P400 enterprise product coming up here next 
month, so we feel pretty good about that. On the NOR front, as you might expect, there is some mild pricing pressure 
but really for the most part it's been pretty stable. 

A couple of things to remind everybody on the call about, our CapEx, as we've stated, our range hasn't really changed 
for the year but remember that this quarter is our big CapEx quarter. And with respect to why that is, the first thing is 
that it's directly tied to the timing of getting IMFS underway, and so this is the largest period of time when we start 
paying for the equipment. That's why the CapEx this quarter will be bigger than any other quarter we have in the fiscal 
year, and after this quarter that we're in right now, it'll start to taper off. 

And then in addition to that, Intel is currently not participating with the CapEx in IMFS but we actually are pretty 
comfortable with that. Number one, we already have that in our financial model making the assumption they aren't 
going to participate; and secondly, we could really use the output for servicing our customers. So from that perspective 
we're in pretty good shape. I will tell you though that they have the ability to come in and participate in downstream 
cap expansion and we're happy if they do, and we're also happy if they don't so to speak because we like both sides of 
that equation. 

With respect to how it impacts our financial model, obviously the CapEx that'll be in under our umbrella does require 
more of our own cash, but the other thing that I want to point out is in terms of – there's two components to the 
relationship. One is the output sharing side, which is the joint venture, and then the other is the development side. And 
on the development side there's really no change in that and there won't be any change on that, independent of what we 
do with respect to sharing of the output. 

So I think that their analysis is how much output do they want, which impacts their desire – to or the level of sharing 
with us as we make future investments in additional capacity. But with respect to the development side of it, in other 
words the R&D cost sharing, we're completely in line with what we were doing and what we will be doing, which is 
sharing that equally moving forward. 

All this leads me to my final comment which is these strong cycles are exactly why we pursued expanding our product 
portfolio, and it's in times like these where it really starts working to our advantage. In other words, as we've done a lot 
of the M&A or a lot of product expansion over time, this is the environment that we prepared ourselves for where we'd 
get some cycles in one segment or another, and yet be able to have the financials of the company hold up pretty well, in 


particular in comparison to a lot of those companies that just have a single product. 

So with that, let me turn it over to Ron for some commentary on the financials. 

Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance 

Thanks, Steve. The company's first quarter of fiscal 2011 ended December 2. Similar to last quarter, we're also 
providing a schedule that posts certain key results for the first quarter as well as estimated metrics for the second 
quarter, and we've summarized that material on the following couple of slides. 

In last quarter's call we mentioned that we would be reporting on the reorganization of our reportable segments, 
partially in light of our recent acquisition of Numonyx. That reorganization is still ongoing, and we expect to have it 
completed and in place for reporting of our second quarter results. We still anticipate those segments will focus on 
markets which generally aligned around DRAM, embedded, NAND and wireless solutions. The results of the first 
quarter are reported in a manner similar to the past, and include the reportable segments of Memory and Numonyx. 

There are several items for the quarter that are worthy of further comment. In recent years and as demonstrated in our 
first quarter, the company has been working to monetize some of our investments in technology through licensing our 
intellectual property. Our first quarter results include a gain in other operating income from the $200 million receipt 
from Samsung for patent cross-license entered into in the quarter. 

There's a withholding tax on this payment of $33 million which was recognized as additional income tax expense in 
Q1. In accordance with the agreement, we anticipate receiving additional payments of $40 million in the second quarter 
and $35 million in the third quarter, each recorded in other operating income in the respective quarter. Income tax 
provision in the second and third quarters will also reflect the applicable withholding taxes on these payments. 

To balance the timing of maturities of some of the company's debt obligations and to reduce the potential dilution from 
the convertible notes, during the first quarter we repurchased a portion of our outstanding convertible notes and 
exchanged another portion for new convertible notes. The exchange retired $175 million of the 1 7/8 convertible notes 
and replaced them with similar 1 7/8 convertible notes that mature in 2027. 

In the repurchase transactions, a total carrying amount of $232 million was redeemed for $328 million in cash 
including fees. Primarily as a result of the 4.25% notes being substantially in the money, we recognized a 
non-operating loss on the exchange and repurchases of $111 million in the first quarter. This series of transactions also 
removed the effect of at least 43 million shares from potential dilution in the future. 

First quarter revenue from our Memory segment, primarily comprised of DRAM and NAND, decreased 12% compared 
to the fourth quarter. DRAM selling prices, as Steve mentioned, came under pressure in the first quarter and decreased 
23% compared to the previous quarter. Total idle capacity costs, which are charged directly to costs of goods sold, were 
$59 million in the first quarter compared to 40 million in the fourth quarter. Singapore fab startup costs in the second 
quarter are expected to be approximately the same as in Q1. 

Sales from the Numonyx segment increased slightly in the first quarter compared to the preceding quarter as a result of 
increases in selling prices, offset by a slight decrease in unit sales volume. Margins on this business over the past 
quarter have demonstrated good stability and decreased only slightly compared to the fourth quarter. As we look 
forward to the second quarter, we expect to see revenue from the Numonyx business in the low 500 million range, 
which reflects a seasonal decline compared to the first quarter. We expect the Numonyx gross margin in Q2 to be 
roughly the same as Q1. 

In addition, recall that the Numonyx inventories were written up to their fair values in our acquisition accounting. This 
write-up artificially reduced the gross margin on Numonyx product sales by approximately 10 percentage points in Q1. 
We expect this effect to be somewhat lower in the second quarter, and have a long tail after that. 

Operating expenses in the first quarter were $325 million. The level of SG&A spending was relatively consistent with 
the prior quarter. Q2 SG&A expenses are expected to be in the $140 million to $150 million range. 


R&D expense decreased in the first quarter compared to the previous quarter primarily due to lower levels of 
development spending on 50-nanometer and 42-nanometer DRAM products as additional products move out of 
development and into commercial volume production. R&D expense for the quarter benefited from credits of 
approximately $50 million from joint development programs, consistent with the fourth quarter. R&D expense is 
expected to increase in the second quarter to $195 million to $205 million range primarily due to increased labor costs 
and a higher volume of pre-qualification wafers processed. 

The company generated $732 million in cash flow from operating activities in the first quarter. While a decrease 
compared to the prior quarter, it significantly outpaced spending on capital expenditures of 570 million during the 
quarter. We also used $635 million to repay debt, including the 328 million in convertible notes I mentioned earlier and 
$200 million in repayment of debt that originated with Micron's acquisition of its Inotera shares. The balance was due 
to normal debt amortization in the quarter. The cash and equivalent balance at the end of the first quarter was $2.7 
billion including $337 million classified as restricted cash. 

Now I'll close and turn it back to Kipp. 

Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations 

Thanks, Ron. And with that, we'd like to take questions from callers. Just a reminder, if you are using a speakerphone, 
please pick up the handset when asking a question so we can hear you clearly. With that, we'd like to open it up to 
questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first questioner in queue comes from Shawn Webster with Macquarie. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, thank you very much. In terms of the NOR Flash business, can I reconcile some of the 
data you provided? You said it was high teens for you in fiscal Q1 but it would fall into the low 500 range. Is the 
percent that you're quoting there in that foil or is that a percent of that memory revenue only, or how should we 
calibrate that? Because I get more like a $500 million-ish number for Q1. 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: So revenue for Numonyx in Q1 
was about $573 million. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, great; thank you very much. And then in terms of your full year production, the DRAM 
production sequentially in Q1 looked like it came a little light relative to my estimates. Can you talk about what's 
happening there? What might have driven the production miss there? And then can you give us your outlook for your 
full year, either in your fiscal year or your calendar year production expectations for NAND and DRAM? 

<A - Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Sure, Shawn. This is Kipp. When we give you the 
production numbers, we generally measure it when it hits finished goods. And just timing-wise we had a bubble sit in 
WIP, which is where we saw the inventory increase. So what you would expect to hear from us is that the bit growth 
guidance into Q2 is going to be unusually large, which it is. We'll be in the high teens to low 20s sequential bit growth 
as that WIP moves on through inventory. 

Then we've – Shawn, we've stayed away from a year-over-year number for now because as you know, we have a lot of 
moving parts, so for now we're going to stay with kind of quarter-to-quarter. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, and then in terms of the OpEx trends coming up a little bit in Q2, is there anything 
lumpy that happens over the course of Q3, Q4 or a period where the OpEx might come down because it gets 


reclassified? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: In terms of general OpEx trends, 
Shawn, our view is that we target to be in a range on average in up cycles and down cycles around 15% of revenue for 
total OpEx. And if you look at that, we're about in that range today. We just a few months ago, as you know, brought 
Numonyx in, which actually had an OpEx structure higher than Micron's and higher than 15%, and we're in the process 
of integrating that into the company right now. So what I think you see going on now are some investments to get that 
integration done, and as we go through the next couple of quarters, we'll begin seeing benefits of the full integration of 
those activities, and certainly plan to stay on our 15% OpEx model over time. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And then maybe if I could squeeze one final one in, in terms of your customers' 
shipment expectations going into Q1, what's your gauge in terms of will your shipments be better than seasonal, 
seasonal? Relative to normal seasonality, there's been a lot of discussion out elsewhere in the PC food chain that there's 
an expectation for notebook demand, for example, to be better than expected on the component side, and just like to 
hear your perspective on it. Thank you. 

<A - Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations>: I think the overall feeling going into our fiscal second 
quarter is about seasonal in pace. We think that the PC business channel inventory is actually better than one would 
expect given the pricing environment. We think people are managing their inventories tighter coming out of a couple of 
tough years in 2008, 2009. So we think the inventory in the channel is better and thus the potential for a recovery in the 
PC space is there. We haven't quite seen signs of it just yet, but we think it's a much tighter food chain than it was 
couple years back. 

The wireless environment, mobile phones, smartphones particularly, remains pretty healthy going into the holidays and 
all expectations are that will continue to be pretty good. Steve mentioned in his opening comments that SSDs in general 
were pretty positive for Micron. I think that's a reflection of the maturity of that market beyond just client and the 
potential growth in 2011 overall for enterprise drives. So we think overall the demand drivers are there in place. How it 
manifests itself in our second quarter due to the seasonality is somewhat hard to predict today, but we're cautiously 
optimistic. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next questioner in queue is Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga USA. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Yeah; hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. On the projected cost reductions, just 
looking at what appears you're guiding, on the NAND side, it seems you're guiding down mid- to high single digits. 
That seems a little bit light compared to what I would have expected for ramping [inaudible] Singapore and for 
ramping 25-nanometer. Can you talk a little bit about what are the gives and takes there and what we should expect for 
NAND cost reduction over the course of the next couple quarters? 

<A - D. Mark Durcan>: Yeah; hey, Dan. This is Mark. I think we – as Steve alluded to, we're very happy with the 
way the 25-nanometer ramp is going and we're into that full swing. What we play off against that now is the ramping of 
a new fab which as you know generally brings costs in advance of bit output. So there's a – somewhat of a mitigating 
effect there as we move through the next couple of quarters ramping IMFS, but generally speaking, pretty comfortable 
with the NAND trajectory and the 20-nanometer that'll come into play in the summer as well. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: So then how long does it take to ramp the fab until we start to see sort of higher cost 
reduction, higher than the mid- to high single digits, that cost reduction you're talking about for next quarter? 

<A - D. Mark Durcan>: Yeah, I think we've got a couple of quarters, Dan, as we load the fab. And then when you get 
to about three quarters out, then you start seeing the benefits of that operation. So I'd look at a couple of quarters of 
relatively muted cost reduction on the NAND side, and then seeing the benefits as we get into the second half of the 


calendar year. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay, and then just shifting over to royalty revenue, what was royalty revenue in the 
quarter? And how should we – obviously with the exception of the large Samsung payment, what was ongoing royalty 
revenue and how should we expect that to play out over the next couple of quarters? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: Dan, this is Ron. Royalty revenue 
was about 9 million in the quarter. Recall the conversation on the last earnings call. We've converted predominantly to 
an R&D cost-sharing model so we have a significant amount of our payments going in as credits to R&D, which was 
about $50 million in the quarter. There's now about $9 million on the revenue line. Going forward in Q2, I would 
expect that to move up some, even on the revenue line as a result of Inotera ramping and the stack technology being put 
into place. And we'll continue the R&D credits as we go through the quarters. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay, thanks. And, Ron, just one other question on taxes. It looks like you guided $20 
million to $30 million taxes. Is that due to a higher – or do you think about it in terms of a tax rate? Or is this just sort 
of a flat dollar value you're going to have to pay to certain jurisdictions? And how should we think about that moving 
forward over the next couple years? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: Well, it's the latter for now. The 
$20 million, $30 million range is the mid- to higher end here for the next couple quarters because of the Samsung 
effect, of getting those payments from Samsung where we get a withholding tax on those payments from Samsung in 
the next couple of quarters. The tax structure of the company right now, since we are in a net operating loss use 
position in the United States, is that we are paying foreign jurisdiction taxes, which are going to normalize to probably 
a $20 million kind of range post the Samsung payments, be a way to think about it. And that will be in place until we 
get a – NOLs used up. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay, and then how much more is Samsung paying you next quarter, and is it done next 
quarter? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: $40 million in Q2 is our 
assumption and $35 million in Q3. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay; great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: Sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next questioner in queue is Glen Yeung with Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks a lot. Apologies for this but I just didn't catch the number. Did you give the amount the 
Samsung payment was in the November quarter? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: Yeah, it was $200 million gross 
payments in this Q1 fiscal quarter we're reporting, and there was a $33 million withholding tax that's in our income tax 
line, which is the reason our income taxes are higher. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Great, okay; thanks. Just wanted to clarify that. And then, Steve, maybe for you, you mentioned 
that in the commodity DRAM space you feel that it's more of a demand-driven scenario today. If we think about the 
course of calendar 2010, when prices were high at the beginning of the year, at least our analysis suggests bit per box 
has fallen to a lower number. Is your sense that that number can rise – bits per box can rise as you move into a Sandy 
Bridge environment, or is there no need for the customers to do that? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, well, first of all I think it was obviously 
climbing in the first part of the year and the effect that it had was there was a shortage of supply from – as I mentioned 


already, the kind of a lack of expansion going on in the industry combined with a higher demand scenario. And then 
that led to much higher pricing. And as you already noted, there's some de-spec'ing that goes on as they try to adjust 
their models. 

And I actually think that that'll probably start to reverse itself very soon if it's not already. It's hard to tell of course on a 
granular basis from week to week, but if you look at the – most of the information that's out there and if we look at the 
feedback we've had from our customer base, that that content per box is going to start going back up. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Does Sandy Bridge contribute to that or is it just a function of where pricing is, irrespective of 
where we are in the processor world? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I didn't hear it. Can you say that last part again? 
I didn't hear the question. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Sorry, does Sandy Bridge contribute to that at all? Or it just it doesn't matter, we've just gotten it 
so low, it's time to start taking it back up? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I think that helps as well. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: It does, okay. The other question I had is as you look at your CapEx run rate right now, I think if 
we add back equipment, you're just under 600 million for the year, and you say this is – sorry, for the quarter. And you 
say this is your big quarter relative to other quarters in the year. It would seem that you're running towards the low end 
of your projected annual CapEx budget. Is that a fair assessment? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, what I meant was the quarter that we're 
currently in. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So the quarter that we're currently in, not the 
one that you were referencing, which is the one we just reported. So the quarter that we're currently in is going to be 
our biggest CapEx quarter for the year. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Got it. So there's still [inaudible] 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: [inaudible] Yeah, so I think we're still in the 
range. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, fair enough. And then I guess the last question I have is when you look out into the 
February quarter, and I understand it's hard for you to give a feel for where you think pricing is going, but what's your 
sense about your ability to stay cash flow positive given so many of these things that are happening, right? You won't 
have the benefit of a big Samsung payment. You will have higher CapEx spend and pricing, at least in – it's likely to be 
down further on an average basis. Do you feel like you're sort of on the cusp of that? Or can you get a sense of one way 
or the other whether you'll be negative or positive free cash flow? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first of all, operating cash flow, we're 
obviously going to be positive. In fact, we remained positive even in the worst of times in the last downturn. In terms of 
free cash flow, clearly that's a combination of operating cash flow with CapEx and debt retirement. And as Ron noted 
earlier in the call, we had significant debt retirement this quarter as well, which is why the cash balance is what it is. 

And we just haven't made any decisions yet as to what we'll do on that front – as to what we did last quarter around 
debt retirement. And we'll have to see as we go through this period of time. But – so operating cash flow I don't think is 
any – of any question for us remaining positive. Free cash flow will just depend on what we do for a combination of 
things in the quarter. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, all right. Thanks. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next questioner in queue is Doug Freedman with Gleacher & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great, thanks, guys, for taking my question. Can you give us some clarity on what you're 
doing as far as how much of your product is going into the – is being sold under contract versus spot presently? And 
what you think that outlook looks like next quarter? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: So in the quarter we just reported, 
that ratio of contract to spot was lower than normal, given the product transitions and some of the qualification process 
that we were going through both on the DRAM and NAND side of our business. On a going forward basis, we 
obviously feel that will improve even in Q2, and so we feel that our OEM contract business as a percentage of overall 
will go back up to normal levels. Historically those levels are somewhere in the 70%, 75% contract and 20% to 25% 
spot, and then you've got our retail business which consumes that type of product as well. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay, can you also comment on the NOR side of the business? Some of your competitors 
commented that ASPs were down pretty materially heading into the fourth calendar quarter. Did you see the same 
thing, and is that having any impact on you? Are you able to keep up cost reductions on that side of the business as 
well? 

<A - Mark Adams>: Well, I think there's two things that work in our favor. I think in terms of the overall product 
breadth in NOR, we saw some of that towards the low density segment of the business, but in the higher density NOR 
as well as some of the specialty applications, embedded NOR pricing remained pretty favorable. And you also have to 
remember our technology, we've got a pretty solid roadmap on the 65-nanometer node, both in some of the legacy 
applications and some new technology we'll be shipping in Q1 '011 that keeps us in a pretty good position, healthy 
position cost wise. 

So I think what you're suggesting is true on the low end, low density NOR. There has been some healthy competition 
and eroding some price, but I think we're in a pretty good position vis-à-vis competition there. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: And if I could, Steve, one question for you, as you look at the marketplace and the conditions 
that you're seeing, you commented that you don't think you're heading into the nuclear winter I think is some of the 
terms you used that you saw a couple years back. What conditions would have to occur for you to trigger some change 
in your CapEx budget? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I'm not sure what you're trying to 
reference. I think the most significant condition for us of course is a lack of cash flow. Although as I said, I think 
operating cash flow-wise, we're in pretty good shape. There's very little – well, there's nothing we're going to do to 
change it in the quarter we're in right now. I mean we essentially are already committed to the ramp, it's happening, et 
cetera. What you're really referencing is what would we do towards the latter – the second half of the year or the latter 
part of calendar 2011 to change our thought process around CapEx? 

We haven't – we've really kept our commitment to IMFS to this kind of 16, 17k, if you will, run rate per week. And so I 
think the real question that surfaces is what condition has to happen for us to go beyond that? Because we're committed 
to run it, we know that's the efficient level it needs to be, et cetera. And by the way, that's the vast majority of our 
CapEx. We have some in the DRAM arena but not that much. And so it's really what has to happen first to go beyond 
that. 

And obviously for us to go beyond that, we have to have a fairly healthy market. We already have in our financial 
model the assumption that we're going to contribute that capital ourselves and frankly, we don't really see a whole lot of 
need to go out and do something different than our current path in order to be able to do that. Obviously we'll do some 
normal equipment financing that we would do over time that we've done in the past. But we don't have any current 
plans to do anything else and we think we're in pretty good shape. 


Now maybe to expand a little bit on your question around what has to happen for the industry to I think change course 
from what's happened the last few months, again it's worth pointing out that the majority of our competition is not in 
very good shape financially with their balance sheets. And so you've already seen some announcements where some 
are trying to push out their debt repayment structures, you've seen some announce that they're going to try to cut their 
CapEx, some announced they're going to try to cut projection, et cetera. 

I think that's all reflective of the fact that other than ourselves and maybe one other, you could argue maybe a second 
other, that we're the only ones that are really in pretty good financial shape and have a good balance sheet. Because as 
good as the DRAM market was in the last 12 months, it was just okay for a lot of them, and it certainly didn't give them 
any kind of ability to withstand any great downturn in the market again. 

So that's why I think that what we're experiencing right now is relatively temporary, that there's pretty quick reactions 
going on. And again, I pointed this out when I did the – I did a NASDAQ conference in London a few weeks ago, if 
you look at where all the CapEx dollars have gone, they've all gone into upgrading the technology. There's just so few 
dollars that have gone into new silicon in the DRAM arena, that it's all gone to upgrading technology. And I think 
frankly a lot of those plans probably got to get delayed given where the market is right now because they're just not 
generating any kind of cash. 

From our perspective, we have a course set. We're in great shape financially to pursue that course. And so that's why I 
mentioned earlier on that the real question for us is what has to happen for us to change that course? And clearly we're 
going to have to have a better market environment but from where we're at today, I think we're pretty set. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. If I – I'm going to slip one more in. How much of your capacity of DRAM is fungible 
and can move over and start producing NAND, and is it possible to do that? I believe some of your factories were set 
up in such a manner. I don't know where you stand today. 

<A - D. Mark Durcan>: We do have a fab that's currently running both NAND and DRAM and that's sort of the 
primary prerequisite I guess to being able to do that. Having said that though, the flexibility we have to move that back 
and forth is relatively limited, and wouldn't anticipate seeing any significant moves in terms of moving large amounts 
of capacity one way or the other. 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, and I think the other thing to add on top 
of that is that's most relevant in an environment where you are static in terms of your bit growth, because then you're 
trading off one for the other. But in our case, we have a scenario where we have Inotera ramping on Micron's 
technology, and we have a scenario where we have a new facility coming up on NAND, and so the need or the – if you 
really wanted to make adjustments there, you would just dial one or two of those efforts. You wouldn't really switch a 
whole lot in one of the current fabs in terms of making adjustments there. 

The reality is it also doesn't take a whole lot of adjustment to affect where you want your bits to go, because any of us 
that have that flexibility typically only do it within one facility because on the margin you need most of your product 
for whatever your customer base is that exists. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great, thanks for all the color. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next questioner in queue is Uche Orji with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Can you hear me? 

Operator 

Pardon me, Mr. Orji, your line is open. 


<Q - Uche Orji>: Yes, can you hear me? Thank you. 

Operator 

Yes, sir. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: So let me just ask you a couple of questions. On the inventory, you made some comment, inventory 
on the PC DRAM side being actually okay. Any way we can quantify that in terms of weeks in terms of DRAM? And 
then on general inventory, we noted an increase in the quarter. How much of this was from Inotera DRAM, and should 
we model inventory to grow especially as IMFS test wafers volume starts to grow through the next couple of quarters? 

<A - Mark Adams>: I'll take the first part as it relates to the PC DRAM question. We have seen some increase in 
inventory but it's been relatively mild, as I said earlier, given the pricing activity we've seen over the last quarter. What 
I mean by that is we're seeing inventory in the three to five-week range in the PC space up from what's normally in the 
two to three-week range. So given the pricing activity, you might suggest that there'd be deeper inventory concerns and 
we're just not seeing that. 

What we're seeing is a channel that's probably got a good memory from the last few years during the downturn and 
they're managing their inventories tighter, and we thus see that inventories are okay. They're not bad right now given 
the market conditions. I'll hand it over to Ron to answer the second question. 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: Yeah, I would say in terms of the 
inventory, as was mentioned, the first quarter we had a buildup in WIP inventory largely related to technology 
transitions and customer quals, and we expect that that will flow out as we go through forward to next quarter. So I 
wouldn't read anything significant into the inventory levels in Q1 and the transition into Q2 in terms of the overall 
volumes. We just see this as normal movement of our technology transitions. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, let me just ask you another question on COGS. I'm not sure, maybe I missed it when you said 
it, but can you just help me understand the IMFS startup costs impact on COGS in the first quarter and also what 
impact will be beyond the second quarter? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: This is Ron again. In terms of 
IMFS startup costs, we had about – I think about $44 million of startup costs in the first quarter related to IMFS. And in 
general, it's going to be about the same level in the second quarter. We are not – we're just starting up, as Steve 
mentioned, wafer starts. We don't have any product quals at this point so don't see a big ramp in the costs but they will 
continue in the startup or idle category, if you will, and we're segmenting those out for purpose of your understanding. 
And that will go on probably till about the third fiscal quarter when we begin to get some volume into qual status and 
can move some of that over to production, so that's sort of the timeframe I'd consider. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure, got it, that's helpful. And just my last question, in terms of SSD, you talked about demand 
being okay. And any sense as to how you expect the demand drivers for NAND to kind of play out through the rest of 
this year? Of course we all know what's happening with tablets but on SSD front, any color would be helpful. 

And also Intel not participating at this stage, I'm a little – if and when they do decide to participate, I mean how – 
maybe it's a question to ask Intel, not you, but I'm just trying to understand how that arrangement is left at the moment. 
I mean what are sort of things that – how should we begin to process the model at this point or should we just model 
everything from IMFS on to Micron and when Intel participates, we'll start to readjust the model? Is that how should 
we think about it? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So on the SSD question, as you mentioned, 
tablets have taken on a pretty healthy projected output on the NAND side, and that number is somewhere in the 10% of 
overall NAND capacity and this year will go to tablets in 2011 in that range. On the SSD side, you've got basically two 
dynamics playing out here, one in terms of overall client SSDs which have lower densities, and you have really the 
launch of the enterprise segment. Even though it's had its start in 2010, it's really – the volume shipment in the 


enterprise segment will occur in 2011. 

And we see that being still around that same range as tablets. We think the tablet phenomena has been pretty amazing 
in terms of the acceleration. I think SSDs, it would be fair would be somewhere in that same 10% range of the overall 
industry capacity. And we still think I think that the client side will dominate that in terms of overall consumption, and 
that the enterprise will continue to be in more of an early stage adopter model, and then that – 2012 will be where the 
enterprise will accelerate in terms of overall growth. 

On the IMFS, IMFT [IM Flash Technologies] question around the joint venture with Intel, first of all I don't want to 
presume to speak for Intel, but let me make a couple of comments from my perspective around it. Number one is that 
both of us are very happy with the operating entity, as evidenced by we're leading the industry in production on 
advanced technology and so forth. So it's not an issue around the execution of the entity. 

I think that it's a – if I could probably characterize it in its simplistic terms, Intel is very interested in some markets that 
involve NAND. Micron is interested in all markets that involve NAND, and therein lies the different perspective on 
how much NAND we want from the operating entity. I think that they still view it as very strategic just like we do, but 
they're interested in certain parts of the application of NAND and we're interested in basically all the applications. 

And so it's not one of – it's not an issue of do we want to participate in output coming from the joint venture. It's really 
an issue of how much volume do you want from the joint venture and how much is strategic to us in the markets that 
we're interested in. And therein lies the difference, and so again, you mentioned it earlier, which is you ought to ask 
Intel for their thoughts on this. I'm just giving you my perspective. I'm not presuming to speak on their behalf but I 
think that's where each company is continually trying to determine what they want from the operating entity. 

The great thing about the way the joint venture is structured is that we have the flexibility for both of us to achieve 
what we want. If they like their level of output, then they can keep that level of output. As the technology advances of 
course, increases it somewhat from the advancement of technology, but neither one of us is driven to have to put 
additional capacity in place for output that we may not have strategic use of. 

And so we can move forward with them in creating additional output for our strategic use that they don't want to 
participate in and that's okay, because the model's flexible enough to allow us to do either one. So I don't think you 
should read more into it than it's really an issue of each company just trying to determine what our strategic level of 
output is that we want from the joint operating entity, and that's the process that we're going through. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure, thank you very much. Thanks, Steve and Ron. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next questioner in queue is Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks so much. I was wondering if you'd give some color on what is pressuring in your view the 
NOR market, why has that been weak and particularly at the low end? Thanks. 

<A - Mark Adams>: I think some of that low end NOR is tied to the PC sector in general and I think some of it has to 
do with some additional capacity that's come online from competitors more from some of the low end players in the 
market. As I said, it is a low density segment of the market so it's tied to more of the commodity type of the business. 
But quite frankly as I said earlier, I think we're pretty well positioned on the higher density components and as well as 
some of the specialty applications that we've developed the business upon and Numonyx has established themselves in 
in the past. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Separately, Steve, could you give us your sense of what's going to happen over the next several 
months in terms of capacity announcements? Is it your expectation that the current conditions are going to precipitate 
the curtailing of capacity by some of the less strong players, or do you not think that we should expect particularly 
meaningful announcements? 


<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I actually think we're already seeing some of it. 
You've seen some companies already announce delay of capacity expansions or by the way of delay of some 
technology transitions because they just don't have access to capital to do it. So as I said, I think this will adjust pretty 
quickly. And I can't predict nor would I try any macroeconomic challenges that the world might experience in the next 
quarter or two. 

But short of something negative, I think that the industry will be in balance pretty quickly in this sector. Remember, a 
large part of the Memory business including a large part of the DRAM business is actually still fine today, and is pretty 
good and pretty stable. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: When you say that, quickly, what do you mean? When would you expect balance to be achieved 
after what you've planned now? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think we have to get through a 
seasonally slow period, which is probably in the next 30 to 60 days and then we'll know a lot more. Again, we don't try 
to predict what's going to happen in supply or demand. And I'm just giving you a perspective that says between what 
Mark Adams has already described and then with what you already know around some of the markets and some of the 
de-spec'ing that occurred, and then combine that with a seasonally slow period anyways. 

I mean everybody knows that in the next 15 to 30 days people don't buy a whole lot for a variety of reasons, that – we 
have to get through this period of time. And the other thing to note is that – to remember is that of Micron's total 
revenue business, about a quarter of it goes into that segment and the rest of it is going somewhere else. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Maybe just lastly, could you just remind us perhaps of the order of the profitability of the core units? 
Is it fairly similar to what it was last quarter? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we have it on our – we put it out there for 
you to see on the website. We posted it but as you might expect, the specialty DRAM was number one, and then came 
NAND, and followed number three by NOR. But remember, the NOR has some accounting going on within the margin 
that makes it artificial because of the way we had to book it when we did the Numonyx transaction. And then you get to 
that – what you would characterize as kind of the mainstream core DRAM, predominantly DDR3, a lot of which of 
course goes – going into the PC market today. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks and good luck. 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yep, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next questioner in queue is Kate Kotlarsky with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Hi, thank you so much for taking the question. This might be a difficult one to answer but I 
was hoping, given what the business mix is today, if you could give us some color as to what your revenue breakeven is 
today maybe, and what it might look like as we exit next year, sort of assuming that there's not a meaningful change in 
mix from a unit perspective? 

<A - Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations>: Kate, this is Kipp. I think we're going to stay away 
from trying to predict the profitability levels of different products a year from now. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Could you tell us what the breakeven point is today? 

<A - Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations>: No, we're not really interested in providing that 
because that would give you a good look at exactly where the gross margins are on – by product basis and we don't 
report it that way. 


<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Okay. And then maybe just one other question on the NAND side, obviously NAND is faring 
quite a bit better today versus DRAM. And I think if we do really see a meaningful growth in tablets that a lot of people 
are expecting next year, we could be in a situation where NAND is pretty tight. Do you think it's possible – and I know 
Apple has done that historically, that they used their balance sheet and try to secure or prepay some of the vendors to 
secure incremental NAND supply maybe in the front half of next year? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, if you look at the historical practice you'll 
know from what the companies have reported and done that – essentially if you looked at the five NAND producers, 
and of the five NAND producers – by the way, that's Samsung, Micron, Intel, Toshiba and Hynix. And now you've 
clearly got SanDisk as part of Toshiba and Micron and Intel together so you can take that for what it's worth. Four of 
the five announced that they had done essentially contracts with Apple for NAND supply, and that's all been out there 
and known. And today those contracts are I think in various states, so it's hard to know exactly what they will and won't 
try to do. 

But I think that it's just worthwhile noting that it's not just the – I think that the NAND supply next year will be 
impacted by not just the tablets but I would not underestimate the demand profile coming from the enterprise space in 
SSDs, and of course whatever traction we get in the client space as well. So I can't speak for Apple. They're probably 
the best ones to ask about what they're out trying to do, but I do think that the – as you noted, that the NAND 
environment could be fairly tight next year depending on how these other applications come online. 

<Q>: – Kate Kotlarsky>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next questioner in queue is John Pitzer with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. I guess the first question I have is with the issues at 
Inotera mostly in the rear view mirror now, can you help me understand how the cost curve there trended in the 
November quarter and what we should think about for cost-downs in the February quarter? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: John, this is Ron. Make sure I 
understood your question. You want to understand how the Inotera costs flow through in the current quarter we're 
reporting now? 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Just how cost is coming down now that they're up and running on your process and kind of 
re-ramping to full utilization, how do we think about what are cost of bits be on that part of the equation? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: I see. Yeah, obviously there's a 
significant impact with ramping production on our new stack technology, and the volume is expected to come up 
significantly from Q1 to Q2. And that will obviously drive cost down along with the yield improvements that we're 
expecting to see as we go forward in the second, third quarter, et cetera. So that will definitely help us on the cost side. 

As we mentioned before, there's also a profit sharing model which partly is a function of the pricing – ASPs in the 
marketplace and the margin generated between the participants in Inotera, which can move that around some. But the 
cost driver which is a significant portion will be significantly reduced in our costs as we go forward quarter by quarter. 

<A - Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations>: John, I might -


<Q - John Pitzer>: And then the equipment going – I'm sorry. 

<A - Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations>: I just to say, John, I might add it is on your guidance 
sheet there and we're saying down mid-20s in total. That might help you gauge a little bit how Inotera's doing. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then, guys, correct me if I'm wrong, but my understanding was as Inotera ramped on your 
process, there was the opportunity of mixing up some sort of commodity PC into more of the server market. Kind of 


curious if you can just tell me if that's what you think's going to happen. And I guess just in general how would you 
qualify the server DRAM market right now? 

<A - Mark Adams>: Yeah, I think that's right. Essentially as they come up on our technology, there's qualification 
periods that are required for the entire customer base. The shorter qualification periods are what you would expect them 
to be, which are kind of more commoditized markets, and the longer qualification periods are associated with the more 
differentiated markets. Initially the product is primarily directed at the more commoditized markets, but clearly as we 
get the qualifications completed, a higher percentage of that product will move to the more differentiated markets 
similar to what you already referenced, server and so forth. It just takes time for that to happen. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Thanks. Just when you look back on the November quarter, was there a significant difference in 
server pricing declines versus commodity PCs? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: The server pricing stayed pretty 
stable for us in our Q1 that we just reported. And the business remains pretty healthy going into our Q2 and versus our 
commodity desktop, we expect that to be pretty favorable going forward. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And, guys, just my last question real quick. If you look to the February quarter being a big CapEx 
quarter, kind of care to give us a ballpark figure as we try to build out our cash flow models? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: It's really tough to predict the 
exact timing of capital payments to the vendors as those tools go in based on installation, factory testings, et cetera. So 
when you have a big ramp like that, the number can swing pretty dramatically at the quarter boundary so it's probably 
better not to take a stab at that exactly. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Okay, guys; thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next questioner in queue is Atif Malik with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Hi; thanks for taking my question. Can you comment on your market share in the specialty DRAM 
market? I assume Samsung is 50% of the market, but how about your market share in that market? 

<A - Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance>: Yeah, we normally guide to about 
25% to 30% share in the specialty DRAM business. A lot of that has to do with some of the innovation we do around 
solutions in that sector. And we've been a long-time player in the specialty market so we anticipate that will remain 
pretty solid for us going forward. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Okay. And then on the NAND side, is the target for the Singapore ramp still 60,000 wafer starts per 
month for calendar year end for next year? 

<A - D. Mark Durcan>: That's correct. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Okay, and assuming Intel does not move forward from here, out of that – from middle of next year, 
assuming you have 10, 15K wafer starts per month, how much of that will be Micron? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first of all let me re-characterize just 
slightly what you said. Intel will not be moving forward with us in the next year. That is specific to IMFS. IMFT, we 
both continue to invest as they generate cash and advance the technology, et cetera. So specifically with what the 
reference around Intel participating is IMFS. They have participated already some in the past, so it's not 100%. 

Again, it depends on what they do moving forward from where we are because we have a continuum of capital calls. 
But I think that reasonably, what you should expect is that, assuming they decide not to move forward from where they 
are today or they just partially move forward from where they are today, that it's probably going to be in the 80/20 
range, 85/15 range. 


<Q - Atif Malik>: Thanks. And that's what I meant, IMFS, your contribution from IMFS could be 80% to 85% by next 
year-end, assuming Intel does not participate in IMFS? 

<A - Steven R. Appleton, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: That's correct. 

<Q - Atif Malik>: Okay, thanks. 

Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President of Investor Relations 

And with that, it looks like we're out of time. I'm sorry for everybody we didn't get to on the call, but I would like to 
thank everyone for participating today. If you will please bear with me, I need to repeat the Safe Harbor protection 
language. During the course of this call we may have made forward-looking statements regarding the company and the 
industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may have been made on this call 
that are not historical facts are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially. 
For information on the important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our filings 
with the SEC including the company's most recent 10-Q and 10-Ks. And with that, thank you very much for joining us. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's Micron Technology's First Quarter 2011 
Financial Release Conference Call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


