Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President – Investor Relations 
• Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer 
• Mark W. Adams, Vice President of Worldwide Sales 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Catolla. I'll be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to Micron Technology fourth quarter and fiscal year end 2009 financial release conference call. All lines have 
been place on annuity to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a 
question-and-answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time press star then the number one on your 
telephone keypad. [Operator instructions]. 

Thank you. It is now my pleasure turn the floor over to your host Kipp Bedard. Sir you may begin your conference. 

Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President – Investor Relations 

Thank you, welcome to Micron Technology's fourth quarter and fiscal year end 2009 financial release conference call. 

On the call today is Steve Appleton, chairman and CEO. Mark Durcan. Ron Foster, chief financial officer and 
vice-president of finance. And Mark Adams. Vice-president of worldwide sales. This conference call it including audio 
and slide is also available on Micron's web site at micron.com. If you have not had an opportunity to review the fourth 
quarter 2009 financial press release, it is also available on our web site at micron.com. 

Our call will be approximately 60 minutes in length there. Will be an audio replay of this call access bid dialing 
706-645-9291. With a confirmation code of 30898947. This replay will run through Tuesday, October 6th, 2009 at 5:30 

p.m. mountain time. Webcast will be available on the company's web site until September 29th, 2010. 
I encourage you to monitor our web site at micron.com for the most current information on the company including 
information on various financial conferences we'll be attending. Please note the following safe harbor statement. 

During the course of this meeting we may make projections or forward-looking statements regarding future event or 
performance of the company and the industry. We wish to caution you that such statements are predictions and that 
actual event or results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents the company files on a consolidated basis 
from time to time. With a Securities and Exchange Commission. Specifically the company's most recently form 10-K 
and form 10-Q. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause actual results for the company 
on a consolidated basis to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements. 

These certain factors can be found in the investor relations section of Micron's web site. Although we believe that the 
expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee team future results, levels 
of activity, performance or achievements. 

We're under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of the presentation to conform these 
statements to actual results. 


I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Ron Foster. Ron. 

Ronald C. Foster, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Kipp. Our press release is available on our web site and it includes the reconciliation of the non-GAAP 
numbers discussed on this call. Let me provide a brief summary of the financial results of the fourth quarter which 
eastbound ended September 3rd, 2009. For the fourth quarter the company reported a net loss of $88 million or 10 cents 
per diluted share on net sales of 1.3 billion and cash generated from operating activities of $357 million. 

These compared to third quarter results of net loss of it 290 million or 36 cents per diluted share on net sales of 1.1 
billion, and cash generated from operating activities of 151 million. 

The results for the fourth quarter reflect improving conditions in the memory markets particularly for DRAM. No lower 
cost markdown is required in the fourth quarter and gross margins reflected estimated benefits of $91 million and $242 
million in the fourth quarter and third quarter respectively from sales of products previously written down. 

Cost of goods sold also include charges of $37 million, and $25 million in the fourth quarter and third quarter 
respectively. For idle capacity from Minotera [ph] and IM Flash Singapore. The charges from Minotera [ph] are 
expected to decrease over the future quarters as Micron steps further into the capacity previously dedicated to Kimona 
[ph]. For the 2009 fiscal year, the company reported net loss of $1.8 billion, or 2.29 per diluted share on net sales of 
$4.8 billion and cash generated from operating activities of 1.2 billion. 

Sales in fiscal 2009 decreased 18%, compared to fiscal 2008. Resulting primarily from declines in average selling price 
force both DRAM and RAM flash memory products in excess of 50%. Across the same period sales volume increased 
over 50% for DRAM and more than double for NAND. 

Recall that 1/3 of the way through the fourth quarter, we closed on the sale of a majority interest in our imaging 
business to private equity owners. Micron will account for the retained 35% interest under the equitable method while 2 
month lag from Micron's fiscal calendar. 

Micron is continuing to provide manufacturing services including waiver fabrication to Aptina the results of which 
continue to be reported in imaging business segment. The fourth quarter financial results include one move Aptina 
results with sales to customers and two months of the company's results of wafer foundry for Aptina. Wafers are sold to 
Aptina under volume adjusted pricing model based on processing technology. Since we now have a few less than 
wholly owned operations let me summarize how these appear in our financial statements. Consolidated entities are 
fully represented in Micron's balance sheet and income statement with the interest attributed to other partners backed 
out of the balance sheet and income statement in the non-controlling interest line. Entities in this category are IM flash, 
both U.S. and Singapore operations. Text semiconductor Singapore and our MP mask operation. 

Entities which are not consolidated are accounted for under the equity method and presented in a single line on the 
balance sheet and income statement. 

INOTARA [ph] and Aptina are our two equity method investments. Total sales in the fourth quarter increased 18% 
compared to third quarter primarily as a result of higher sales of memory products. 

Comparing the fourth quarter to the third quarter, sales of memory products increased 20% while sales of image 
sensors decreased slightly -- sales in fourth quarter include royalty and technology fees of $34 million compared to 32 
million in the third quarter. D ramp sales increased 28% compared to third quarter to $708 million primarily due to 
19% increase in BICH shipments and 8% higher average selling prices. Sales of NAND flash products are increased 
10% compared to third quarter to $469 million primarily due to a 23% increase in sales volume. Partially offset by a 
11% decrease in average selling prices. 

Imaging revenue was $123 million in the third quarter, and represented 10% of the Micron consolidated net sales. 


The quarter we DRAM average selling price increased in the fourth quarter for the first time in 11 quarters. Pricing for 
core DRAM products as well as specialty DRAM products both increased in the fourth quarter. The overall 8% DRAM 
ASP increase in the fourth quarter occurred despite effect shift in mix away from DRAM products which generally 
higher ASP than core DRAM products. All -- in shipments in fourth quarter came in core D ramp products primarily 
due to increased production from 300 millimeter facilities while specialty products primarily produced 200 millimeter 
products remained relatively flat compared to third quarter. 

DRAM production costs excluding lower of cost or market write-downs and idle charges from INOTARA decreased 
21% compared to third quarter resulting in positive margin in the fourth quarter. 

This substantial decrease in per bit cost was achieved through increased bit production from continued transitions to 
advanced process technology and the effects of the mixed shift towards lower cost core DRAM products. The supply 
from Minotera [ph] constituted 10% of DRAM bits produced in fourth quarter. The production costs in the fourth 
quarter decreased approximately 45% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008. 

Fiscal Q1 of 2010 DRAM cost reductions are expected to be in low top mid teens t and bit production is forecast to 
increase in the mid 20s percent raining including volume we purchased from MINOTARA. 

Looking at demand in more detail, overall NAND flash bit costs in the fourth quarter excluding inventory many 
write-downs and idle costs decreased approximately 13% compared to the prior quarter and 62% compared to the 
fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. 

NAND cost reductions in the first quarter of 2010 are expected to be in the low to mid teens again, and bit production is 
forecast to increase in the mid to high teens as our 34 and in meter NAND process technology achieves mature -


The decrease in NAND flash average selling prices in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter was largely 
attributable to the dilutive effect of NAND flash sales to Intel our NAND flash manufacturing partner. At long-term 
negotiating prices approximating cost. 

Selling prices for products sold to Intel declined significantly in line with our decline in costs. As the transition to 34 
nanometer NAND process technology was substantially completed allowing us to achieve industry leading cost per bit 
to these products. 

Trade ASPs on sales to customers other than Intel were relatively stable in the fourth quarter compared to the third 
quarter. 

Our cost reduction efforts from the operating expense areas are enabling to us near our long-term targets for SG&A and 
R&D as a percent of sales. SG&A and R&D costs decreased 23% and 17% respectively in looking at a year-over-year 
comparison of the fourth quarter. 

Cost reduction activities have included lower personnel costs as well as cancellation and deferral of other spending 
activities. 

Staffing levels in SG&A and R&D levels decreased 9% and 16% respectively comparing their levels at the end of Q4 
to the end of Q3. 

Principally resulting from the spin-off of Aptina. 

We anticipate SG&A expense in the first quarter of fiscal 2010 to be around 80 to $85 million. And R&D expense to be 
in the 130 to $135 million range. Other operating income in the fourth quarter includes a credit of $12 million which is 
a true-up of our estimated lost on the spin-off of Aptina to the final amount of $41 million. 

Now to the balance sheet. Fourth quarter ended with $1.5 billion of cash which includes the cash flow from operating 
activities of 357 million in the fourth quarter. Or $1.2 billion for the whole fiscal year. The growth of our cash balance 
during the fourth quarter reflects the operating results including our cost reduction efforts and a focus on working 
capital management. Days sales outstanding and accounts receivable declined from 49 days at the end of the third 
quarter to 41 days at year end. Inventory decreased slightly in the fourth quarter reflecting lower costs per bit, partially 


offset by a higher level of bits in inventory as production outpaced sales in the fourth quarter. 

The cost per bit reductions overcame the effect of selling products in the fourth quarter that were subject to previous 
lower cost or market write-downs. 

In addition, finished goods inventories were reduced by $56 million with a spin-off of Aptina. Excluding the effects of 
inventory write-downs in both periods, total inventory turns improved from 4.2 at the end of the third quarter to 4.6 at 
the end of the fourth. 

We estimate the effect of previous inventory write-downs is less than 4$0 million in the year end inventory balances. 

We paid down $429 million in debt in fiscal 2009. The year end balance of short-term debt is 424 million, which is 
scheduled to be paid down in the coming fiscal year. 

Capital expenditures during the fourth quarter were 66 million, and were 632 million for the fiscal year. Capital 
expenditures for fiscal 2010 are expected to be between 750 million and 850 million, loaded more towards the back end 
of the year. 

With respect to our joint ventures in the fourth quarter we made a capital contribution of $60 million, to continue the 50 
nanometer conversion at TECH semiconductor -- net distributions were made to JV partners of approximately $950 
million in the fourth quarter and 681 million for the fiscal year which consists primarily of payments from IM flash to 
Intel. 

With that I'll close here and turn the commentary over to mark Adams. 

Mark W. Adams, Vice President of Worldwide Sales 

Thanks Ron. The second straight quarter we experienced a strong increase in bit shipments in both our DRAM and 
NAND businesses. The bit increase was driven by better than anticipated demand across most our key markets 
including computing, special did I D the RAM and the consumer market. In addition to the bit shipment growth in 
DRAM and -- we saw as ASP improvement in our business and trade NAND business which when combined leads us 
to be optimistic about Micron's core memory business through calendar Q4. 

Our overall bit shipments grew 19% quarter over quarter. Ref our computing business which includes desktop 
computing and notebooks was up 41% and bits were up 22%. It is worth noting we shipped our first product from 
[inaudible] in fiscal Q4. Coming off strong Q3 in our server business we continue to see growth quarter over quarter 
with 11% in bits shipped, [inaudible] 28%. Our networking business achieved a 34% increase in bits and remain a 
strong market for Micron specialty DRAM products. All-in-all demand for Micron DRAM products has increased and 
put news a position where we'll be challenged to meet all customer demand throughout the remainder of calendar year 
2009. 

As I mentioned in our last call, saw a market shift in DDR 3 memory for server and PC applications. Bit shipments of 
DDR 3 product increased 30% quarter over quarter in Q4 and this is after Q3 before we experienced 70% increase. 
Micron and -- puts us in unique position to capitalize on the growth in demand coming from both PC and server bit 
related customers. 

In addition t to the continued strength in DDR 3 we saw increased demand for DDR 2 components with increased bit 
shipments 14% fiscal quarter over quarter. 

The mobile business saw a strong rebound in bit shipments up 60% quarter over quarter. Our NCP multi-chip package 
business increased 81% increase from previous quarter bit shipments. 

We feel Micron's portfolio products aims at this mobile products including. DS RAM products. NAND based 
technology and mobile memory cards put us in a strong position to grow significant share in fiscal year, 2010. 


From a pricing perspective ASP for DRAM were up 8% which is especially strong performance given the mixed shift 
driven by DDR -- lower ASP per portfolio average to go along with lower cost per bit. 

In the fourth quarter, our trade NAND bit shipments increased 23% from the previous quarter due to strong demand 
from mobile, USB. MP3 -- we closed -- all NAND based products on 34 nanometer technology. We feel this puts us in 
industry leading performance position vis-à-vis our competition. Our retail business which includes an election arb 
flash memory products, [inaudible] D ramp module business and crucial dot-com continues to make -- [inaudible] very 
tough year in retail. Achieve market share gains in Americas and internationally. 

Trade component -- for NAND memory remains stable in Q4 following increase in prices in Q3. As I mentioned on our 
Q3 call flash industry continues to my great to higher density chips and we field bit consumption will continue to grow. 
We main optimistic -- net books and [inaudible] will drive strong bit consumption and demand market will be in a 
fairly balanced supply and demand position throughout the remainder of calendar year 2009. 

We remain pleased with our performance and work with constrained market conditions to best serve our valid 
customers. In Q4 we were encouraged by strong demand signal across most if not all channel segments. One month 
into fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010 we have seen strong demand on DRAM and NAND uptick when we left Q4 with 
additional demand from our customer base. 

In the meantime it appears industry supply growth in capital spending remain at historically low levels leaving many 
products on a occasion. We remain optimistic these trends will continue and Micron will continue to -- in overall 
performance. 

With that I'll hand it back over to Kipp. 

Kipp A. Bedard, Vice President – Investor Relations 

Thanks mark. We'll take questions from callers. If you are using a speaker phone please pick up the handset and ask 
any questions so we can hear you clearly. With that lets open it up to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. 

Our first caller is Tim LUKE from Barclays. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. Perhaps you could remind us based where we are now in the quarter where you perceive 
ASPs would be if they remained flat from here -- basically NAND -- and the DRAM side. And then separately as we 
move forward, could you give us some color in terms of key variables associated with the gross margin dynamics given 
that you are describing in a somewhat firmer pricing backdrop and some growth in the -- [inaudible] as well. Thank 
you. 

<A>: So the first part of the question, it remained flat the rest of the quarter both NAND and DRAM would be up about 
5% for us. Can you repeat the second part of your question for me? 

<Q>: I just wanted to get some color on the key variables for the progression of the gross margin for the overall 
company. 

<A>: Sure. The way we address that is driving with the cost downs. We're looking at DRAM and NAND down 
sequentially in low to mid teens. 

<Q>: Okay. Separately, as you move forward, you talked about the TECH JV. Could you give us some sense what 
your plans may be there in terms of capacity in NAND. And perhaps also give us some color on the progress on 34 and 


how, timelines associated with 22. Thank you. 

<A>: All right. Thanks. This is Mark. Relative to the TECH JV there are no plans for NAND as tech. That's a DRAM 
only facility, AMS. Intend to keep it that way on go forward basis. Relative to NAND technology we're essentially 
complete with 34-nanometer at this point. We have our true X mode T characterize exactly what that is but our T 2 
mode in fill and manufacturing and running today -- we would plan to sample it that and ramp it in in 2010, calendar 
'10. 

<Q>: With the CapEx numbers could you remind us what you had outlined previously for the coming fiscal year, and 
just give us some sense t looks like it is edging up somewhat since the 750, 850 level. Where that is likely to be 
principally directed. I think you suggested it was going to be second half weighted. Thank you. 

<A>: Yes. That's correct. This is Ron. We were guiding about 750, $850 million partly related to carry over from 2009 
where we came in at 66 million in the fourth quarter, down from what we had originally estimated some of that flowed 
into 2010, and it's heavily back-end loaded and always a little hard to call exactly how much of that will fall into the 
fiscal year which is fallout. 

<A>: And this is Mark. Relative to use -- to the extent there is additional incremental CapEx it is primarily around 
optimizing existing facilities in particular. You know, a few more -- data existing operation in both Virginia and 
Singapore as well optimizing the mix at IMFP. 

<Q>: Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Our next caller is Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q>: Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions around CapEx and industry supply. I guess what are your current 
expectation pursuant to bit growth heading into next calendar year. And where do you guys think you might come out 
as you intend to pick up share in the industry? 

<A>: Jim, we won't give you year-over-year yet for Micron other than Mark's reference before for our sequential 
growth. But in terms of industry t it seems like most of the third party looks at this or DRAM somewhere up between 3 
and 50% and NAND up somewhere between probably 60 and 80%. 

<Q>: For people who, as you guys commented CapEx is historically low levels it. Has been the last couple of quarters 
so the tight supply is likely to continue the next couple of quarters. How quickly t or when is the soonest an 
incremental. Meaningful incremental supply can be brought online if not from Micron from the rest of the industry? 

<A>: Well, I think there is a couple of different parts to that, Jim. One is, how much supply can come back online from 
existing capacity. And that was, or still is in place. Obviously there is not going to be the in-coming out of Kimona is 
doing [indiscernible]. With respect to Micron itself, you know what our plans are. [indiscernible] mostly optimizing. 
And then when you look at what's going on with ALPITA [ph] and probably [indiscernible]. I don't think there is a lot 
of new wafers or there is a lot of discussion around trying to bring them up to generation of technology that will we're 
already on. 

But you know, that's pretty limited. And then when you talk about the come along in general. Mark just got back from 
there and he knows probably more than any of us at the moment. Essentially when you think about ProMOS and power 
chip there is no capital available to do either an upgrade of the current technology or any kind of additional wafers into 
the marketplace. So you know, really just needs, what Sam -- [indiscernible] which is not a whole lot. The kind of in 
line with what we have always done. So in terms of new facilities being built for capacity there just aren't any. There 
are not any that exist. And in terms of optimizing some of the facilities that were in place, there's not a lot of capital for 
that to happen outside of what we're probably doing and, you know, obviously ALPITA is out trying to raise money but 
if you look at the debt structure it is obvious -- what we have to deal with in the next few months. We're not sure how 
they do both. We talked about CapEx being historical lows. There's been clearly at the CapEx at the moment for the 


DRAM world. No one has seen it this low before. But what's happening, is that there is not a lot of capital involved -change 
that metric at the moment. And so when you look at bit supply coming from industry in general, we don't, you 
know, we don't see that much activity that could happen actually any time in the next, call it probably one, two years. 

Because -- part of the equation you have got to look at, assume the equipment guys and what's interesting there is, you 
know, this downturn's has been obviously hard on us but it was particularly hard on them as well. They went to a model 
where they enlarged part outsourced a lot of their manufacturing and really focused on the, you know, the technology 
involved in design. And when you look at how that got outsourced it got outsourced to a lot of these very small -- I 
don't want to characterize them as mom and pop shops but a lot of people with small business it is that were doing 
specialty stuff color coding material and so forth. And this downturn had -- I mean, it -- these people, it is just gone. 
24th don't exist anymore. That's where you read about these 50-year old business, 100-year old business. People just 
gone. I actually don't think there is a whole lot of quick recovery in the equipment supply chain either. In the event that 
there is some additional need for capital. And so I think it's -- you know, of course we all predict the economy. And we 
can't as to what's going to happen there. But it doesn't take whole lot of demand in this environment to consume 
whatever supply exists or -- [indiscernible] probably the next year. Mark, did you want to add a couple of comments. 

<A>: Mark W. Adams: I wanted to add a couple more Micron specific things. Relative to Micron I commented on 
previous calls I just want to reiterate. We can get a long way on relatively little capital at Micron. Primarily because a 
lot of our capacity is relatively new and we feel like we have invested that capital pretty wisely so that, you know, on a 
go forward basis, the leverage we can get in terms of technology migration is maybe a little bit better than others. And 
in particular, I would point you to, you know, the scanner situation which I think is probably key bottleneck for the 
industry generally and where a lot of the capital dollars are going today. We feel like we played that about right in 
terms of positioning our capacity so that we have the minimal spend there relative to others. Having said that it is 
probably going to limit the amount that the industry in general can spend. 

<Q>: It is incredibly helpful. Thank you so much. Good luck. 

Operator 

Our next caller is Tristan Gerra from Robert Baird. 

<Q>: Good afternoon. Can you provide an update on the manufacturing [indiscernible] in terms of ramp curve we can 
expect the next few quarters? 

<A>: Tristan, we're having a difficult time understanding you. Could you repeat the question one time please. 

<Q>: Oh, sure. Apologize that the question -- if was already asked. Can you provide us with a -- [indiscernible] on the 
manufacturing transition [indiscernible] and basically [indiscernible] production ramp the next few quarters. 

<A>: Sure, this is Mark. Let me handle that and make sure I heard it properly. You know, if the question is how's the 
transition amount INOTERA with a schedule for that generally. We're in pilot production now on our 50 and in 
nanometer process. That is progressing smoothly. We're happy with the results in the module how those are coming 
together. It is a mixed tool set so it is not a direct copy from Micron but so far we're not -- any show stoppers and we're 
very encouraged with the way that's going. Our plans are to have our first real significant output in calendar Q1 and be 
approximately 50% transitioned by the summer. As we move through the rest of the year it is likely we would complete 
that towards the end of calendar 2010. 

<Q>: Okay. And also could you remind us what percentage of your [indiscernible] production is going to be at 50 
nanometer end of this -- year. 

<A>: By the end of this calendar year, on a bit basis, I can -- this is Ron, I can tell you, Tristan, that you know, it was a 
little bit under 10%. This latest quarter in terms of production. And it's going to approximately double in the next 
quarter. Then it will ramp up some from there. But it will be a significant jump this next quarter. 


<A>: Let me add, let me add one more thought on the technology transition. I spoke to 50 nanometer a moment ago it 
is highly likely as we get into the summertime frame, we'll also be introducing a 4 X mode in midterm. 

<Q>: Okay. So maybe about a quarter should -- [indiscernible] production at 50 nanometer by year end. Calendar year 
end? 

<A>: We think we heard you right. 10% in the current quarter we just reported doubling as a percent of total bits out in 
Q1. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A>: You bet. Our next caller is Glen young from Citi. 

<Q>: Just in response to one of your responses earlier. Is it safe to say that Micron does not view this period of low 
capital spending by the industry as an opportunity to maybe get more aggressive here and try to take share? 

<A>: Well, we, I think if you look at the numbers, we have been taking share. Over the last, I don't know how many 
few quarters you want to try to measure it over. The low CapEx numbers, I think are reflective of the difficulty the 
industry faced. Even though, you know, we're able to, increase our CapEx to some degree, I suppose we could think 
about doing it more of it. But as Mark already noted, as you know from our CapEx, prior two years we're spending 
quite a bit of money to position ourselves to have a pretty good leverage model. With respect to the rest of the industry, 
most of them, they don't have any money. They just don't have any access to capital. And by the way, let me point one 
more thing. And then you can jump back in. 

The equipment financing market. The equipment leasing market was a huge part of what a lot of these companies did 
when they went out and spent CapEx. They basically got the equipment companies in cooperation with the GD capital 
guys and many quarry and those guys to finance it. 

That market is just closed. There is no equipment financing available to anybody, and if you -- or if you were able to 
find some it is incredibly expensive. So it's gone. It is just not available. If you can't generate the cash internally, and 
you have not a very difficult time trying to raise the money obviously because of the shape some of these companies 
are in and it's just not available. So I think that's why you are seeing in general the low CapEx numbers. 

And if you are a company like Micron, we actually view it as pretty advantageous to be in the position we're in, not 
having to spend a lot of CapEx and already being in the advanced -- mode which is the exact opposite of what a lot of 
our competitors are facing right now. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks for that. Maybe a question on the demand side of the house. Thinking near-term about any effects 
you may or may not be seeing from the pre Window 7 builds. As you think about next year and the potential for 
windows 7 to be more a 64 bit operating system. What are your -- bit per box growth and is it accelerating because of 
Win 7 or not? 

<A>: Yes, this is mark. I think we have seen a later back to school drive a lot of that anticipation. We feel pretty good 
about it going forward. 

The type of growth we see in total PC bit per box is that may be you know mid 20s. An lot of that is -- the net book 
business. The net book business -- architecture of that product. But we feel pretty good about it given the kind of 
current results we're seeing today and what we're hearing from our customers. 

<Q>: Right. Thanks a lot. And the last question is thinking about the, in between supply and demand how inventories 
look to you. You made the point you grew a little bit of inventory on a unit basis in the quarter. What's your sense of 
overall industry levels of inventory, what you see in the channel and your level of comfort with the visibility on it? 

<A>: Well, my earlier comments and my message earlier was that it is pretty tight. We are, you know, when you see 
inventory build, that you you are referring to earlier, it is around us making strategic decisions on serving key markets 
and mix. 


But the overall inventory in the channel is pretty tight. And it's causing us some problems, allocation how we serve our 
customer base. 

<Q>: Great thanks a lot. 

<A>: Ron, I just might add one other point. And that is that our inventory on a volume basis was only mildly up. And 
actually finished goods were down. As I mentioned our inventory turns are up significantly so I would characterize the 
inventory movement as being more the production volume related to the business versus any build-up. 

<Q>: Got it. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next caller is Shawn Webster from JP Morgan. 

<Q>: Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. Can you share with us what your bit production for 
DRAM and NAND was for your August quarter? 
<A>: Sure. We had, we had DRAM bit growth about 20% in Q4. And NAND was up around 10%. 
<Q>: 10%? Okay. Thanks. And on the -- so you were talking about just now the tightness in the channel inventory. Do 


you guys have an expectation on when that tightness will be alleviated? 
<A>: Right now, we can't see that far out. And we think the -- you know, our current supply output and demand profile 


looks pretty tight, at least through the rest of the calendar year 2009, as best we can see. So I hesitate to try to guess on 
that brakes. 
<Q>: Okay. And then what are, what are the your early in customers telling you to expect in turns of PC DRAM bit 


demand in calendar Q4 and maybe even calendar Q1 to the extent they have given you visibility there. 
<A>: So on the demand side. 
<Q>: Yes. 
<A>: The PC -- ins are right in line with my earlier comment. We have had customers come back and ask almost 2 X 


what their forecast was 60 days ago. That is causing tightness. It doesn't stop with PCs T our server business side has 
been dramatically up from forecasting in July timeframe and networking bits is up. So it has been up all over but the 
PCOMs are impressing upon us they need more in terms of output. 

<Q>: Okay. And then on the pricing side, you said that if things stay flat with where they are today on pricing for, I 
think both DRAM and NAND you said it would be up 5% or so. That, when you look at the spot in the contract pricing 
that we observe on DRAM exchange and other sources it would suggesting something significantly higher than that. 
Can you walk us through why you think it will be 5% versus 25% plus? 

<A>: Sure. Shawn. Same as last quarter what we have done is quarter to date by -- we're not predicting it will only be 
at 5%. Quarter to date it is at 5% and it really reflects the -- coming out of UNITERA which have lower core than 
specialty memory do. 

<Q>: Okay. And maybe one last one for me. On the wafer side, what is your wafer production do sequentially in Q4? 
<A>: It was up low teens. Including -<
Q>: Thank you very much. 
<A>: Yeah, you bet. 



Operator 

Our next caller is Danielle Berenbaum from -- USA. 

<Q>: Thanks guys it is from UREGA. Quick question on cost reduction for the year. I think a couple of questions 
danced around this. But would you care to talk about how much you can reduce cost on per bit basis on DRAM and 
NAND other the over the course of the next 12 months. 

<A>: Not at this time. We're going to keep you on quarter to quarter basis for now. 

<Q>: Okay. Would you expect to be better or worse than industry average cost reduction and is there any reason we 
should think about things a little differently for Micron versus your competitors. 

<A>: Yes. It is tough to know exactly what our competitors are going to do. But if I were to going to venture a guess on 
that I would say we're probably going to be better on both counts. NAND and DRAM. 

<Q>: Is there a reason why you will be about better can you be more specific. I would love to give you credit but I got 
to pull that string. 

<A>: If we move it, as this alluded to -- we think that's a significant sell size reduction and could drive out-performance 
on NAND cost per bit reductions relative to competitor. We many heard anecdotally struggling a little bit on the shall 
[inaudible]. We had a significant decrease coming out of [indiscernible] and we think that will drive out-performance 
on [indiscernible]. 

<A>: 

<Q>: Thanks. Back on Aptina. How should I think about revenue and maybe you could give guidance even one quarter 
out for the Aptina segments either in pricing or units or both. And then how is the revenue that's going to be 
consolidated now, I mean, the revenue that is Micron revenue, the sell in of the units to the spin-off, is that a break even 
business? You know, what's kind of the structure there. And do I -- model that revenue trailing off at some point or 
how should I think about that moving forward? 

<A>: Well, let's see. I'm going to let Ron, answer, I think, somehow we account for it. Essentially think of that 
converting from a component sales business to a wafer selling business. So we're still mastering the wafers. 

And we sell to the partnership on a wafer basis. And that -- like you would expect, another -- arrangement. That pricing 
will vary on volume. But that's how we're going to account for it. And in terms of forecasting the revenue, that's hard 
for us to do, because -- nobody really forecast much revenue with much accuracy because of volatility. Now, remember 
it is season for them right now. So we would expect this quarter we're in right now to be seasonally strong. What 
happens after that will depend upon what happens in, I think primarily the consumer market. So we're going to know, 
you know, the search what happens -- but we are manufacturing the wafers and we're selling them on a wafer basis. So 
I think our revenues won't fluctuate as much as you might think over, or expect them to had we be selling the end 
product to the customer because we're selling on a wafer basis. They may fluctuate based on volume changes but not 
based on pricing or margin changes. -- did you have any to add on that. 

<A>: Yes. Daniel this is Ron. In terms of projection, obviously we're a supplier to Aptina now so they are working the 
volumes and we're delivering supply to them. As Steve mentioned if you look at the structure, two out of the last three 
months of this last quarter, we were on a foundry basis. So quarter this last quarter in terms of the structure is 2/3 of the 
way to what you would expect to see which is somewhat lower gross margin if you will, and also correspondingly 
lower OpEx both in R&D and SG&A which has been told to the Aptina operation. So we're 2/3 of the way there in the 
fourth quarter and going into first quarter are it would be a full three months worth. But a similar kind of construct 
would play out. 

<Q>: Okay. Great. And then one just longer term question. I mean, when you talk about guiding for CapEx, the 750 to 
850 million and obviously fiscal '09 came in a little bit lower than expected. A lot lower -- in terms of CapEx to sales 
than it was in fiscal '06/fiscal '07. How do you think what a sustainable capital intentionity -- level is for Micron and 


more broadly for the memory industry? 

<A>: Well, the, I think fundamentally, the answer to that question is primarily associated with how long do you think 
the equipment will be -- what's a useful life of the equipment. We had done studies historically in the -- industry and 
that number was in the neighborhood of 3.6 to 3.8 years. And so that means you, in general will have a capital 
replacement every 3.6 to 3.8 years. So you can do the math and that says that you need to spend 20% of your revenues 
or somewhere in that neighborhood to continue to stay up with -- current. That curve, I think most people think that that 
curve is probably slowing. 

And that a lower CapEx number will sustain, you know, a nor useful life if you will on the equipment -- longer. It is 
hard for us to know exactly what the number S if you look at the data on average that number we're hitting a historical 
low this year. Probably in the neighborhood of maybe, 11, 12%. At least for the memory industry. I'm speaking about 
the memory industry, not the broader industry. 

And you know, you -- [indiscernible] high end, 22, 23%. You know. And being -- being overspent. I think you would 
expect it to settle out somewhere in between. You know in our particular case you can run the math and obviously we 
were down, too, like everybody else. 

But yeah, I think in general, the precise answer is going to be dependent upon how long the useful life in equipment is, 
you know and how long it takes to us make these generation switches. 

<Q>: Okay, great. Thanks. That's helpful. 

Operator 

Our next caller is Vijay Rakush [ph]. 

<Q>: Just a couple of questions. Wandering what the bit growth should be for NAND and DRAM as you look at the 
next quarter here, and also what were the licensing revenues for the August quarter and where do you see that as you 
look at fiscal '10. 

<A>: So, the first part of that I think we're looking at up mid 20% for DRAM and mid to high teens on NAND bit 
growth. And I don't think any of us caught the second part of your question. 

<Q>: Just the licensing -- where it was for August quarter and how you see licensing kind of going -- [indiscernible] 
picks up. How you see that for fiscal '10. It? 

<A>: Vijay, this is Ron. We had $34 million in licensing revenue in the fourth quarter. 32 million in the third quarter. 
That was related it to technology fees. Going forward we expect to see ongoing technology fee licensing as we have 
seen here in recent quarters in '09. In addition, as we migrate in owe Tara stack technology there will be licensing fees 
coming along on a volume basis or per unit basis related to the ramp of it that production used by others. So that would 
come on at the -- technology transition occurs as Mark articulated earlier. 

<Q>: Got it. And as you ramp in your data and -- [indiscernible] what do you see as a stable OpEx level for Micron, as 
you -- call next couple of quarters here. 

<A>: Well, we said that -- this is just historically. We said we think -- in a normalized market, not one that rapidly 
increase and not one rapidly declining. We think an OpEx model that would be benchmark is somewhere in the 15% 
range total. [Range] tan is that will be split between SG&A and R&D at this point in time. But essentially think of it as, 
I think -- in the neighborhood of, call it, 10, 11% on R&D and maybe 5% on SG&A and the combination being 15% 
benchmark. It was tough to achieve that with obviously falling revenues. But we think that again is probably the right 
level of benchmark for the industry. 

<Q>: Got it. Okay. And moving on to the NAND side you said the 30 nanometer transition going on -- industry. Where 
do you see -- nanometer output in March, June quarter of next year. Where should that be as person -



<A>: I think we're going to hold off on any output numbers relative until we see how the ramp -- [indiscernible]. 

<Q>: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

Our next Q&A is Uche Orji. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. I hope you can hear me. I'm still very sure I'm convinced as to why bit box will not 
[indiscernible] near-term come down. Now I understand that there is a supply shortage. But at the same time, we have 
seen back-to-school numbers t PCss are coming down N accurate where market is rising -- so, you know, how 
vulnerable should we think about your -- comments in the light of the fact that your OEM margins are struggling. And 
and if you don't think vulnerable what components do you think are vulnerable that can provide -- OEM that may be -[
indiscernible] because of declining [indiscernible] that's my first question. 

<A>: Let me make sure I summarize and turn it over to mark for the answer. It sounds like you are interested in the 
bomb. So the cost of memory today versus maybe historical and is there something penning that might trigger that. And 
B, kind of the general role question is convincing you of the growth of memory per box. Is that -


<Q>: That is correct. That is correct, thank you. That's correct. 

<A>: Maybe on the bomb, where's Steve. There is a, I think a couple of ways to look at it. One is, there is no question 
that the memory comp in the box even today is lower than it has been in the prior few years it was one year 8, 9% 
range. Today it is more around the 4 and 5% range. If you look at net books it is 3 or 4%. And in the desk tops, you 
know, characterize, something in the 5%. But if you go back to the '06, kind of '05, '06 seven times it was up 8%, 9%. 
So the economy -- where the economy -- margins are struggling. So, you know, what's the appetite to keep it where it is 
at today or have it slightly go up. I don't s you know, I don't know of course -- I think it is segment-dependent and 
customer dependent. And you know, is I think more predicated on -- [indiscernible] you look at enterprise guys doing 
pretty well as compared to guys on the consumer segment. I guess I'll turn it over to Mark and have him comment on it 
that. 

<A>: The other only other comment I would make is while we have seen some positive movement from a pricing 
standpoint, you have got to, you know -- go back a year ago, last August. And we're still not at the crisis of that level. 
And the dense -- box was slightly below where it is today. So before we overreact to increasing pricing on DRAM per 
box, I think it is fair to say we're right where we were a year ago and certainly -- improved cost around [indiscernible] 
but I don't think we're seeing a dramatic shift away from densities. I think it is a little ahead of ourselves here and I 
think that certainly from the demand side, all the signals we're getting are consistent with that. 

<Q>: All right. That's helpful. Let me ask you a different question. If I look at the inventory comments you have made. 
Obviously looks like the OEMs ODMs may not have a lot of inventory. Can you tell me what's happening, what your 
view is -- internet -- I'm talking about module guys, distributors, all the DRAM companies and OEMs. Can you give 
me a comment it is a to what your -


<A>: Sure. Sure. My sense is that given the pressure on the OEMs, what you are referring to is kind of the after-market 
channel. That's even tighter because the OEM are getting preferential treatment in most cases. So my suspicion is that 
the after-market module makers, card makers are in a tighter position and thus one of the reasons why you see us stock 
market pricing higher than where the OEM prices are. 

<Q>: Right. Right. Okay. And then just finally, you know -- [indiscernible] in terms of availability of the equipment. 
You know and your ability to spend the CapEx. Especially -- [indiscernible] comment about, you know -- times and 
delays in delivery of equipment. Is this a concern for Micron? 

<A>: It is not a concern for us currently. As we, you know, we have got a pretty good forecast out there and good 
relationship with our suppliers. So we think we have got the slots we need to execute to our plan. I would say, you 
know, for people coming in now, with new plans and trying to get new slots, you know, it's not going to be easy 


because there is, that is a constraint in the marketplace. 
<Q>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next caller is Hans Mosesmann of Raymond James. 

<Q>: Most of my questions have been answered. But the one regarding the situation, or the situation regarding 
shortages I think Mark may have mentioned there are some shortages. Can you explain, give more granularity in what 
was in shortage, was it DDR 3, NAND, what flavors and so on. Thanks. 

<A>: Sure. So I think where we have seen shortages early on was in some of the, especially in server market 
opportunities. And what we have seen lately has been consistent that staying course where we real tight there but then 
pretty heavy request for some DDR 2 parts from one of our commodity side. On the DDR 2, started out with DDR 3 
and DDR 2 has caught up a bit. On NAND beside it has been really tight. You see a little more uptick both on the 
mobile side of the business. And I would suggest that, you know, Mark's -- has the healthy of all the segment and that's 
where box on NAND has driven appetite and couple situation but for us the board has been really taught TDDR first 
TDDR 3 caught up to it. The NAND side has been more consistent. Little more consistent throughout the back half of 
the year. 

<Q>: Okay T thanks. And then one last one. DDR 3 in terms of Micron's overall mix and how does that compare to 
industry mix. And that's it, thanks. 

<A>: So of our core commodity DRAM parts, DDR 3 comes in about 35%. And it's good top note though that that's 
still a pretty, you got a factor in the inTara piece of that would have been higher Pre Inotara [ph]. If you are going back 
a quarter and looking that in, tough to factor that in. 

<Q>: How does that compare to industry mix. 

<A>: I think ours is -- my sense is, based on our Mark channel is, our mix is significantly higher than our competition. 

<Q>: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks. 

<A>: Sure. 

<Q>: Our next caller is Bob chivaridy from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q>: I was curious -- in Singapore. You mentioned Inotara [ph] was underutilization. How about Singapore side will 
that be relatively constant or how do you see that coming up. 

<A>: We're fully utilized in Singapore and have been we're continuing to equal a few more wafers out as we optimize 
[indiscernible] equipment utilization, et cetera, but that has been running fully utilized. Relative to IMF much S that fab 
is in idle state. 

<Q>: For that we can think of modest underutillization continuing the next quarter or two. 

<A>: Yes, it is empty. And it will stay that way for sure for a quarter. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A>: It takes a lot longer than that if we already had things in place. 

<Q>: Fair enough. Just a quick question about what your view is about Fungible capacity between Dand and RAM. 
Given the technology each is on. But could you talk a little bit about, if that's an issue that affects supply and demand 
across DRAM and NAND now and for Micron and the industry. 


<A>: You know, I think it is still possible to flex capacity back and forth with enough lead time the plan. And that's a 
relatively small amount of capacity. It is not sort of wholesale plans that people would be table to switch back and 
forth. Because there is, you know t a significant divergence I think as we move to more advanced modes in terms of the 
tool sets that are applied. So while you know -- you may be able to flex small amounts of capacity to take advantage of 
market opportunities. Running both in the same -- as we do in Virginia. It is a relatively limited opportunity. 

<Q>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A>: With that we have time for one more call. 

Operator 

Our final question is from Bill Velum [ph] from capital title development. 

<Q>: I'm going to try to make it two questions, please. The first one I think you may have partially addressed before 
because I don't have -- feel I have great clarity still yet. This quarter you had mid $60 million CapEx run rate. And if 
we take the mid point of your fiscal '10 CapEx of 800 million that's roughly 200 million on quarterly basis. And you 
said it would ramp as the year progressed. What is it that you are going to be doing with that significant increase in 
capital as the year progresses? And secondarily, I think Steve -- Mark to talk about Taiwan since you were just there 
and we would like to hear your insights as to where the various companies are at in the process of thinking about 
consolidation or not. And how the government is thinking about it also. 

<A>: All right. I'll take the first part Bill and I'll let Steve take the second part. 

<Q>: Relative to CapEx, I think first of all, I think, the 60 million in the current quarter is probably a slight aberration 
and abnormal depression relative to sort of the ongoing spin we have been experiencing. But having said that, where's 
the money going? It's probably likely 1/3 to NAND and 2/3 to DRAM. The -- and it's, the vast majority is around just 
moving technology forward to either 2 X mode on NAND or 5 X or 4 X node on DRAM. And in terms of where that 
spend is going as I've alluded to, you know, the advance step or takability -- is expensive and adds up quickly. So that's 
a significant piece -


Well, you know, if you want to take the second part, too. Relative to what's going on in, you know, the competitive 
arena, you know, I think clearly in Taiwan, everyone pretty much back on hair heels with the exception of our partners 
who I think have renewed energy at think look how the technology deployment is going I think they feel pretty good at 
that and you can look for a resurgence -- INOTERA and in -- [indiscernible] high mix they clearly have spent some 
capital. Whether they can get efficient use of that I'm not 100% convinced yet but you guys probably have a better read 
on that than me. And LP, I think is very challenged relative to their technology position. -- [indiscernible] is always a 
very strong competitor. 

Bill it is probably worth adding that you know, both -- [indiscernible] were talking to a lot of the investment 
community, our most recent financing -- I would comment the time I think it is even more so now that it doesn't appear 
that there is some grand, large activity that's going to happen in Taiwan, you know, that the government participating in 
terms of supporting all these companies and trying to figure it all out. [indiscernible] for any dollars. So as Mark said 
we feel great actually about the relationship we have and what we have got going there. We think that's clearly going to 
emerge as the leading entity in Taiwan for, you know, for many manufacturing and the debtors are significantly 
challenged in this environment and will likely continue to be for quite some time. 

<Q>: With that in mind are you inclined to be thinking that the corporate activity within Taiwan has already taken 
place meaning that your tie-up with INOTERA and INANIA and nothing else is going to take place for now? 

<A>: Well, I think that's -- I'll let you make those comments Bill. It is hard to speak on behalf of the Taiwan east 
government. But I think the recent investment in LP and the Chinese government and the solid relationship we have 
with NANIA and fermosa [ph] and Taiwan. That entity is viewed as -- solution for Taiwan in terms of having access to 
development technology -- and there is less if any other need to do something else. There might be something -



[indiscernible] scale. So I think that's, I think that, you know, is probably a pretty good base to think about it. 

<Q>: That's helpful. I would like to follow up, Mark, in terms of the comments that you made relative to your CapEx. 
And also, tying that in with comments that have been Madame sporadically throughout this call. Would it be fair 
[made] would it be fair to say you are believing over of the course of the next year you will be improving your 
competitive position relative to where you are at today versus the industry both on the DRAM and the NAND side of 
the house. 

<A>: Yes that would be my view. 

<Q>: Thank you both. 

<A>: Thanks Bill. With that Woo would like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. If you will please 
bear with me of I need to repeat the safe during the course of this call we may have made forward-looking statements 
regarding the company and industry. These particular forward-looking statements and all other statements that may 
have been made on this call that are not historical and actual results may differ materially. For information on the 
important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially please refer to our filings with the SEC includes the 
companies's most recent 10-Q and 10-K. Thank you for joining us. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes Micron Technology fourth quarter and fiscal year end 2009 financial release conference 
call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


