Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• John Barton 
• Tore Svanberg 
• Terence Whalen 
• Blaine Curtis 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Christopher Danely 
• John Pitzer 
• Shawn Webster 
• Ross Seymore 
• Craig Berger 
• Steven Smigie 
• Mark Lipacis 
• Sumit Dhanda 
• Sean Conner 
• Doug Freedman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Release 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer 
session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this program is being recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Paresh Maniar. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jonathan and welcome everyone to our fiscal third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. With me on the 
call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca, and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making 
forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind 
you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, 
including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory 
and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end-market consumption of our products, 
anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. 


If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar 
expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It's important to note that 
the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. During the 
quarter, Maxim's corporate representatives may reiterate the business outlook during private meetings with investors, 
investment analysts, the media and others. 

Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the 
company's SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 27, 2009. Copies can be obtained from the company or the 
SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirement, we have made time available for a question-and-answer 
period at the end of the call today. This will be your opportunity to ask questions to management concerning the 
quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again 
request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. 

I will now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. We are once again pleased with our quarterly financial results. We continue to have good relative 
revenue growth. Bookings were very strong, even after adjusting for extending lead times. Gross margin remained in 
our target range in the low 60s. Operating margin, excluding special items, exceeded 25%, the fourth consecutive 
quarterly increase. We believe our sustained financial performance is continued evidence that our strategy to target 
both high growth and high margin markets while investing in innovation and integration is working. 

Let me review our third quarter financial results. Revenue for the third quarter was 508.9 million, an increase of 7.5% 
from the second quarter. Revenue increased in all four major markets. Industrial increased the most, followed by 
consumer and communication markets. Our revenue mix by major market in Q3 was approximately 31% for consumer, 
26% industrial, 24% computing, and 19% communications. 

As expected, the industrial market had robust growth, due to broad-based demand increases. control and automation 
and medical were the strongest segments. The communications market grew in all segments. Sales into fiber optic 
modules were particularly strong in the quarter. The consumer market returned to growth due to continued solid sales 
in LCD TVs. And finally, the computing market grew in both the financial terminal and the notebook segments. 

Gross margin was 60.7%, in line with our guidance. As expected, we did not get the same level of favorable inventory 
reserve credit recorded in Q2. Operating expenses, excluding special items, were 180 million, flat with the prior 
quarter. Our bonus accrual increased as our forecasted annual operating income continues to increase with our strong 
financial performance. 

R&D also increased due to accelerating design activity. These increases were offset by a $7 million reduction in 
stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to a one-time true-up from a change in assumptions. Overall, we 
continue to tightly manage spending. 

Special items in Q3 operating expenses were primarily related to stock option litigation. Q3 GAAP operating income, 
excluding special items, was 129 million, or 25.3% of revenue. The Q3 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 
36.4%. The Q3 GAAP tax rate of 47.6% included an additional provision of $14 million for our new international 
structure. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.27, up 13% from Q2 due to higher revenue and 
flat operating expenses. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was 165 million. Free cash flow was 140 million, or 28% of 
revenue. Inventory declined by 5 million with days of inventory decreasing to 87 days, well within our target of less 
than 100 days. 


Capital expenditures totaled 21 million in Q3, supporting our target of 5 to 7% of revenue for the year. Share 
repurchases totaled 49 million in Q3, as we bought back 2.6 million shares. In Q3, we paid dividends to our 
shareholders of $61 million. As a result, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by $20 
million in the third quarter to 859 million. 

Moving onto guidance, it will not include our recently announced acquisition of Teridian. The acquisition has not yet 
closed and the timing is dependent on several factors outside of our control, including the HSR anti-trust review. 

During Q3, our bookings increased by 43%. The increase is partly due to customers placing orders with longer lead 
times. On average, lead time is extended by approximately two weeks, which results in higher bookings and backlog. 

Excluding the effect of lead time extension, sequential bookings would have increased by 21% in the March quarter. 
Our beginning Q4 backlog is 480 million, an increase of 44% from the prior quarter. Based on our beginning backlog 
and expected terms, we forecast Q4 revenue to increase to a record 550 million to 570 million. 

We expect strong growth across all four major markets. Our Q4 revenue will be supply limited, as demand has 
increased faster than our ability to ramp our manufacturing capacity. We continue to ramp manufacturing capacity both 
internally and at current and new foundry partners. We expect another 50 to 75 million in quarterly revenue capacity to 
ramp in the second half of the calendar year. Additional capacity to support Teridian is available, as Teridian uses 
merchant foundries. 

Q4 gross margin is estimated at 60 to 62% within our target range. Product mix, potential utilization benefits and 
inventory reserves are some of the variables that will influence Q4 gross margin. Operating expenses are expected to 
increase to 188 to 192 million, primarily because the one-time credit for stock-based compensation expense recorded in 
Q3 will not repeat in Q4. 

Our expected tax rate, excluding special items for Q4, is approximately 36%. In addition, we expect approximately 19 
million additional tax provision for international restructuring. Q4 is expected to be the last quarter that includes the 
special expense item for the international restructuring tax provision. In fiscal year '11, we expect the international 
restructuring to begin to lower our tax rate below 36%. 

For Q4 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we again expect a range $0.30 to $0.33. In Q4, we again 
expect strong cash flow from operations, due to increasing profitability and improving working capital as DSO 
continues to decline and days of inventory declines due to supply constraints. 

Capital expenditures in Q4 will increase as we ramp capacity. Overall, for fiscal year '10, we still expect to be within 
the high-end of our target of 5 to 7% of revenue. Also in Q4, we expect to close and pay for the $315 million 
acquisition of Teridian Semiconductor. 

On April 28, our Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend for the third quarter of fiscal 2010 of $0.20 per share, 
approximately a 4% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. 

Looking forward, our balanced business model and continued investment in innovation and high integration products 
position us well for the future. 

I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce, and thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. I'm pleased that Maxim's revenue and the 
March 2010 quarter exceeded our pre-recession sales level. This was our fourth consecutive quarter of strong revenue 
growth, primarily due to customers regaining confidence and design wins we achieved over the past year. We are 
increasing production capacity to support our continued strong growth. 


Moving onto recent highlights, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Smart Meter systems-on-chip leader, 
Teridian Semiconductor. We enjoyed very strong bookings increases in all four major markets and our operating 
margins continued to improve. 

Turning to channel inventory and lead times, inventory at Maxim declined by 3% to meet increasing demand for our 
products. Inventory at our distributors was up 5%, but this was well below the 11% increase in distributor resales. 

Unfortunately, the rapid surge in demand exceeded our ability to ramp production in the short term. We are addressing 
this challenge. Specifically, first we hired fab operators to increase output from internal fabs and cancelled our 2009 
year-end fab shutdowns. Second, we are adding equipment at our internal fabs to optimize existing production lines. 
Third, we increased loading to our strategic foundry partner, Epson. Fourth, we are adding a new strategic foundry 
partner to support existing products and plan to complete qualification by the September quarter. And fifth, we ordered 
and scheduled sufficient capacity to test ramping output from wafer fabs. 

Even with these actions, manufacturing cycle times limited our revenue in the March quarter. However, these actions 
do enable us to project all time record revenue of 550 million to $570 million in the June quarter, excluding the 
Teridian acquisition. 

Finally, our 0.18-micron BCD technology qualifications at two external foundry partners are on schedule to complete 
in the summer. One foundry partner is 200 millimeter, while the second is 300 millimeter. This will enable us to begin 
shipping new generation, mixed-signal products from a 300 millimeter source during the second half of calendar 2010. 

Now looking at bookings, orders from all four major markets grew strongly in the March quarter, even after adjusting 
for the lead time extension Bruce talked about. I will next provide color regarding these markets and a few 
representative segments in each, based on lead-time adjusted bookings. 

First, consumer. We saw meaningful growth in consumer market bookings. This was led by the home entertainment 
segment, primarily due to strength in LCD TVs. In the LCD TV market, booking strength was driven by increased 
market share in power management products, level shifters and programmable gamma buffers. Maxim provides faster 
time-to-market, higher integration, better performance and lower bill of materials cost than the competition. New 
design wins in TV tuners are also ramping into production, including Maxim's first silicon tuner design win in LCD 
TVs. 

In cellphone battery packs, we are receiving orders in strong acceptance for a couple of different types of products at 
both domestic and international handset OEMs. One type of product resides in the phone and provides a fuel gauging 
and monitoring function, reducing cost and size by eliminating the current sense resistor. The other type of product sits 
in the battery pack and provides a low-cost and superior authentication function for batteries. 

We continued to win several additional designs in the cellphone segment. First, we were chosen to supply a PMIC to 
power Samsung's proprietary applications processor. Second, our micro-USB interface product, which allows audio 
and data to be transferred over a single port has won new sockets. Third, a major cellphone manufacturer has selected a 
Maxim device that enables charging through the USB port in addition to multiplex and data transfer and audio on a 
single port. Fourth, we've seen strong adoption at multiple customers of our power amplifier power management 
technology, due to the significant power savings versus competing parts. 

Next, I'll talk about computing. In this market, orders increased in line with corporate average, led by the rising market 
demand in the notebook segment. The server and data storage segments also enjoyed very strong orders. In servers, a 
Maxim device that restores high-speed signals from one end of the PC board to the other before redriving the output is 
winning many designs. 

In the data storage space, our power supply products saw strong bookings as enterprises have started to spend on 
infrastructure. We're also seeing continued order strength in our 3G expanded products and our new 6G expanded 
products are now shipping final hardware and firmware engineering sample kits to customers. 

Within financial terminals, secure microcontroller products that we added via the acquisition of Zylog's product lines 
contributed to significant order growth as we gained more share within our customer base. 


Third, communications. Of the four major end markets, communications orders were up the most. All three segments, 
base station, networking datacom, as well as telecom, witnessed substantial growth. In the telecom and networking 
datacom segments, orders for fiber optic modules that use our optical transceivers, amplifiers and sensors rose as 
customers stepped up their purchases to support the next phase of 3G deployments in China. 

To standardized performance, a major OEM has asked all its module suppliers to use our microprocessor based optical 
control products. This has resulted in share gains for Maxim. Additionally, in the optical module space, recent design 
wins for power management products are ramping into production. 

In addition to China's 3G deployment, 2G deployment in both China and India gave a boost to our bookings in the base 
station segment. Here, we saw a significant percentage increase in orders for our RF power supply, as well as data 
converters for system monitor and control functions. Looking ahead, one of our key base stations customers is 
preparing for new 4G buildouts in the U.S. 

Finally, industrial. Industrial major market had solid bookings growth during the March quarter. The most significant 
order increases came from the medical, control and automation as well as automotive segments. In the factory 
automation space, we saw increased orders for interface products for use in heating, ventilation and air-conditioning 
equipment as China continues to build up its infrastructure. 

In the automotive segment, Maxim PMICs are winning sockets. These PMICs are unique, full-featured devices capable 
of maintaining reliable operation of multiple outputs while consuming low quiescent current in very harsh automotive 
environments. These environments include low voltage cold crank, extreme temperatures and reverse battery 
conditions. 

Additionally for automotive entertainment, Maxim has developed a series of unique USB port protection products. In 
addition to data line production, these products provide both diagnostics and a controlled charging feature for attached 
equipment while protecting the head unit in the car. 

In closing, I would like to state that the Teridian acquisition embodies the approach that we are taking in various 
markets, having the key products in an application such as the PMIC and the analog base band in cell phones, the video 
compression chip in security cameras, the secure microcontroller in financial terminals and now the key 
system-on-a-chip in smart meters allows Maxim to control the design process and to pull through other Maxim ICs into 
the total system solution. 

The natural progression is to then integrate as many of these external functions into a future generation IC as possible. 
This will give our customers additional cost and size advantages and will keep Maxim in a very strong competitive 
position. 

I will now turn the call back to Paresh. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

That's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourselves to one 
question with one follow-up. Operator, please begin polling for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. Your question please. 

<Q>: Hi. This is [inaudible] for Uche. Looking at your guidance – as you said, your guidance would be at a 
pre-recession level and given the second half seasonality, what do you think – how the second half is going to shape 


out? And secondly, given that the lead times are extending, do you see any evidence of double booking? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. I'm not sure we completely understood the first 
section of the question. You were asking about the second half of the calendar year? 

<Q>: Yes, second half of the calendar year. Because first half has been really strong and how do you think the second 
half seasonality will be, as compared to the normal seasonality? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, that actually is too far out. We don't have enough 
visibility to be able to very strongly give you any indication of what the second half is going to look like. I think your 
second question was related to lead times? 

<Q>: Lead times and double booking. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. So in terms of lead times, we continue to have 
pressure on lead times in the company. And that pressure really won't be relieved until our ability to support the 
demand from the customers matches what the customers want. So I think the lead time pressure will continue. 

And when we look at what does that mean to our bookings that we get, it's very hard for us to be able to tell if the 
customers are double booking on us. However, we do know that we are shipping at a level that is under the 
consumption in the market right now. So it is highly unlikely, even if they are double booking or double ordering from 
us, that we are able to ship it anyway. So we don't really think that that's impacting us too much at this time. Bruce, do 
you want to add anything to that? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think exactly as Tunç said. 
Whereas booking were up 43%, about half of that was due to lead time. And from a revenue point of view, we're only 
giving guidance that, at the midpoint, is up 10%. And so that's just kind of put some numbers behind what Tunç said, 
that of that 10% that we're shipping, I think we feel very confident just from kind of the tension in the system, that 
we're shipping to end demand and that we're not building up inventory. 

Additionally, just when we look out, certainly our inventory was down. Distribution channel inventory was up about 
5%, but resales were up 11%. Therefore, days of inventory actually declined in the quarter. And when we even go out 
and look in our ODM channels, we're not seeing any meaningful buildup there. So at this point in time, our supply 
limitations are preventing any shipment buffer or inventory build. 

<Q>: Okay. And the second question is related to the gross margin. You are seeing a 10% increase in revenue, but 
gross margin seemed to be range bound between 60 and 62. How would you explain that? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so when we look at our gross 
margin, this quarter it was down slightly just because we didn't – we had talked about last quarter, we got the favorable 
inventory reserve credit. We didn't get that same level of credit this quarter and so that's why we were down a little bit. 
From a utilization point of view, were basically sold out right now from a fabs point of view. And any upside that we're 
getting is really coming through our foundries. And so from that point of view, the incremental gross margin benefit is 
less. Certainly, we'll be seeing some utilization benefit on the back end, but that's within the range of the 60 to 62% that 
we gave. And if you recall, that is our target. That's where we think is the sweet spot. Obviously we're showing very 
strong revenue growth relative to the industry and we're able to achieve that while staying in our target gross margin 
range. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Barton from Cowen. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thank you. Could you quantify the amount of dollars left in the table at the end of the quarter 
because of the supply limitation? And what you've received for the June quarter, please? 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me take that one. So I think that what we can tell 
you is that we probably could have shipped another 10% in each quarter. 

<Q - John Barton>: And is it particular product types? Or is it safe to assume it's kind of spread across the product 
portfolio? And if you could just quantify how many customers you think you have in a lines down position? Are we at 
that point? And then kind of what is the reaction, please? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: First of all, the portion that we're unable to ship is pretty 
widespread. It's spread across all of the markets, basically. We're obviously managing the deliveries to our customer to 
try to make sure that we keep everybody lines ups condition, but that is pretty challenging. I don't have any numbers to 
give you on what the effect was on how many customers. 

But clearly, the whole company is mobilized to make sure we can do everything possible for each one of the customers. 
Understanding their minimum requirements, regardless of what their backlog is on the company to be able to run their 
product lines. So it is a challenge but the whole company essentially is marching to make sure that we give the best 
service we can under these tough situations to our customers. 

<Q - John Barton>: Last part of the question is – I know it's got a lot of multiple inputs to it. But at what point in time 
in a calendar do you think you can match the demand and get yourself out of that situation? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's very difficult to say and the reason – we have 
specific plans as to how we're going to increase our capacity and I'm confident that we're going to meet those goals that 
we've internally set. But it is also dependent on how the demand changes and that's the piece that we've always had a 
lot of difficulty predicting. So it's tough to say when the two will meet each other. But it is – at the current picture, it's 
going to be in the second half of the year. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yes. My first question is, just looking at your backlog, it looks like you're assuming about 15% 
turns to hit the midpoint. Would that be accurate? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that's about right, Tore. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: And if that turn is realistic, based on your current lead times, maybe you can talk a little bit 
about how those turns have done so far in the quarter, meaning this month of April? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Those turns are purely supply limited. 
We'll have available turns at a much higher percent. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Okay. And can you maybe quantify your lead times at this point? And what's going to be your 
goal in the second half? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Can you just hold on? Let's – we'll look it up. So 
currently, if you look at the company average, the lead times, they're stretching towards the mid to low teens. That's the 
customer requested lead time and our – the gap between what they request and us is about two or three weeks. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Terence Whalen from Citi. Your question please. 


<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. This one is on distributor inventory. It sounds like the 
sell-through was quite healthy. At what point do you think your shipments into the channel will actually exceed 
sell-through? In other words, when will days of channel inventory begin to increase? Is it going to be in June? Or is it 
going to have to be in a seasonally slower period, like in December? Thanks. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think it's going to be some 
period later than June. I think there is still very strong demand. If we look at bookings, even adjusted for lead times – 
bookings were up 53%. Adjusting that for lead times, they're up about 30%. We look at the end market bookings on our 
distributors and those were up 26%. So there is still very strong demand for the product on a pull through basis. So I 
think at this point there what we shipped to them, they're shipping through. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. Great. And then my follow-up question is regarding some of the strength that you're 
seeing in industrial. I guess given the backlog coverage for June, what's your expectation for growth in that market? 
And then with industrial, in particular, typically that's a March, June seasonality, do you expect that seasonality to 
stretch further this year, given the tightness? Thanks. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think the demand we're seeing 
in June is really strong across-the-board. I think Tunç talked about whereas communications had the strongest bookings 
quarter in the third quarter, even adjusted for lead times. That said, all of the four major markets had bookings on an 
adjusted basis still on double-digits sequential growth. So it's strong kind of across-the-board. As far as industrial in 
later quarters, I think it's just too difficult to predict that at this point in time. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Blaine Curtis from Jefferies. Your question, please. 

<Q - Blaine Curtis>: Hey, guys. I wonder if you can give provide us some color, when did you start to see lead times 
flip out? And then second, if you can just maybe frame – people are concerned about double ordering. What percent of 
your products are second-sourced or more catalog type? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So I'll handle the first one, Blaine. So 
we talked last quarter in our earnings call that lead times had pushed about a week. And I think that's the first time we 
started to really see that. And then of course this quarter they pushed out about another two weeks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So in terms of what percentage of our products are 
second source, we don't have an exact number on that, but it's a pretty small percentage. I know that because when we 
do work through some of the supply tightness for customers and we try to find alternate sources, it's not easy to find. So 
I think the second sourceable portion of Maxim's product line is fairly small. And even in cases where there are second 
sources, what we usually find is we have the qualified and better performing products, so the customer is not willing to 
switch. 

<Q - Blaine Curtis>: Okay. Got you. And the tightness, is it primarily your – you said you're adding capacity. Is it 
primarily fab? Or is it back end, or both? Any clarity there? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I can clarify that some more. Most of our – the primary 
portion of our tightness or of our constraint is coming from wafer fabs, whether internal or external. So that's the 
biggest attention in the company right now on how quickly we can ramp our fabs faster, get test and loading to the max, 
which we've already achieved, as well as adding this new foundry partner that I talked about. So that's the primary. 

But I do want to make sure in the company that there are no other constraints. So we essentially have ordered and are 
receiving enough test equipment to be able to test what's ramping coming out of fab. So we don't expect test to be our 
issue, it's going to be fab. 


<Q - Blaine Curtis>: Got you. Thanks, Tunç. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Market. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Yeah, thank you. So one more question on the capacity side. Last quarter you said your 
internal capacity is 400 million and external 150 million. Does that increase? Has that increased? And how is the 
product mix helping that, in the sense that most of your internal capacity is for the industrial and common. You're 
outsourcing most of the consumer and computing. So is it true that you are missing most of your revenues on consumer 
and computing side? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, no. The last part of your question is not true. So 
we do – you're absolutely right, most of our products in industrial and coms are done in our internal fabs. And most of 
the other products are done in our more modern newer technologies. However, we do have flexibility in moving these 
technologies between our two internal fabs. So we've been very successful in actually keeping our wafer start queues in 
balance between all of our process technologies, meaning all of our end markets. So we're not really seeing particular 
pressure in one area or shortness in one market or another. It's really – we've pretty much distributed it out to most of 
the markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And the $50 million or so – $50 million you are not able to ship. What's the feedback 
from the customers in terms of – is it that they're not able to ship parts because of that? Or they're not able to get to the 
desired level of inventory they will feel comfortable with? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it really depends. It changes from customer to 
customer. In some cases, we've found that they can't get other parts either that they need on their – whatever they're 
building. So they're really trying to optimize their production lines. 

We've seen many cases where a Maxim product is not the only one that they can't get for a model. So they're essentially 
building the models where they can get supply. And that's enabling them to keep producing and keep selling. And it's 
not creating a complete big issue for them. However, having said that, they are concerned about our ability to ramp our 
production and we have communicated to them our plans and they're looking forward to us being able to increase 
what's coming out of our fabs and our production lines. But the tightness in supply, as you know, is not just in 
semiconductors. It's in all kinds of products right now. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Danely. We didn't hear your company name on the recording. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: It's J.P. Morgan. Okay, thanks guys. I guess just another question on capacity. So it 
sounds like you're taking it up a little more than 10%. However, your sales are going up 10% this quarter, and I think 
typical seasonality for the next quarter would be up in the low to mid single digit. So I guess I'm wondering why you 
wouldn't have plans to increase your capacity by a larger amount? And when do we get to the tipping point when you 
guys need to build another fab or acquire another fab or increase the internal capacity more? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So first of all, we are working on plans to 
increase capacity, but it's going to take until the second half of the year. And that will give us more revenue capacity, 
especially from this new strategic foundry that I spoke about earlier. We also have the two other strategic foundries that 
I talked about to supply us on our newer technologies. That will also give us more capacity. 

But that's mostly in newer technologies. So that effect will come in more like in the one to three year type range from 
now. So we're being very aggressive in actually adding capacity. However, most of this capacity being added is coming 


from the outside. We did not – we took a decision not to, for instance, fire up the Irving fab because that's going to take 
a lot longer than putting our process up in an external foundry. So most of our capacity additions are going to come 
from the external strategic foundry arrangements for the coming year. 

<Q - Christopher Danely>: Okay. So when could we see you guys fire up the Irving fab or what would it take to go 
internal? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's very early to decide that right now. And I think that 
we have got the first see things settle down from us catching up and then we can take a decision on whether to go 
forward with it or not. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question, please. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, thanks guys for taking my question. Tunç, I just want to go back to your comment earlier 
that you think you were shipping below consumption. And I guess I understand the relationship between what you're 
shipping to your disties and what's being pulled from your disties. I guess I'm just curious. When I look at your overall 
growth rates to the ultimate end consumptions in the markets you participate in, you seem to be growing significantly 
faster on a sequential basis. So I guess I'm wondering if you guys are at all concerned that there is inventory build 
going on ahead of your distribution partners elsewhere down the food chain? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, okay. So I understand your concern. First of all, 
clearly, the best visibility we have is our inventory. Second best we've got is the distribution inventory. We also have 
pretty good visibility, at least at our large customers, as to what inventory they have. But when you get further than 
that, it gets more difficult, when you go to retail channels and so on. 

So we have done a very good job in the past year, year and a half. We've got a good product lineup. I think those 
products have been well accepted by our customers. So I think that we believe that the demand that we're seeing right 
now is not just the result of people trying to build inventory, but because we have been successful in the market and we 
have won a lot of designs. And that's why we think that this demand we are seeing is not going into an inventory to 
buffer stock. It's really customers trying to build new products that have embedded more Maxim parts in. So that's why 
we feel better that the products are really being consumed and we actually can't produce enough of them, frankly. So 
that's the issue that we got right now. It's not the fact that a customer is trying to build any kind of inventory or buffer in 
their factories. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Perfect. That's helpful. I guess as my follow-on, just on the gross margin front for Bruce. Kind of 
curious, given how tight things are, why pricing wouldn't be a better leverage point on gross margins near-term? And I 
guess as you qualify and ramp 300 millimeter, how do we think about cost savings or gross margins around that event? 
I appreciate it. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So certainly from a pricing point of 
view, to the extent that we're selling through distribution or some of the smaller customers, certainly, you would not 
expect that we would be providing any level of discount that maybe we would do normally. As far as the large OEMs, 
there is always going to be quarterly price negotiations with them and so that dynamic really doesn't change too much. 
And so from that point of view, we really haven't seen a big noticeable change from an ASP point of view. And then 
what was the second question? 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Just, as you start to qualify and ramp 300, how we should think about costs and margins around 
that? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think from a 300 millimeter 
point of view, certainly that's going to allow us to compete in some of these very high-volume consumer markets and 
that will allow us to compete in these markets and maintain our target range of 60 to 62% gross margin. Ultimately, we 


don't win business because of cost, right, or because of price. We win business because we have the better product. We 
have a more highly integrated, more highly innovative product. What the 300 millimeter does is allow us to participate 
in those markets and stay within our target range. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Shawn Webster from Macquarie. Your question please. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Hi. Yeah, thank you. Just circling back up to the inventory question. Are there any end 
markets that you see that appear normal in terms of their inventory levels? Or does everything that you look at out there 
seem lean? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, okay. So when you say end markets, you're just 
talking about the four major ones? 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It's really tough for us to say. When I said we 
look at inventories that our customers have, we can only do that look at customers that are large and those customers 
happen to be in computing and consumer. So in terms of our visibility into what inventory exactly is at the customer, in 
the other two markets, it's a lot more difficult to establish. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But I think the amount of questioning that we're getting 
from customers in those markets leads me to believe that they really are pretty low on inventory. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Shawn, if you want to use distie as a 
proxy for industrial, we know our distie inventory right now. So, it's probably in the low 50s from a days of inventory 
point of view, when historically it runs around 60 days. So we know on that point of view, industrial as well, as Tunç 
said, we get a view into some of the large ODMs for consumer and computing, and we're not seeing the inventory – 
any excess inventory there. And then of course our own inventory at 87 days is well below our target of less than 100 
days. So where we do have visibility, it looks lean in those areas. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And then my follow-up. Should we assume that the high end of the range that you gave 
to us is your capacity constrained range? And can you give us any color on how you expect your OpEx trajectory to 
look in the back half of the calendar year? Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I do think it's probably fair to 
say, since we are supply limited that the high end is sort of what we think we can do. From a – within the quarter, it's 
really dependent on mix and how any turns that do come in, how those line up with available supply and available 
inventory that we have. And so, that's really what determines where we're going to come within that range. 

As far as OpEx for the back half of the year, we continue to grow our OpEx at a rate slower than revenue. And that's 
clearly kind of what we've been achieving every quarter here and we expect to continue to do that in the back half of 
the year. Probably the only item of note there is we do have a merit increase that starts in the month of September and 
then has the full impact in the December quarter. But in general, you should assume, like we've demonstrated now over 
a multiple quarters that OpEx will grow at a rate slower than revenue. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Just to give an example on that OpEx, unfortunately this 
quarter we had this one-time stock-based compensation accounting recording. But if you look at Q2 to Q4 projections, 
revenue is going to grow – we've guided to grow about 18% over two quarters. And OpEx is projected to grow about 
6%. So we're pretty much sticking to our plan to have OpEx grow slower than revenue. And that's what we expect to do 
in the second half of the year. 


<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, guys. Just a question on the cellphone side of things. Tunç, you highlighted a lot of design 
wins there. Can you talk about just roughly what percentage of your total sales it represents? And what's the normal 
seasonality that we should think of for you guys in that space next quarter and even into the back half, given that it's a 
relatively newer space for you? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first of all, the cellphone space, our revenue is at 
about 20% of our revenue. We do expect the revenue itself to keep growing. Whether that percentage changes will 
depend on how all the other markets are growing, frankly. But I think that the demand is strong and we expect it 
actually to continue, at least our forecasts that we see from our major customers and our business units say that it will 
continue to be strong through this quarter and through the September quarter as well. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And Ross, this is Bruce. I think right 
now we're still in the early ramp stage such that design wins and new product introductions are really driving our 
growth, more so than seasonality. It's not a mature business yet, so as we get new design wins and new phones at 
multiple customers, that's really what's driving our growth right now as opposed to normal seasonality. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great. And the one follow-up, switching gears over to the gross margin side and kind of layering 
on top of the stock-based comp that you talked about. It looks like that was about a benefit of maybe a point, with 
stock-based comp going down to the gross margin in your prior quarter. That's going to go against you in this next 
quarter, but your gross margin guidance is actually a little bit higher than it was last quarter. What's the driver of the 
upside? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Primary driver is utilization. When we 
look at that from the Q3 to Q4, we'll see the potential product mix. But for the most part, it's the utilization that's going 
to drive that up. If you remember, there is always a little bit of a lag on that and utilization continues to improve. It was 
81% in December for our fabs, 87% in Q3 and we're basically running them as fast as we physically can right now. So 
we'll continue to get some benefit there. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I guess the first one is a general question and that is 
given the strength, the sizeable strength we're seeing here in the first half, how should we be thinking about modeling 
the second half? Do we expect continued growth? And can you also tie in any potential design win commentary? Are 
you seeing more design wins? Is that the why we should continue to model growth? Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: First of all, Craig, we don't have enough visibility for 
the second half. All we can do from a company standpoint is make sure that we got enough flexible capacity in place so 
that if it continues to be strong in the second half, we can support the customers. Now we have had a very successful 
year last year in terms of design wins for our products. 

So from that viewpoint, I think we're going to see a lot of these new products continue to ramp in the second half. But 
being able to say that with a lot of confidence is not that easy at this point. All we know is that the customers have 


accepted our products as being very competitive and adding value to whatever they build and they've designed them in. 
And some of what happens is going to depend on how those end products are successful at the end customer space. So 
it's very hard, I think, to quantify the second half of the year. But at least from inputs I get from a lot of people, 
including our customers, they think the strength is going to continue. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you. And then just the follow-up is just on the mini analog base band and signal analog 
base band products. Where are you with those products? Which customers are you ramping into? What type of 
contributions should we expect? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well we're – essentially I think, we've given some of 
this feedback in the past. We've had – many of those products are being successful, especially at our major Korean 
customers. We've also winning some other sockets at some new customers in the U.S. We have design wins now next 
to many different types of communications and apps processors. I think I mentioned a new one today, which was the 
Samsung apps processor. So our goal really is to have a analog based band chip or a power management IC that can 
power up as many of the applications processors and counts processors that are available out there. 

And we've really successfully been able to do that. And each quarter almost, where it seems like we're adding another 
apps processor that we can power. And I still believe though, we're at the early stages of all the design wins. We still 
really have major penetration into a couple of customers. And as you know, there are a lot more than a couple in that 
market. So I still believe that we're in the early stages of getting many more design wins with this high integration 
approach and strategy that we've taken. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you so much. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Your question please. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Great. Thanks a lot. I apologize for returning to the capacity again, but as you mentioned, it 
seems like you've got a bunch of new products that could have some very nice ramp. Also, it seemed like you were 
mentioning that extra capacity you're bringing online could be done sometime December. Does that mean if some of 
these products can ramp strongly into the back half of the year that you could add additional capacity even in, say, the 
fourth quarter beyond just the third quarter? Again, part of the reason I'm asking too, as somebody else pointed out 
earlier, it sounded like you only got 10% upside even with the new capacity you're brining on line? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So as we have said, there is the 
50 to 75 million in additional revenue capacity per quarter that will be coming kind of ramping in the back-half of the 
year. And then beyond that, when we get out into calendar year '11 to the extent that as required, obviously we have 
plans to ramp beyond that as well. And so certainly we think half off the 560, 570 current capacity that we have and 
adding that additional 50 to 75 in just the back-half of the year, we think that by any measure should normally be 
adequate and then we'll continue to ramp as required in calendar 2011. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay. And I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the financial terminals business. 
Where is that now as a percentage of your computing revenue? And what sort of growth rates are you seeing out there 
based on customer forecast at this point? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we're seeing some solid design wins in that space. 
We actually – I'd rather not break down exactly what our revenues are in that area. But it is – we have been successful 
with the plan that we started last year. We've got great – essentially applications and softwares and reference designs 
from the Innova Card acquisition and the more powerful processors from the Zylog acquisition. And those products are 
being well accepted at our customers. 


I'd still say we're in the early phases still, though. That revenue is going to continue to grow into the future. One thing 
that I do want to add that I think Bruce and I did not mention before – this is back to your capacity question. Remember 
that all these numbers also do not including contributions from the Teridian acquisition, as well. So we'll get revenue 
from that because that is using external merchant foundries, so it's not limited by our capacity. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay. Great. Congratulations on the good numbers. Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Thanks for taking my question. Bruce, what's the framework for modeling the tax rate going 
forward? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. As we said, in the fourth quarter 
we'll have our last special expense item related to our international restructuring. And then when we look at fiscal year 
'11, starting in July, we'll now be getting – be able to get the – starting to get the benefits of our international structure 
and so you should expect that the tax rate for fiscal year '11 should probably be in the 30 to 35% range. When we then 
go out to fiscal year '12, it should be in the high-20s and fiscal year '13 should be in the mid-20s. 

And the way to think about that is you record your effective tax rate on an annual basis and so you'll see that rate pretty 
consistent throughout – say, the 30 to 35% consistent throughout fiscal year '11. So it will be good. The 15 million, the 
19 million a quarter that we've been seeing, that goes away completely. And then the 36% starts coming down every 
year such that by fiscal year '13 will be operating in the mid-20s. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Okay. And then the cash after you closed the acquisition, how do you think about how much 
cash you like to have on the balance sheet? Thanks. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So our target range for cash has always 
been around 500 to 700 million, and after we close the deal we'll still be within that range. So we're still comfortable. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Bank of America. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Yes, hi. Bruce. first question, I guess I'm a little bit confused. I think earlier on the call, you had 
said that you were "sold out on capacity." But then I think in response to another question you said you're running 87% 
internal utilization in Q1. So I'm curious as to why you don't have at least some more modest upside from a capacity 
perspective, especially to drive sales in segments which seem to be doing very well in which you manufacture products 
internally? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So the 87% is a utilization against 
available tooling. And so you're never – both from an operator point of view, we've been ramping up operators. And 
just from the ability to run every line efficiently, you're not going to have a perfect mix of running through each one of 
our lines from that point of view. And you should assume that in the June quarter, it's probably gone over 90%. And so 
we are clearly running as hard as we can on the factories. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. Got you. Second question [inaudible] again in response to a question on second half 
visibility. One of the things you said was it's hard to tell beyond the June quarter. But given that your customers are 
placing longer lead time backlog on you, would you care to take a second stab at what September might look like? I 
was assuming you'd have more confidence in the outlook for the back half of the year based on that? 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. It's really – they are placing longer lead time orders, 
but they are still not really that long. So they're still reaching. And as I said, it's in the low-teen, which is only about 
three months or so, three, four months. So I think it's really, it's still difficult to call. I think as I said anecdotally, when I 
talk to customers, they're still pretty bullish about the second half of the year. 

But usually you don't know until you hit some kind of a snag either in the economy or somewhere where things change. 
But I think that, as I said before, the demand for our products is pretty strong right now and it's going to depend on how 
successful all those products are in selling into the end-market. And I can't really go much beyond saying that what the 
customers tell me, which is that they're pretty bullish. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean Conner from FAF Advisors. 

<Q - Sean Conner>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my call. Just a couple of quick ones. First of all, from an inventory 
standpoint, what percentage of your OEM customers are on a hubbing system? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, hold down. Let's look at that. Do you mean a 
[inaudible] system? 

<Q - Sean Conner>: Yeah. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's about 10%. 

<Q - Sean Conner>: And then as far as ramping the new capacity with your foundry customers, are you getting 
basically the same type of pricing that you're getting on your current external wafers? Or are you having to pay up for 
kind of this expedited capacity? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're talking about the new foundry partner – ? 

<Q - Sean Conner>: Yes. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Their prices are competitive. There's no premium. 

<Q - Sean Conner>: All right. Thank you guys very much. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from Broadpoint. Your question please. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Hi, great. Thanks for taking my questions guys. Bruce, could you focus in a little bit on the 
OpEx? There has been a pretty good shift going on in terms of stock comp. So, if you look at it on a pro forma basis, 
the OpEx is actually rising, but it's coming out of the reducing stock comp. What's your outlook for stock comp going 
forward as a percent there? Is that a number that's going to continue to come down? And also how much of the OpEx is 
profit-based accruals for higher bonuses? And how quickly, if we needed to, could you reverse that trend line? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So stock-based comp, we've given 
them all to about 5% of revenue. Currently, we're below that right now. And as we said, this quarter it was abnormally 
low, due to this true-up and we would expect in Q4, it probably goes back to the Q2 level. Maybe even actually one or 
2 million above the Q2 level. And so that's really kind of where we see it. 


So we're going to target this 5% or less and it might press down slowly a little bit, just because revenue is going to be 
growing, to the extent that revenue growth faster. So from that point of view, that is where we see stock-based comp. 
From a bonus accrual, it is difficult to break that out. Obviously. its based on – it's a percent of operating income. But 
to the extent that, for any reason, there was a double dip or something like that in the economy and the business slowed 
down, then the profit accrual adjusts automatically with our forecast for profit. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations 

At this point, we conclude our earnings call. Thank you all for participating, and your continued interest in Maxim. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


