Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Uche Orji 
• Tore Svanberg 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Venkatesh Nathamuni 
• Kate Kotlarsky 
• Ross Seymore 
• Steve Smigie 
• Doug Freedman 
• Chris Caso 
• Brett Piira 
• Tim Luke 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release 
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will 
follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this program is being recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Paresh Maniar. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome everyone to our Fiscal Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me on 
the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making 
forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind 
you that the statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations of predictions of the future, 
including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings, and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory 
and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected and market consumption of our products, 
anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. If we use words like 
anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate, or variations of these words and similar expressions relating to the 
future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

It's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the 
forward-looking statements. During the quarter, Maxim's corporate representatives may reiterate the business outlook 


during private meetings with investors, investment analysts, the media and others. Additional information about risks 
and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC filings on Form 10-K for 
the year ended June 26, 2010. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirements, we have made time available for a question and answer 
period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly 
results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that 
participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. 

Before we begin the call, I'd like to announce that Maxim will be holding its Analyst Day in San Francisco on 
Thursday, March 3, 2011, starting at 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time. Buy-side investment professionals and sell-side analysts 
are invited to attend. The date selected coincides with the last day of Morgan Stanley's 2011 Technology, Media and 
Telecom Conference, thus allowing attendees from outside the San Francisco Bay area to make efficient use of their 
time. We would like to thank Morgan Stanley for agreeing to coordinate these two events. We will issue a 
communication shortly that will provide additional details. 

I will now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. I will review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was 613 million, 
down 2% from the first quarter. Consumer and Computing declined while Industrial and Communications grew. Our 
revenue mix by major market in Q2 was approximately 32% for Consumer, 28% in Industrial, 21% in Communications 
and 19% Computing. 

The Consumer market declined as expected due to an inventory correction in LCD TVs. The Industrial market grew 
modestly due to broad-based demand. The Communications market grew due to a full quarter of Phyworks revenue and 
a supply catch-up in base stations. And finally, the Computing market declined due to weakness in the notebook and 
peripheral segments. 

Gross margin, excluding special items, was 63.5%, flat with the 63.4% in the prior quarter. An improvement in mix 
was offset by unfavorable manufacturing variances due to lower revenue. Special items in Q2 gross margin were in 
intangible asset amortization. 

Operating expenses, excluding special items, were 202 million compared to 200 million in Q1. The increase was 
primarily due to our annual merit increase and product development activity, offset by lower stock-based comps. 
Special items in Q2 operating expenses were primarily related to our planned move to a new headquarters campus, 
stock option litigation and intangible amortization from acquisitions. 

Q2 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was 187 million or 30.6% of revenue. Operating margin was 
above our 30% target for the second consecutive quarter. The Q2 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 28% 
compared to 33% in the prior quarter. The improvement is due to approval of the R&D tax credit and benefits of our 
new international structure. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.44, up 2% from Q1 despite 
lower revenue. 

Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, during the quarter, cash flow from operations was 200 million or 33% of 
revenue. The strong cash flow was attributed to a combination of our international tax structure and improvement in 
day sales outstanding, which declined to 44 days from 48 days in the prior quarter. Inventory increased to 89 days, 
approaching our target of 90 to 100 days to better serve our customers. Inventory in the channel, excluding catalog 
distributors, was 63 days and is now restocked at targeted levels. 

Net capital expenditures totaled 28 million in Q2, which includes both the purchase of our new headquarters campus 
and proceeds from the sale of our current campus. Free cash flow was 166 million or 27% of revenue. Share 
repurchases totaled 41 million in Q2 as we bought back 1.9 million shares. In Q2, we paid dividends to our 


shareholders of 62 million. As a result, total cash, cash equivalents and short term vestments increased by 80 million in 
the second quarter to $798 million. 

Moving on to guidance, during Q2, bookings were down as lead times declined and we proactively worked with 
customers to validate our backlog. Our beginning Q3 backlog was 512 million, which is still above historical levels as a 
percent of projected revenue. Based on this strong beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q3 revenue of 
590 million to 620 million or up 1% to down 4% from Q2. For the March quarter, we expect strength in Consumer, 
Industrial to be up slightly, Communications down slightly and Computing down. 

Q3 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated at 61% to 64%, within our target range. Product mix, utilization 
and inventory reserves are some of the variables that will influence Q3 gross margin. Special items in Q3 gross margin 
are estimated at 8 million, primarily amortization of intangible assets. 

Q3 operating expenses, excluding special items, are expected to be up slightly primarily due to reinstatement of our 
401(k) matching plan. Long term, we will continue to manage OpEx to grow slower than revenue. Special items in Q3 
operating expenses are estimated at 4 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. 

Our expected Q3 tax rate, excluding special items, is approximately 27% to 29%. In fiscal 2011, we begin to benefit 
from our international restructuring. For Q3 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, we expect a range of 
$0.39 to $0.44. Capital expenditures in Q3 are expected to increase from Q2. Overall for FY '11, we continue to target 
5% to 7% of revenue. On January 20th, our Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend of $0.21 per share, 
approximately a 3.2% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. 

I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. 

Let me first summarize the highlights of the December quarter. One, we maintained operating margin above our 30% 
target. Two, our earnings per share improved sequentially despite a 2% decline in revenue. Three, for the first time in 
our history, highly integrated product revenue exceeded 30% of total company sales. And four, we had highly 
successful participation at two recent trade shows, Electronica in Germany and CES in Las Vegas. 

Now looking at lead times, the availability of production capacity at our newly qualified foundry partners enabled us to 
reduce the delivery times that we quote to our customers. In response to our shorter quotes, customer order lead times 
began to reduce during the December quarter. The decline in order lead times had the expected impact on bookings, 
resulting in a book-to-bill ratio less than one. We project this to continue until order lead times return to historical 
levels. 

Based on our analysis of inventory in the supply chain and forecast by customers, we believe that demand for our 
products remains healthy. Specifically, in the Consumer market we have good growth due to design wins in handsets. 
In LCD TVs, high inventories build last summer appear to have burned off so demand is returning. 

In the Industrial market, we see strength in automotive and utility meters. We believe we're avoiding a significant 
inventory correction since we were unable to ship buffer inventory to our customers due to tight capacity in 2010. In 
Communications, we caught up to customer buffer shipments in December quarter. This would result in a slight 
revenue decline in the March quarter. In the Computing market, we observed declining customer inventories in 
notebook PCs but still expect soft demand. 

In today's call, I will use Maxim's participation at the Electronica and CES trade shows as the backdrop to expand on 
our recent successes. At the Electronica show in Munich, which attracts more than 70,000 visitors and focuses on 
industrial markets, we showcased a dozen working solutions for the medical, smart grid, LED lighting, energy 
measurement, factory automation and automotive markets. 


The medical demos included an infusion pump, blood glucose meters and ultrasound imaging front end. Maxim 
technology enables more accurate, lower power and smaller portable medical devices that will make a difference in the 
lives of people all around the world. We are pleased that ultrasound platforms that utilize our high voltage multiplexer 
and pulsar transmit technology are beginning to ramp in volume. 

Our LED demo at Electronica highlighted Maxim's lamp driver solutions. Our drivers enable LED lamps to be 
retrofitted into incandescent sockets controlled by existing dimmers. They solve the difficult problem of working at the 
low light end of the dimming range with a wide variety of installed dimmer technologies. We also set up a large 
installment of LED lights whose colors, brightness and sequencing were all varied and controlled on the fly using our 
power line communications technology now applied to building light automation. It used the existing A/C power lines 
and required no additional wiring. 

One of our smart grid demos showed how Maxim's products accurately measure the energy consumption of an 
appliance and then use our power line communication technology to send that information to a computer in a different 
part of the home over A/C wiring. In power meters, we're seeing increased orders for a high accuracy real-time clock 
that is based on miens resonator and integrated temperature compensation circuitry. The demand is coming from smart 
grid/smart meter deployment in China. Additionally, in smart meters we have received noticeable orders for an RS-45 
interface product also from a customer in China. 

For hybrid and all-electric vehicles we showcased our solutions provide the best charging, maintenance, performance 
and safety for automotive battery packs. The automotive section of the Maxim booth also featured our high efficiency 
car stereo amplifier technology. This product can deliver 200 watts to four speakers from a mere 76-millimeter square 
package footprint, making it the solution of choice for high performance audio. 

Our participation at the Las Vegas Consumer Electronics Show, attended by 140,000 visitors, was equally successful. 
More than 160 meetings with customers were conducted by high-level Maxim managers. Additionally, we hosted 12 
technology editors and many investors. At our booth, visitors were guided through displays which emphasized how 
Maxim-generated products enhance the way consumers see, touch and hear. 

For videoconference via TV applications, we demonstrated a video camera solution that enables up to four video calls 
to be held all at once on any HDTV and displayed at 720p resolution. In addition to multi-party video, we showcased 
new technologies that used face detection and tracking, 3D capture and gesture recognition. Visitors were impressed. 

The HD television in the living room is often the focal point for many families, but a lot of their games, photos and 
personal videos still reside on individual PCs. AMIMON recently introduced a compact wireless home digital interface 
USB stick containing Maxim RF transceivers. This solution allows users to wirelessly view their entire desktop and 
notebook PC or tablet content on the big screen. We demonstrated technology which has no perceivable latency, robust 
HD video quality, and low power consumption for mobile devices and the ability to transmit up to 100 feet even 
through walls. 

For parents using a camera to capture the moment of their children who never stop moving around, continuous 
auto-focus is a true blessing. But excessive heat and power consumption creates a barrier for adoption in many 
handheld products. At Maxim's booth, we demonstrated how mobile device manufacturers are using our 
high-efficiency voice coil motor drivers to reduce power consumption by up to 75%. This makes for a true camcorder 
[inaudible] experience in cell phones, eliminating blurry images. 

Another demo featured a new video camera for consumer home monitoring applications. The camera is powered by 
Maxim's video codec and controlled from a smart phone app. We provide a complete reference design to address the 
fast-growing market of electronics for the connected home. 

Multiple demonstrations highlighted how our TacTouch controllers support up to 10 finger simultaneous touch with 
stunning sensitivity for demanding applications such as handwriting recognition and multi-touch gesture-enabled video 
gaming. The excellent sensitivity provided by our controllers enable capacitive touch screens that can be used with a 
stylus, ballpoint pen, fingernails, and even gloves within the harsh telephone environment. 


For cell phone applications, a display featured a Maxim proximity sensor that deactivates the touch screen when the 
device is brought near one's ear during a call. Our product improves battery life, and our high sensitivity prevents 
inadvertent inputs from the user's face. 

In addition, we showcased the industry's lowest power ambient light sensor that detects available environmental light 
and automatically adjusts the display backlighting to compensate for low light and high light environments. Our 
product consumes 50 times less power than the closest competitors. 

Demand for Maxim products in the cell phone segment has remained strong. This is driven by the ongoing migration 
towards smart phone usage and by our increasing content at virtually all major handset manufacturers. 

LTE phones present a new high-dollar content opportunity for Maxim. We're designed into recently announced LTE 
phones from two major cell phone manufacturers. The recent PMIC design win at a Tier 1 handset customer is also 
starting to ramp. It is going into a high-volume, feature phone, and is expected to be a significant revenue contributor in 
fiscal 2012. 

We will be attending the Mobile World Congress next month where the theme will be "Maxim Enables End-to-End 
Mobile Communications." We intend to use this demo approach at our upcoming Analyst Day as well. In addition to 
short formal presentations, we will have displays demonstrating Maxim technology being used in Consumer, Industrial, 
Communications and Computing markets. We look forward to seeing you at that event. 

I'll now turn the call back over to Paresh. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

That's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Again, please limit yourself to one 
question and one follow-up. Jonathan, please begin polling for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Luke from Barclays Capital. Your 
question, please? Tim Luke, your line is open. You might have your phone on mute. 

All right, we'll move on. Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji from UBS. Your question, please. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Let me just probably start off by asking you about your view on the Industrial 
demand where we've seen a bit of catch-up and also within distributors. One of the things that's been a tailwind for 
demand through 2010 has been this catch-up. Tunç, as we're now in 2011, can you just walk me through what are the 
critical demand drivers and how you view that market will develop into 2011? And similar comments also on what 
you're seeing on the Communications side, what are the sort of key drivers of demand through 2011? That's for my first 
question. Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Sure, so I'll take that one. First of all, just to give 
you a brief history of time here, so as you know, we were supply constrained during several quarters in 2010, calendar 
2010. And this restricted the amount of product we could ship, primarily to our industrial customers. And the majority 
of our shipments actually go in the Industrial market through distribution, so there's another level of complexity there. 

However, in that market, we also have some ramping product lines like the automotive market, utility meter market and 
so on, so those are kind of helping us in terms of making sure that we have growth. And also the fact that we weren't 
able to ship this inventory last year is most likely muting the amount of effect that we're going to see from the projected 
inventory control that we're all hearing about from some of our competitors. So the combined effect of us doing well in 
automotive and also being unable to ship this inventory that the customers were asking for last year is hopefully going 


to be a – provide a better outlook for a softer landing for Maxim. 

Your other question was regarding Communications markets, and in that market, we actually did have – did catch up 
and ship some of the buffer inventory that our customers were requesting in the December quarter. So in the short term, 
we really expect that revenue to drop slightly, as I said in my prepared comments. But overall, we think that we do 
have good opportunities for growth next year, especially in the optical area and especially with our acquisition of 
Phyworks. So we think the infrastructure market will be a reasonably good growth area for us this year. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Right. Let me just ask you a little bit on the – what you have seen in the tablet market. I think last 
quarter you mentioned having about 45 design wins within tablets. As we sit here today, I mean, there are obviously 
questions about selling – the eventual sell-through of all these tablets. 

Can you make any comments as to how much of that is captured in the guidance you provided for the March quarter 
yet and what your thoughts are, based on the products you've seen, about eventual sell-through? And while you're 
commenting on that also, any comment on timing for your touch products which you talked about? When? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So you managed to fit in four questions in there, 
but that's okay. I – let me talk about tablets for a bit. So, yes, I did mention in our last call about our design wins in 
about 40, 45 platforms. Many of those are beginning to come to market. I think you've seen several of them at CES and 
each customer is talking about those. It's really still very difficult for us to figure out which one of them is going to 
succeed, and therefore to really be able to predict, know what revenues are going to be in this market for us. And 
mainly that's because the amount of dollar content we have in each tablet varies a lot; varies anywhere from sub dollars 
to $3 or $4 dollars per tablet, and the amount of revenue will depend on which ones succeed. 

In terms of our revenue growth that we're projecting, obviously we do have some estimates of what we think will 
succeed, are actually fairly modest early on in this calendar year. I mean, it's probably less than 1% of revenue or so. 

So it's starting out pretty modest, but I personally am pretty bullish about that market. I think it will – several of the 
models will get good traction and I think that it's a good market that Maxim can benefit from because essentially we 
have the right types of products for that market. As we said before, the analog content is pretty similar to cell phones so 
our high integration strategy plays really well into that market just like it did for cell phones. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel Nicolaus. Your question, please. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yes, thank you, and good quarter. First of all, either Bruce or Tunç, could you talk a little bit 
about the lead time correction and impact on bookings? You basically said that you expect to get down to historical 
levels, and I'm just hoping to hear from you what timeframe you had in mind as far as when that lead time correction 
would come to an end as far as having an impact on bookings. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think that in the last conference call we said that 
in the March quarter the lead times would go back to normal levels. I think we've got a lesson learned. It's really tough 
to predict customer behavior especially when there are so many of them in the Industrial market. So it looks like 
customers really are still placing on us fairly long lead time orders for these products. And it has reduced, but it hasn't 
reduced as fast as we thought. So for sure it's going to take longer than the March quarter for these order lead times to 
get back to what I would call historical patterns. I think that I'm going to learn my lesson and not try to predict it this 
time. But it is declining and it is declining slower than we thought two or three months ago. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Tore, this is Bruce. The good news is 
that fab queues are back to normal and so from a capacity and the ability to supply, the foundries that we brought 
online in the summertime has worked out really well. And so it's really just a matter of our customers getting 
confidence in that and lowering their lead times. And it seems that those lead times are coming down, just a little bit 
slower than we thought. 


<Q - Tore Svanberg>: That's fair. And my follow-up has a little bit to do with capacity and outsourcing. As we look at 
calendar '11, how are you planning for capacity expansion? And how much of your business could potentially could be 
outsourced to foundries? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So we're probably – this year probably going to be in 
the mid to high 30s for outsourced wafer production. We are doing some investments internally, especially upgrading 
for some newer technologies. But much of our increase in wafer output this year we expect to come from our foundry 
partners. We think that with the plan we've got I think we can still continue to remain in our 5% to 7% of revenue for 
our capital spending in the year. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi. 

<Q>: Thanks. This is Ben speaking for Terence. My first question, can you please quantify your lead time, so I 
remember? It was slightly below 14 weeks last quarter and where they are now. And also, what's the variance between 
different markets, like Industrial and Consumer PC? Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Our lead times now are currently – order lead times are 
around 12 weeks and we expect those to continue to decline. I think there's not too much different; as you would 
expect, Consumer's a little bit lower and Industrial is a little bit higher. Given kind of the nature of those markets, that's 
to be expected. 

<Q>: All right. And what is your utilization rate now? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So in our fabs, our internal fabs, they're basically full 
and we're using the external fabs as variable capacity which is exactly as designed. When we look at the back end and 
we've talked about a little bit of unfavorable variances with the revenue downtick, that's really on the back end where 
we have tests done internally in the Philippines. 

<Q>: Okay. I see. A quick follow-up question; can you please give us some idea about the booking trend, especially in 
the Industrial market, what do you see in December and coming to January, February? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think until the lead times come in line, I think the 
bookings are still not a good proxy for demand. We've – as we've been doing now for the last couple of quarters, 
spending a tremendous amount of time talking with our customers, understanding the inventory that's in the channel, 
understanding what's happening at the distributors and their end market bookings, and we're really using that to provide 
the guidance that we've given. At this point, I don't think – I'll just say internally we don't look at bookings as a good 
indicator for demand right now. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Yes. Bruce, could you just go over again – you said that very fast, about how each market 
are going to do in the March quarter? And if I heard correctly, you said March is going – Consumer is going to be up in 
March quarter, and if you can elaborate on what's driving that? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. So the – our Consumer business 
is going to be up again, right, the – Tunç talked about the strength that we're seeing in cell phones and kind of the 


continued design wins and traction that we're getting there. So cell phones will be up. 

Plus we're seeing kind of a recovery in the TV market. It was down significantly, as we all know, in the December 
quarter. It appears that's bottomed and that's up. 

We expect the automotive market to be up slightly. I mean, excuse me, the Industrial market to be up slightly, driven 
by both automotive and utility meters; offset a little bit by some softness in the broadband or broad-based area. Maybe 
that's what we're seeing a little bit of this inventory softness. But in general we still expect Industrial to be up slightly. 

We expect the COM business to be down just slightly. Again, we did some supply catch-up in the December quarter in 
the base station business and so we won't see that. However, that down will be offset by some continued strength in our 
fiber optic business. So COM should be down just slightly. 

And then in Computing, we do expect that to be down. Again, we're seeing some softness in notebooks. We have seen 
inventory levels decline at the – at our OEMs, ODMs for notebook but we are still seeing some softness in that market. 
And then as well in sort of like peripherals and some of those areas, printers, authentication we're seeing a little bit of 
softness there as well. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And just a quick follow-up on the consumer side. You had – you were showing several 
products at the CES and Tunç talked about that. If you can just give us an idea for how to model the new product 
growth? I mean, you can take a traditional whatever it is, hand set and TV, but when do these new products start to be 
meaningful? Will it be second half of this year or is it more like a 2012 story? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, these – many of the products we actually 
showcased at CES, they're very new technology. Many of them are just – were hot off the press, so to speak. So it's 
really too early for us to talk about a revenue stream or a model of even how to calculate the revenue. And frankly, we 
don't know what the option rate is going to be like in a connected TV, how about big the adoption of video 
teleconferencing is going to be like and so on. So those are quite difficult. 

The TacTouch products, they're also pretty new for us. I talked about that technology a little bit. Reception is good. But 
those products have – typically have a longer designing time because they're more involved with the system. So, again, 
I won't be able to give you a really good number yet in terms of even being able to tell what the model is for those. So 
almost all of the products I talked about, obviously, were very brand new products and it's a little bit too early for us to 
talk about it. I think maybe six months from now we can give some more color. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Venk Nathamuni from J.P. Morgan. Your next question, please. 

<Q - Venkatesh Nathamuni>: Thanks for taking my questions. First, just an observation. It seems like the last couple 
of quarters, your gross margin range has been a little bit wider than it used to. It used to be about 200 basis points for 
several quarters. And then this quarter and the last, you've given a 300 basis point range. What are the puts and takes 
and why the wider range? If you could explain, that would be great. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. I think the little bit wider range 
is just when we're going through this inflection point and working through the lead times coming back down. And 
we've had a little bit of softness in revenue. Sometimes you get a little bit bigger issues around variances; sometimes 
you can have some issues around inventory reserves. And so we just wanted to make sure that we're covering all those 
in our range. 

That said we were, again, at the – near the high end of our range at 63.5% this quarter. When we look to the March 
quarter, you could have a little pressure from a mixed point of view and a little pressure from a manufacturing variance 
point of view. But, obviously, we're pushing very hard in order to maintain it within the range. 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Please keep in mind that for the last few quarters, 
we pretty much are all – our backlog was in our hands so we knew pretty much exactly what we were going to ship. 
We don't – we're – slowly, that's going away, which is what we expect to happen. So I think that range is widened, as 
Bruce said, for those reasons. 

<Q - Venkatesh Nathamuni>: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color. And then, it also appears just based on the tone that 
you and some of the other companies are cautiously optimistic about demand in calendar '11. First of all, is that a fair 
characterization? And also as a follow on, do you think we are in an environment where we could return to normal 
seasonal patterns going forward? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Well, first of all, on the first part of your 
question, we – or your statement, we are optimistic or cautiously optimistic as you put it. The underlying demand for 
our products seems to be healthy. We're really not seeing a lot of excess inventory. If you recall, we actually looked 
pretty carefully at three or four markets and analyzed inventory levels, et cetera. And those seem to be, well, either flat 
or coming down, which says we are shipping probably under consumption to those customers. 

So those are the things that are telling us that there is end demand for the products that our products are going into. I 
think going forward, we – as I said, I think things are looking better than they did a year ago. And I think that's why 
you're probably hearing this from multiple other suppliers as well. 

And Venk, you had another question, I think, in the ...? Was that your whole question? Okay. Yeah, if that was when 
you are whole question, let's – we can move on. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Hi. This is Kate Kotlarsky for Jim Covello. Thank you for taking the question. I was hoping 
you could talk a little bit about your 300-millimeter strategy and where you are with your product ramp. I know you 
had started to ship some last quarter. And I was curious what your expectation is for both the March quarter but also for 
the year as a whole. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So first of all, for the December quarter, we really 
shipped small quantities. It was the beginning of our 300-millimeter production. Shipments, obviously, will increase in 
the current quarter as some of these new products begin to ramp. But if you recall our strategy for 300-millimeter is 
really for new products only, so we're not transferring our old products to that process node. Since these are all new 
products, obviously you can't get an immediate jump in the level of production. It takes – the time it takes for those 
products to get designed in at our customers, for them to qualify their end products and so on and so on. 

So the revenue ramp will occur gradually as these customers bring more of their new products to market. And I want to 
repeat that this capability will make us more competitive in our markets and it's really there to enable us to sustain our 
target gross margin. So it's good that it's kind of phasing in slowly rather than being a quick jump for the company. 

In terms of how many wafers we'll produce, that's going to depend very heavily on the success of the end products that 
we're going into and it's very difficult for me to be able to actually predict that. But since it's a foundry strategy, there's 
no big overhead or high cost for us, for instance, in the beginning when the wafer demand is low. So that's the benefit 
of our strategy. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Thank you. And can I ask on the cost side, you mentioned that part of the strategy is to give 
you a cost advantage around some of those products. Can you help us quantify what you think that cost advantage is 
relative to some of the other – to some of the products that you're producing in your other technology? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean, if you design the same product in 200 
millimeters versus 300 millimeters, typically – clearly, the wafers do cost more to make but you have two times the 
number of wafers; a die on the – because of the wafer size. So we estimate anywhere from 20% to 40% type 


advantages in terms of cost per die. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And then that – that's the fab cost, and 
so then if you look at the total cost of the ship after assembly and tests, it's usually about half that. 

<Q - Kate Kotlarsky>: Okay, that's very helpful. And just my last question I wanted to ask you was on distributor 
resales and what those were in the quarter and what you think that would be in the March quarter. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. The resales were actually up 
about 1%. Both revenue for Maxim and resales were up about 1%, sort of consistent with our industrial market which 
we said was up in the quarter as well. So in general, inventory levels are sort of at their target levels; right now at about 
63 days, excluding the catalog guys. So I think we feel positive that the business, the distribution business is going 
along nicely. Again, it's going through the same – from a bookings point of view, going through the kind of the same 
lead time adjustment as well. And so we're much more dependent on sort of what we're seeing from a resale basis. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question, please. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, guys, congrats on the nice quarter. Just want to go into the handset side of things. Was your 
handset business up or down in the March, or excuse me, the December quarter? And roughly what percentage of sales 
did it represent? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so it was up. And it was just a 
little bit over 20%. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: And the share gains that you're talking about going forward in that business, is that more content 
rising per phone, more phones per customer, or actually adding customers as well? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, for revenues, if we're talking about revenues, it's a 
combination of all of the above is probably the right answer. We are definitely adding more customers. We've got 
design wins, but none of those have ramped yet. We've got examples like the LTE technology that I talked about where 
the content for LTE phone is actually higher for us. So that's helping out. 

And we believe that some customers are actually getting into some models that we hadn't had before. And I actually 
gave an example of that in my talk where we won some designs for some feature phones which were not really smart 
phones but lower end phones and those are very high volume. So it's a combination of all of the above. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: And then one quick clarification, the auto business you referred to a couple of times in the 
Industrial segment, what percentage of sales is auto for Maxim right now? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's still about mid single-digits, up 
significantly on a percent basis but, yeah, it continues to grow nicely for us. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Your question, please. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great, thank you. I wanted to follow up a little bit on the handset questions. Can you talk about, at 
least on the PMIC side, how many of the major handset guys you guys are in now and what opportunity you see? Are 
you talking to new ones? As part of that, can you comment if you're trying to get into the Chinese white box market 
there? Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think in terms of where we're winning designs 
you can say that we're winning – and we're at various levels of our success at each customer. And at some customers 


we've got a great relationship, getting very high percentage of the phones and at others we're in the beginning phases. 
But we pretty much have a relationship with all of the Tier 1 suppliers in this area. We really are focused most on smart 
phone type applications. 

So for the white box question you asked about China, most of those are not where our relationships are, frankly. And 
what's happening in this market is, is that the complexity that's required in what we're calling a PMIC, it's much more 
than a PMIC now. Actually we're starting to use the phrase power SoC, and those types of products we're – I think our 
biggest success so far in terms of revenue has been at this one large Korean customer. But as I said, we have now won 
designs at, I'd say, probably two – at least two or three other customers for these Tier 1 customers for these smart phone 
power SoC or PMIC applications. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great and... 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: There's more to go. There's a couple of Tier 1 customers 
where we do have building-block design wins but no PMICs yet. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Okay. And just quickly is there big ASP difference, the SoC for the smart phone versus feature 
phone? And just if I could squeeze one more in, is just can you talk about attach rates on the smart metering? If you get, 
say, a win with Teridian do you also pretty much always get the win on, like, the PLC or other COM block on that? Or 
is it you still have to fight for it every time? Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's – I mean that's a market where this combination sell 
has just begun six months ago or so. It really helps us in terms of getting the relationship, but it doesn't always mean 
that if we get one socket we also get the other one. There's – different manufacturers use different standards for 
communications which means that the really – the main tie we have is the introduction to the customer, being able to 
present our case and then see if we can convince the customer to use our standard. But it does not guarantee for our 
Communications IC to actually get used for sure with the energy measurement SoCs. So each one really has to be won 
independently, but it does vastly improve our chances or the possibility for us winning both. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from Gleacher. Your question, please. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Hi. Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Tunç, if you could comment on the high level of 
integrated products. You've crossed over a threshold, 30%. Do you have a target for that business by the end of the 
year? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we've not set targets for that. It's really difficult to 
be able to say exactly what percentage is going to be high integration versus not. I do know that it's going to keep 
growing because those are the types of products we're focusing on. So by default the revenue is going to keep growing. 
But we have not set that as a metric that we're working towards. We're just trying to make the best products for our 
customers and the revenues will come from either highly-integrated or building block. So, no, the answer is we don't 
have a target for the end of the year. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The other thing that's – Doug, this is 
Bruce. The other thing that's good about that as we're looking at that growth, it's not just in cell phones which you 
would expect, and of course that is growing, but we're seeing growth in utility meters, growth in financial terminals, so 
there's, as we've talked about, there's a number of industrial-type products as well which benefit from our integration 
strategy. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right, terrific. If I could also ask, do you – your lead times have come down a little bit but 
still 10 to 12 weeks. Is there a target where you think you can get them back down to what would you want to be 
calling sort of the new normal, and... 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, if we look at – I mean we said that they haven't 
gotten to historical levels yet. Historically what we had, when we were at balance in terms of supply, was somewhere 
in the high single-digits, is what we used to have. So we're still a few weeks away from those historical levels. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: But I think, Doug, we think we – and 
from a target point of view, want to get back to those levels. We don't think the new normal is going to balance out at 
something higher. We'd like to have that be able to be responsive to our customers. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie. Your question please. 

<Q>: Hi, this is [inaudible] for Shawn. Thanks for taking my questions. Could you guys give us a little more color on 
order linearity through the quarter? Was it pretty uniform or did you see any softness in any given month? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: As we indicated earlier, I think at this 
point in time bookings in total and bookings linearities are not the best proxy for demand or demand signals, simply 
because of the changes in lead times as those are adjusting. 

<Q>: Okay, that makes sense. Well, could you give us a little more color then on what you see inventory per end 
market? Are you seeing any particular build-ups on anything or – you said the Computing inventory is down, but can 
you give us some more color on other markets please? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think, we do go out and kind of 
look at our couple end markets, and cell phones we see the kind of the inventory level seems fine, relatively flat. We 
have seen both the TV and the notebook inventory levels declining. And then out in the channel we saw a slight uptick 
in days of inventory, but that was really just as they kind of completed their restocking effort and they're now at their 
targeted levels. So we don't expect to see further increases there. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: One word of caution though, when we do our inventory 
studies, our visibility only reaches to our customers' finished inventory. We don't – we can't really – we don't have any 
way of looking into what's in the retail channel. So for retail channel, we kind of rely on reports and try to see what 
those are telling us. 

<Q>: Right, makes sense. All right, thanks, guys. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hello? 

Operator 

Yes. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Caso. Please state your company name. We didn't get it in the 
recording. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Sure. Hi, it's Chris Caso from Susquehanna Financial Group. So I guess – a question with regard to 
turns, and I believe last quarter you expected turns of about 15%. I think that was a result of about 15% of your opening 
backlog wasn't shippable. Could you give an update where that turned out, and then what we should expect on that for 
this quarter? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Well, so it turned out pretty 
close because it came in at just about 3 million above the midpoint, so I think we were pretty close to that. This quarter 
we're expecting 15% turns based on the kind of the customer request date. Obviously, based on availability of supply 
will be a little bit higher turns, but still below our historical average. 


<Q - Chris Caso>: All right. And I guess just following on with that and understand the concept of the declining lead 
times on bookings. But I mean, it sounds like the lead times, at least on average, didn't move much in the quarter but 
yet the bookings did move down. Is that a function – I guess you're talking about 12 weeks; that's an average and 
you've got things moving around. If you could help to reconcile that for us? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. You're absolutely right though. I mean, that 12 
weeks is an average and there's some customers that are coming in with shorter lead times and others that are coming in 
with much longer than that. So it's really not a simple that I think that can give us the answer. That's what we found. So 

– but I think we're going to wait and see and watch every week to see which way the bookings are headed. But we do 
know that customers are desiring to get down from the current order rates down to what we historically had, which is in 
the seven to nine week area. 
<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The other thing that impact – the other 
item that impacts that is the extent that we went off and we scrubbed our backlog. And we usually warn more 
customers from a T&C point of view. We're allowed to do cancelations. That will show up as impacting bookings 
because we report net bookings. But at the same time, that wouldn't show up from a lead-time point of view. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: That was against – my follow-on question is, were there any substantial cancellations? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So they were certainly above 
average because of the effort we went through to clean up our backlog. And we want to make sure we're highly 
confident in the guidance that we give and that we truly understand the demand for our products. And so that's all 
reflected in our guidance. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Got it. Okay. That's fair. Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Piira from Caris & Company. Your question, please. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Thanks for taking my question. Could you talk a little bit about how we should think about OpEx 
through calendar '11? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think long term, if you kind of 
think year over year, OpEx should grow at a slower rate than revenue. Last quarter, OpEx only grew $2 million or 
about 1%. We've given guidance that says it's going to grow another kind of $2 million or so this quarter so we're 
managing that very closely. That said, we are continuing to invest in our key growth areas. So I think the way to model 
it is just to think that over a year, it will certainly grow slower than revenue in quarters where revenue is down a few 
points. You – we'll manage OpEx to only grow 1% to 2%. And then in quarters where we're having stronger growth, 
we'll get the leverage back. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Thank you. 

<A - Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations>: Jonathan, I think we'll take one more question, one 
more caller, and then... 

Operator 

Certainly. Our final question is a follow-up question from Tim Luke from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks so much, guys, for fitting me in. In citing the ongoing growth that you've seen in the 
automotive area, can you give us a sense of some of the key factors that have been underpinning that? And also just as 


you look at the full year, could you give us some sense of what sort of broad trends you're expecting for the COM area 
and where there may be lift there? And what you're most interested in about – and excited about with respect to the 
COM area, too? Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Well, let's – let me just talk about automotive 
first. First of all, it's a pretty broad base of different types of products that we're – we won designs in that are bringing 
us the revenue. And it's – I mean it ranges from power management products to supervisory parts to high brightness 
LED drivers to parking distance control circuits. 

So it's very broad based in terms of the types of products that we're winning at. And we've also – are having success, 
although they have not – those have not even been turned into revenue yet. But we're having success in the hybrid and 
all-electric vehicle battery, especially on the lithium battery side. We do products that do management protection and 
reporting of the battery status to the car micro controllers. 

So automotive wins, I think we're really in the beginning of this growth phase and it is fairly broad based and I think 
that we're – our growth is relying more on the fact that we are in the newer models and we're kind of new to the market. 
It's relying on that more than what it's relying on the health what the auto business is. So – and that's been the reason 
we've been doing well, even when there was a severe downturn a couple of years ago. 

In the Communications market, the area, I think overall we will – we expect to grow, but it will be – total will be kind 
of growth in the normal range of Communications markets. Our products of strength are mostly in the fiber area. And 
obviously we have some presence in base stations, although it's not a very large percentage of our revenue. So it's really 
not – we're not a good bellwether in terms of base stations and there's much better companies to get feedback from in 
terms of how that market is going to do. 

So I think the best market for us is going to be in the fiber area or optical communications area. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Okay. Just if I may just to close just on the – in the computing area, it was sort of down in the fourth 
quarter and in the December quarter and it's expected to be weaker again. When are we sort of through a potential sort 
of bottoming period there? What might be some of the dynamics be to see some stabilization there? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's – that's a market where we're going to have 
to look at it quarter by quarter. I think that we can see that it's going to happen this quarter but we don't really have that 
good of advisability of what's going to happen in the June quarter in that market, so I think I'm not going to be able to 
predict what's going to happen there. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I mean notebooks are still – they're less 
than 10% of our revenue at this point in time, so I don't think we have as good of insights as maybe some others do. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: All right. Thank you. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jonathan. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We would like to thank you for your continued 
participation and interest in Maxim. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


