Q3 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo 
• Tunç Doluca 
Other Participants 

• Parag Agarwal 
• Emily Scudder 
• James Schneider 
• Tore E. Svanberg 
• Terence Whalen 
• Brett Piira 
• J. Steven Smigie MBA 
• Craig Berger 
• Vernon P. Essi 
• Venkatesh R. Nathamuni 
• Sidney S. Ho CFA 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Release 
Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer 
session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this program is being recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Paresh Maniar. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paresh Maniar 

Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome, everyone, to our Fiscal Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me on 
the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca, and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making 
forward-looking statements on this call, and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind 
you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations of predictions of the future, 
including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory 
and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected and market consumption of our products, 
anticipated tax benefits, and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. 

If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate, or variations of these words and similar 
expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that 
the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. 


During the quarter, Maxim's corporate representatives may reiterate the business outlook during private meetings with 
investors, investment analysts, the media and others. Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated 
with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 26, 
2010. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirements, we've made time available for a question and answer 
period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly 
results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that 
participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. 

I will now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo 

Thanks, Paresh. I will review our third quarter financial results. Revenue for the third quarter was $607 million, down 
1% from the second quarter. The industrial market increased offset by a decline in communications. Our revenue mix 
by major market in Q3 was approximately 32% for consumer, 29% industrial, 20% communications, and 19% 
computing. 

The industrial market grew with utility meters, medical, automotive, and control and automation all up 
quarter-over-quarter. For the communications market, Q3 declined, as Q2 benefited from increased shipments where 
we billed delinquent base station orders. The consumer and computing markets were down slightly due to short-term 
softness in cell phones and a decline in notebooks offset by growth in financial terminals. 

Gross margin excluding special items was 62.7%, down slightly from 63.5% in the prior quarter, due primarily to a 
subcon billing catch-up. Special items in Q3 gross margin were intangible asset amortization. Operating expenses 
excluding special items were $204.6 million compared to $202.2 million in Q2. The increase was primarily due to 
reinstatement of our 401(k) matching plan. Special items in Q3 operating expenses were intangible amortization from 
acquisitions. 

Q3 GAAP operating income excluding special items was $176 million or 29% of revenue. The Q3 GAAP tax rate 
excluding special items was 30% compared to 28% in the prior quarter. The increase is due to a true-up between our 
prior fiscal year provision and actual tax return. GAAP earnings per share excluding special items was $0.40, down 
from Q2 due to slightly lower revenue and gross margin and higher tax rate. The $0.40 was slightly below the midpoint 
of our guidance due to the higher tax rate. 

Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, during the quarter, cash flow from operations was $257 million or 42% of 
revenue. The strong cash flow was attributed to a combination of our strong profitability and international tax structure. 
Inventory increased to 95 days, within our target of 90 to 100 days, to better serve our customers. Inventory in the 
channel excluding catalog distributors was 64 days, essentially flat with the prior quarter. 

Net capital expenditures totaled $30 million in Q3, a little less than projected. Free cash flow was $227 million or 37% 
of revenue. Share repurchases totaled $47 million in Q3 as we bought back 1.9 million shares. In Q3 we paid dividends 
to our shareholders of $62 million. As a result, total cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments increased by 
$121 million in the third quarter to $919 million. 

Moving onto guidance, our beginning Q4 backlog was $462 million, which is still above historical levels as a percent 
of projected revenue. Based on this strong beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q4 revenue of $610 
million to $640 million, or up 3% at the midpoint from Q3. For the June quarter, we expect strength in consumer, 
industrial and communications, and we expect computing to be down slightly. 

Q4 gross margin excluding special items is estimated at 61% to 64%, within our target range. Product mix, utilization 
and inventory reserves are some of the variables that will influence Q4 gross margin. Special items in Q4 gross margin 
are estimated at $8 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. 


Q4 operating expenses excluding special items are expected to be up about 2% sequentially. We will continue to 
manage OpEx to gross lower than revenue in Q4 and long term. Special items in Q4 operating expenses are estimated 
at $4 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. 

Our expected Q4 tax rate excluding special items is approximately 27% to 29%. For Q4 GAAP earnings per share 
excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.40 to $0.44. Capital expenditures in Q4 are expected to increase from 
Q3. Overall for FY '11, we continue to target 5% to 7% of revenue. Finally, our Board of Directors authorized a cash 
dividend of $0.21 per share, approximately a 3.3% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. 

I'll now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca 

Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call, and good afternoon. Before I summarize the highlights of the 
March quarter, I would like to express our deepest sympathies for the people of Japan, and our admiration of the 
dignity and order with which they have handled the natural disasters that occurred in March. These unfortunate events 
caused our foundry partner, Seiko Epson, to temporarily suspend operations. 

All the wafer fabrication processes that we run at Epson had already been qualified to run at our internal fabs or at our 
foundry partners in Taiwan. Consequently, the day after the earthquake, we initiated wafer starts at other fabs to back 
up wafers that may have been damaged due to power loss at the Epson plant. We appreciate the tremendous support 
Epson provided us in facilitating the transition. We expect the Epson fab to resume operations in early May. 

Within 48 hours of the earthquake, we had communicated with the top Maxim customers who could have been affected 
mostly by this event. Shortly thereafter, virtually all other customers were apprised of the status of their orders. I'm 
particularly proud of the foresight our manufacturing team had in putting in place the flexible manufacturing strategy. 
Our supply chain team spent countless hours identifying affected lots, and notifying customers quickly and proactively. 
Their dedication was admirable. 

Now on the more positive side, here are the highlights of the March quarter. One, we had a significantly enhanced 
presence at the Consumer Electronics Show in January. Our booth attracted a large number of customers and investors 
and our Skype TV technology exhibit received many positive comments. Two, in February at the Mobile World 
Congress, our touch-screen product demonstration received significant customer inquiries. And three, delivery lead 
times that we quote customers declined and are getting very close to historical levels. The breadth of the end markets 
that we serve enabled us to smooth out impact on our quarterly revenue since inventory corrections occurred at 
different periods for each sub market. 

Now looking at bookings, during the March quarter our book-to-bill ratio improved sequentially but remained below 
one, as we continued to catch up with our previous delinquencies. Last quarter we were finally able to build some 
inventory. This will enable us to better service our customers. Regarding earthquake-related material shortages, we 
currently have adequate inventory of a vast majority of critical raw materials, such as starting wafers and BT resin. 

Our manufacturing positioning, combined with our analysis of forecasts by customers enable us to project sequential 
revenue growth in the June quarter. A word of caution though: the full impact of the earthquake on our customers' 
ability to obtain all the necessary piece parts to build product is not fully understood. We have confidence in our supply 
chain, but do not have enough insight into our customers' supply chain constraints. 

Now turning to our major markets, first I will discuss consumer. We project growth in the consumer market, driven by 
the cell phone segment. Revenue from handsets should benefit from recent design wins and more favorable seasonality. 
We're excited about the initial design win progress on our newly announced touch-screen controllers. We now expect 
to start shipping production units of our 10-touch solution to one major smartphone customer in the second half of 
2011. Additionally, this product is currently passing evaluation testing at other customers. 


In handheld products, our high performance battery manager IC is winning more follow-on designs in smartphones and 
a new design in a tablet. This product provides three functions: authentication, protection against fault conditions, and 
fuel gauging of remaining capacity. It is the highest integration product available in the market. The Maxim PMIC that 
powers a single-core applications processor had previously won designs at a limited number of handset models at a 
major cell phone customer. It will now be used on multiple new phone models by the same customer, adding to our 
sales. 

A new PMIC product was selected to power a dual-core applications processor in a new line of high-end smartphones. 
Production shipments have recently begun. 

For e-readers, we won multiple designs with a universal charger detection chip with built-in over-voltage protection 
and USB switch. This device enables virtually any type of charging source to be used safely. 

Second, let me touch on industrial. We expect this major market to be up slightly. We see strength in automotive, utility 
meters and security markets being somewhat offset by the control and automation segment. Our automotive business is 
doing well. All automotive product lines, which include power management, interface and audio class D amplifiers, are 
gaining momentum and winning designs in infotainment and body control applications. 

Additionally, during the past quarter we won another battery monitor IC design at a key customer in Europe. These 
products monitor the health of lithium ion battery packs used in electric or hybrid vehicles. These fault-tolerant ICs are 
designed to measure battery voltage and temperature with great precision under extremely noisy conditions. 

We're also making progress in the medical ultrasound market. Our transmit/receive switches and highly linear 
multi-channel, high voltage switches are winning designs in this high growth market. For China's smart meter market, 
we are now shipping a real-time clock IC with built-in MEMS resonators. We are the only all silicon-based supplier for 
this demanding low power, high accuracy application. 

Third, we expect communications revenue to be up somewhat due to a rebound in base stations. After some market 
delays, we expect growth in 3G deployments in India. 

Fourth, in the computing market, we expect a small sequential decline. Longer term, we have key design wins in this 
space. These include devices that power the Intel Sandy Bridge CPU core for notebooks. We are on Intel's reference 
design and our part has the smallest footprint due to our 180-nanometer BCD process technology. 

In the server space, a Maxim device that accurately measures AC power consumption over a wide dynamic range has 
won designs in AC/DC power supply at multiple server manufacturers. This same device has also been designed in by a 
customer in their smart plug for home automation applications. Here our product measures the energy used at a wall 
outlet. It is encouraging to see that the prior two examples both came from Teridian technology that are in addition to 
the smart meter market. 

We continue to make progress in improving our customer standings. For example, at Rockwell Collins, we had a poor 
supplier rating four years ago. Our progress has resulted in us receiving the prestigious President's Award recently. 

So in closing, I'd like to stress our continued focus on our three-pronged strategy. These are: one, to relentlessly 
innovate and deliver highly differentiated products and services to our customers; two, to provide highly integrated 
solutions in multiple end markets; and three, to continue balanced R&D investment in our four major markets. We 
believe that our strategy will provide profitable growth for many years to come. 

I will now turn the call back to Paresh. 

Paresh Maniar 

That's the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one 
question with one follow-up. Jonathan, please begin polling for questions. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Uche Orji from UBS. Your question, 
please? 

<Q - Parag Agarwal>: Hi, this is Parag for Uche. Tunç, just wanted to get your thoughts on the deal between TI and 
National and the manner that would impact you? And also if you could comment on what TI says in terms of its sales 
force being a competitive advantage. So any color on that would be very helpful. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay, well first of all, in terms of our basic strategy, nothing changes for us. We remain focused 
on the three things that I mentioned before: innovating, integrating better than everybody else, and investing in a 
balanced way in our business. We've really competed with both companies for over 20 years now. And from our 
viewpoint, we will continue to compete with them and we don't really see a major impact on us. 

We believe we have a strong sales force, and we have great customer reach. So we don't see a big concern for us there. 
And in the end, the performance of our products is going to be what determines whether we are in designs and win 
designs or not. So we really are going to continue to focus as I said on making best-in-class products in terms of our 
competitiveness. 

I think the scale of the sales force, which was the other question you were referring to, obviously it has some 
importance, but we really believe, for us in particular, we have really good reach into our customers. And we believe 
that as long as we make great products, and we do, it's really not going to change much in terms of our performance. 

Now, if you look in the short term, large acquisitions like this are – actually carry some risk in terms of the integration 
and can be very distracting to the acquirer and last multiple years. So we might be able to actually benefit from this in 
the market in terms of getting design wins and also maybe even in talent additions. So I think we're gong to continue to 
just focus on what we did best in the past. 

<Q - Parag Agarwal>: Okay, that's very useful. Second question is about your comments on the handset market, you 
kind of indicated some weakness during March. So any color as to the geography or by say, whether you saw the 
weakness on the feature phone side versus the smartphone side, or if it was just limited to a few customers? Any color 
on that would be very helpful. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, so this is Bruce. I mean really what we saw was we had one of our large OEMs 
transition to a VMI hub process. And so, as you know, that just creates a little timing gap because when we're shipping 
directly to the OEM, we count the revenue when we ship to them; whereas as a VMI, we don't count the revenue till it's 
pulled from the hub. So that was really the only softness that we referred to from a cell phone point of view. And as 
Tunç indicated, we expect in our Q4 for cell phones to be up healthily again. 

<Q - Parag Agarwal>: Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Yep, sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital. Your question, please? 

<Q - Emily Scudder>: Hi, this is Emily calling in for Ambrish. Thank you for taking my call. First, can you talk about 
the trend of bookings in the quarter and any impact you saw to bookings from the events in Japan? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, so generally we don't talk as much about kind of the trends during the quarter. And 
also while the lead times and the delinquencies are adjusting, we haven't focused as much on the bookings as a proxy. 


Obviously, we focus very much on demand internally, and that's helped us and allowed us to continue to kind of 
accurately forecast our business. And our forecast of up 3% at the midpoint kind of shows where we think demand is. 

As far as the Japan earthquake, I wouldn't say we've seen any material impact. There's kind of the one-off where maybe 
we've gotten some orders where folks or maybe a competitor wasn't able to supply. But that hasn't been material. And 
we've probably seen a little bit of folks maybe extending out lead times a little bit. To be candid, we did the same thing 
on some of our suppliers, so I think that's pretty expected. But overall, I don't think we've seen a material impact to our 
bookings patterns. 

<Q - Emily Scudder>: All right, and then can you just talk about what the utilization rate was for the quarter and what 
the expectation is for that for this quarter? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, so with our kind of model, our fab-lite model, we keep our internal fabs very full. And 
so they're running at, in essence, full utilization right now. 

<Q - Emily Scudder>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. With respect to your lead times, I believe last 
quarter you mentioned they were around 12 weeks on average and there was some range around that. And you just 
mentioned that they're almost back to normal. Can you quantify what they are today, and how far they have to go 
before they return to normal? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay, so let me explain something about how we used to talk about lead times in the past. The 12 
weeks or so that you mentioned from our last call and our previous calls, those lead times we talked about were 
essentially what the customers were giving us in terms of order lead times. And we really call this the customer 
requested or customer order lead time. 

As we said previously, it's really difficult for us to predict customer behavior. So this quarter we decided to look at 
another metric, which is really what is our ability to give customers lead times when they ask for a given product at a 
given time? So our ability actually to deliver to customers right now is much shorter than what they're giving us as lead 
times. And this is why we're saying our ability to respond has now come to historical levels. And that level is 
somewhere in the eight to nine weeks level right now. That's where it was historically. 

But we're still getting from our customers lead times that are in the 12-week range. So this is why we kind of changed 
the way that we're reporting this number. So we're getting much more comfortable in terms of our ability to support our 
customers in their demands. And that's why we believe that we're really returning to what I would call normal historical 
patterns. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay, fair enough. Just a quick follow-up on that, I mean do you expect that there's going to 
be any change in the way that your customers place backlog on you? Are you requesting that they place shorter days 
backlog on you versus what they were doing previously? And then just to continue, on the touch control side, what are 
your goals in that market, and do you have any kind of target market share in the smartphone and tablet space for that? 
Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay, so getting back to your first question, we really don't have much control over how 
customers place orders on us. We clearly tell them what our delivery lead times can be, but customers' memories are 
long. So I think that they might be still concerned about shortages and so on. So I really can't predict when they're 
going to go and adjust their order lead times to us. All we can do is report to where they're at. And we're really making 
no concerted effort to try to make them order with shorter lead time. We just tell them what our lead time is and they 
can do whatever they think is appropriate for them. 


On your second question regarding touch-screen controllers, obviously we've just come out with a product in this 
market. If you were to draw an analogy here, we're coming late to the game. And if you draw an analogy to ice hockey, 
we just announced our starting lineup. So it's really difficult for us to be able to say what kind of numbers or market 
share numbers we're going to shoot for. 

So all I can say is that the acceptance by the few customers that we showed the product to have been very good. As I 
said, at least one of them has plans to ramp revenue at the second half of 2011. I think we need to get more into this 
before we're able to better see what kind of market share we can get. And by the way, even when we get that, it's not 
our practice to really talk about what our market share is in any given market. 

<Q - James Schneider>: That's helpful. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Tore E. Svanberg>: Yes, thank you. First question is in relation to industrial. It seems like that business is doing 
well, but you also talked about within industrial doing better in automotive, medical and so on. Is Maxim really starting 
to see some renewed secular growth here in industrial other than what may happen seasonally? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, those – first of all, what we're seeing and it depends on each of these sub markets that you 
talked about, and it's sometimes difficult for us to tell whether it's really a secular growth or just Maxim gaining share. 
That's very tough to say. I know that in automotive, our growth – a lot of our growth is really coming from the fact that 
we've won new designs. We've focused on that now in the past four or five years, and it takes a long time for those 
design wins to turn into revenue. And now we're seeing growth essentially from that. 

In the other markets, utility market for example, that's a market we entered new with Teridian acquisition. We do know 
that there is growth in those markets in unit sales, but there's also growth because the system-on-a-chip model that 
we're betting on is, we believe, what customers are preferring. So it's the reason for growth in that market. So maybe – 
control and automation is maybe the only one that can show whether this growth is secular or market share gains. In 
general, we've seen good growth in that segment for the last year. 

We did have some delinquencies and we caught up on those last quarter. So that's why we guided this quarter – maybe 
in that segment, there might be a slight correction because the customers have built the inventory now. But I think – I 
can say that most of our growth in industrial is because of things I know that are specific to Maxim. But I also see 
secular reasons why industrial is going to grow in the future. 

The reasons are that many factories I think are going to benefit tremendously from automation as labor costs go up, and 
this is especially true in some of the emerging industries. Therefore, in the long term, I'm actually quite bullish about 
the industrial market growing rapidly in an overall market, and specifically our growth, as I said, in those markets as 
well as in some of the ones that we've heavily invested in in the last four or five years. 

<Q - Tore E. Svanberg>: Very good. And my follow-up question, you mentioned you're shipping now a PMIC for a 
dual-core processor into a phone and I was just wondering how unique and special this program is? And as more and 
more phones obviously use more cores, could this mean a pretty significant opportunity for Maxim here, next 12 to 24 
months? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, we see it as a significant opportunity. Obviously if you turn to the technical side, it's – there 
are more challenges to do the power supplies as these cores become more and more powerful, current needs go up and 
so on. But from a customer side, for our end user side, end users like them because they can do things faster on these 
new handsets and do more – get more functionality out of them. 

We believe that the design wins we've got for this dual-core are going to be significant. But again, it's really hard for us 
to exactly tell whether the handset products that we're in, which ones are going to be successful in the market and 
which ones aren't. I've seen some of these models and they look pretty nice. 


<Q - Tore E. Svanberg>: Very helpful, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks and good afternoon. This first question relates to the touch product. I was wondering, 
can you describe a little bit about the interaction with your customer regarding the touch sensing product? Specifically, 
it sounds like you've already got some design wins shipping to volume in the second half of this year. I wanted to 
understand the degree to which you're also involved with that same customer with the integrated touch and SoC 
product, or where you are in phase with that product's developing with that customer? Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay, so you're really asking mostly about when are we going to see any products in the market 
power SoCs that have integrated touch controllers in them. From our viewpoint, we really need to establish that we do 
have a good architecture, a good product before we're really able to put the work into make a fully integrated part. So 
from my viewpoint and also from the viewpoint of the business units here at Maxim, it's a bit early for us to be able to 
give a roadmap or a timeline of when that integration can occur. 

So we need to get a bit more experience with our touch-screen technology architecture and how that interaction is 
going to work when you put it together with a large power SoC chip, for example. So it's really – the short of it is that 
it's too early to be able to tell that. We see that that would be an opportunity for us in the future, but it's not going to be 
in the very near future. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay, great. And then as my follow-up, if I look at the three-month ending backlog, you 
turned about $95 million in the March quarter, and the midpoint of your guidance for June reflects about $163 million 
turns, which is a pretty meaningful increase and back to levels only seen since the restocking in late '09. What gives 
you confidence – outside of simply just maybe near-term order rates or lead times, what gives you confidence that turns 
will increase over 65% in the June quarter? Is it specific design ins with some of your handset customers, or any other 
factors that customers are indicating to you? Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, Terence, this is Bruce. So kind of going into this quarter, we're at about 74% booked. 
And you're right, in the prior quarters, like last quarter, we were 84% booked. And I think the one before that we were 
almost like 100% booked. But if you look back historically, we've usually entered a quarter at probably around 60% 
booked, so our delinquency is still higher than we would like it. So from that point of view, I think we're very 
comfortable. I think the 74% is still a good 15% above where we normally are entering a quarter. So we think from that 
point of view, we're very comfortable with the guidance that we've given. 

And as you know, Terence, we forecast what we think we're going to hit, and we pretty much feel that our track record 
is pretty good at that. So we spend a lot of time on this to make sure we're showing a number that we can achieve. So I 
think from a demand point of view, the areas that we've talked about, the strength in cell phones and some of those 
other areas, industrial, comm coming back a little bit, all those things give us the confidence to kind of reach the 
revenue range that we provided. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay, that's helpful context. Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yep. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from Caris & Company. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Great, thanks, guys. This is Brett Piira for Craig. Could you give us your thoughts on foundry 
capacity maybe into the second half of 2011? Is there any worries there that you could be leaving more revenues on the 


table like in the last section? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: So when you say foundry capacity, you're talking about our strategic partners? 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Yeah. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Because that's the biggest portion. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Yeah. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, so in terms of our overall capacity, we think that if you now include Epson and if you 
also include our 300-millimeter capacity, we have equipment capacity that's now approaching about $800 million per 
quarter of revenue. And the Epson fab is going to be up and running, as we said, in about a couple of weeks, which is 
good news. And we don't – we really see that we have – from a forecasting standpoint, we have enough capacity for 
next year, both internal fabs and the combination of our internal fabs and our foundry partners. So we really feel 
comfortable about our capacity situation for next year. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Okay, that's very helpful. And then just quickly, could you give us a reminder on what normal 
seasonality is for September's quarter? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: So generally the September quarter is up. I can get you the exact number. But if we think of 
our two strongest quarters, usually it's June and September. I'll check but it's probably 3% to 5% or something. But let's 
make sure we're always real careful. That's an average, and the standard deviation around that is very significant. This 
is a business that's cyclical, so I would just provide that word of caution about using five-year averages. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Thank you. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie with Raymond James. 

<Q - J. Steven Smigie MBA>: Great, thank you. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about performance metrics on 
your touch controller, how you see yourself versus the major competition either in signal-to-noise ratio or other metrics 
that you think are particularly important? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Sure, I can give you some qualitative remarks, but I won't be able to quantify it I think in the way 
that you're asking. Qualitatively, what the customers have liked about our product has been the fact that it has very high 
sensitivity and excellent noise rejection. And this really gives us the ability to work in noisy environments like noisy 
environments and especially noisy environments generated by charges, for example. And it also gives us the ability to 
detect very faint signals like fingerprints through gloves, pens, stylus, all kinds of ways of doing a touch-screen that 
before it didn't work, now do work with our system. 

So I won't be able to give you these numbers that you're asking about, what's the signal-to-noise ratio and so on, but 
we've seen – I've seen sufficient demos and I've seen the response of customers when we showed them these demos to 
tell that there is a difference in the way our product works. The end result is that it makes it much easier to apply our 
product in a customer's system. It doesn't really require a large amount of customization of parameters and so on. So 
the ease of design in we believe is going to help us in terms of getting customers' attention. 

And also it's going to help with the manufacturability of the end phone because in many of these applications, we're 
finding that with our architecture, you actually can place the touch-screen controller further away from the actual 
touch-screen elements on the display. And that makes the whole manufacturing easier for the customer as well. So I 
gave you kind of a qualified, not quantitative data, but these all looked good to the customers that we showed the 
product to. 

<Q - J. Steven Smigie MBA>: Okay, thank you. I was hoping I could get a little bit of an update on some of the recent 
acquisitions. If you could talk a little bit about maybe how sizable Teridian was in the quarter? Opportunity for the 


Mobilygen products? What sort of applications you're – mostly TV you're just gaining design wins on right now? And 
just general size of overall acquisitions as a percent of revenue now, the recent ones you've done? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: I think that we really prefer not to comment about each acquisition because after a while the 
products – the technology also gets used in other product lines and so on. So they're – we are doing well. The 
Mobilygen products for example, we found an additional home for those parts in the Skype TV applications that we 
talked about. 

The Teridian products and revenue are also doing well. As I commented in the prepared statement, we really went after 
that acquisition as part of our smart grid and smart meter strategy, and now we're also finding applications and designs 
in other applications like AC to DC power measurement and so on. So in general, we've seen our acquisitions do well 
for us, but I'd rather not break down the revenue we're getting from these acquisitions. 

<Q - J. Steven Smigie MBA>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger from FBR Capital. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. I guess one question I have is we've heard out of some 
parts of the supply chain that there's actually been a pull forward of demand as a result of the Japanese tragedy. And I'm 
just wondering if you've seen any of that in the numbers yet? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: The – we have seen isolated cases of this and I'll give you some examples. We had some VMI 
customers that said they'd rather hold inventory in their factory rather than our VMI hub, so that's a pull, an early pull. 
And we've seen other cases where customers have not been able to get parts to build their boards with, and they've 
designed in several of our parts as replacements. But if you look at the amount, it's really not material. I mean these are 
mentioned a lot in the hallways at Maxim but when I ask about the numbers, it turns out that they're not really large 
numbers. So we're really not seeing some significant amount of this happening right now. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Okay, thanks for that detail. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Sure. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: And then I guess the follow-up question is you guys built a little bit of inventory in the March 
quarter. What's your plan for June, and sort of what's the impact on gross margins? I think you said you're about fully 
utilized so there should be limited impact on gross margin. Is that the right way to think about that? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, I mean we've given our target range of 90% to 100%. We're sort of right in the middle 
of that right now. So I think we'll stay right in that range. Clearly our goal is to be able to provide these – and we talked 
about and Tunç talked about this lead time in the eight to nine weeks, we'd actually like to be able to shorten that down 
a little bit to be able to provide that world class service to our customers. So we do expect the inventory to stay kind of 
in the range it's at right now. It was actually helpful to have been able to build up that inventory, given the short-term 
impact to Epson. So that allowed us to respond and deliver to our customers. 

From a gross margin point of view, that won't have any impact. As you said, we're already – our fabs are fully utilized 
so any movements in inventory don't affect that. And overall, I mean it's going to be the normal things that will affect 
our gross margin in the fourth quarter around mix, sometimes inventory reserves. But our number doesn't move around 
that much, so I think we have it pretty well dialed in. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Last question, sort of separate from the previous TI/National question, but do you see having 
increased scale as being more attractive to you? Any interest in consolidating or rolling up smaller sub-scale 
competitors? 


<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, I think I'm going to leave it up to the analysts, to you guys to speculate on whether there are 
any other potential combinations that makes sense. It's not appropriate for me to comment on it, frankly. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie. Oh, and he seems to have 
disconnected himself, probably trying to take himself off of mute. Our next question comes from Vernon Essi and if 
you could state your company name? It wasn't on the recording. 

<Q - Vernon P. Essi>: Thank you. I'm with Needham & Company. Wondered if you could dive into the automotive 
strength comment. We've heard some mixed responses out of that market, and just wondering if this is maybe you're 
shipping to a different supply chain point with the customer base? And sort of how you see that faring out post the 
Japan situation? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay, so the comment you had about hearing different things about automotive, it's probably 
related to factories not being fully operational in Japan right now. Most of our automotive business actually is – comes 
from Europe, from European manufacturers. So that might be one of the reasons that we're really not seeing the impact 
of the Japanese earthquake. So I think that in that respect we might be different from some of the other analog suppliers 
into that market. I really don't know any other reason other than that why we'd have a different expectation for the 
quarter. 

<Q - Vernon P. Essi>: Okay, that's fair. And then, Bruce, I appreciate the disclaimer on not looking at past seasonal 
numbers, but if you look at just typically how the June quarter progresses relative to March, it does, just eyeballing it, 
look to be a little bit lighter than normal. And that could be a lot of different factors there, of course Japan, maybe just 
the law of large numbers. But there is any specific thing you would cite sort of from a macro perspective as to what 
might be the cause for perhaps a little less growth in this quarter than normal? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: No, I don't think there's anything specific. Obviously we are seeing the strength in our cell 
phone business, our consumer business. One thing that may come into play is our computing business has purposefully 

– is a smaller part of our business. And I think historically, I think a lot of that strength that we saw in the June quarter 
was kind of the computing and the notebook market always showed strength getting ahead of the back-to-school end 
market sales. So I think that may be one reason why those historical trends don't hold up quite as much. 
Because in general when we look across our businesses, cell phones, industrial, communications, I think everything 
kind of feels good. Obviously I think we are – and I think Tunç made a comment about this, we are aware and sensitive 
to what's going on from a supply chain point of view with the aftermath of the Japan earthquake. And while we're 
comfortable at this point in time that we can deliver, we can meet our supply chain, we're not sure if there's other 
components that go in that end product that may be impacted. We have no visibility to that, and so certainly that's in the 
back of our mind. 

<Q - Vernon P. Essi>: Right, okay, thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yep. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Venk Nathamuni, and if you could state your company name as well, as we 
didn't have your company name? 

<Q - Venkatesh R. Nathamuni>: Yes, from JPMorgan. Hi, thanks for taking my questions. The first one is, Tunç, I 
think in the Analyst Day presentation you talked about your cell phone business being roughly 20% of total sales. 
Given the strength in cell phones over the last several quarters, is that still the case or have you increased your revenue 


contribution from that end market? And then as a follow-up, what is your revenue contribution expectation from tablets 
for the rest of this year? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: So to your first question, our cell phone revenue contribution is still around 20%. So that really 
has not changed. And I think that, especially in Q3 and Q4, it's got a little bit stronger growth, so maybe it will change 
but it's going to change by rounding errors I think. So it's not going to materially change from 20%. 

In terms of tablets, one thing that I had mentioned before was that we've really won a vast majority of tablet designs out 
there. But it's turning out to be very difficult for us to be able to tell how well we're going to do because we can't 
predict which ones are going to be successful and which ones are not going be successful. 

And our design dollar content in each one of these designs is different. It can vary anywhere from sub-dollar to $4 or 
so. So it is really difficult for us to be able to tell what our market share's going to be or our revenues going to be in that 
space. And I think that's true for probably many suppliers of components into tablets. 

<Q - Venkatesh R. Nathamuni>: Okay, that's fair. And then as a follow-up, I think you have about $150 million left 
in your original authorization for the buyback. First of all, is that true? And if so, what are the plans to expand it 
further? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, no, you're exactly right. We have about $150 million left. You've seen we're spending 
about – we spent $47 million last – $46 million, $47 million last quarter. And certainly at the appropriate time we'll 
have that discussion with our board. I think it would be premature to announce anything before we have board 
authorization for that. But certainly we've talked about use of cash and acquisitions, dividends and buyback. And long 
term, I don't see a change in that priorities. 

<Q - Venkatesh R. Nathamuni>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question – from our next questioner, we only got part of the name on the recording is Romit Shah. If you 
could give us the rest of your name and your company name, please? 

<Q - Sidney S. Ho CFA>: It's Romit Shah from Nomura Securities. It's actually Sidney Ho calling for Romit. 
Following with the previous question, with the product mix moving away from computing and moving towards your 
integrated products, which I assume implies handsets should be growing as a percentage of total revenue, how should 
we think about that effect of seasonality of the business? Does that mean your fastest growing quarter will now instead 
of Q2 will move into Q3 – or calendar Q3? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, so this is – I think that's hard to predict, right, because you always have both kind of 
the end market seasonality and then just what's going on in the industry cycle. And so it's always sometimes difficult to 
separate those two things. So – and then along with communications, which isn't necessarily – we haven't found a 
seasonal pattern to communications. It's more based on what the tenders and the roll-outs in various countries are. So I 
think from that point of view, it's probably a little early to make a conclusion as to the impact on our seasonality. 

<Q - Sidney S. Ho CFA>: Great, and then a follow-up to that is in terms of gross margin, you've been operating above 
the midpoint of your target – I guess long-term target range of 61% to 64% for a number of quarters. So I guess under 
what scenario do you think margins would get to the bottom of that range? Is it product mix away from industrial 
communications, fab utilization, or is the use of foundry impacting – being a bigger piece of your manufacturing will 
change that? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: Yeah, I mean certainly we think we've done a better job at moving to a more variable model 
that allows us – even where you saw this kind of recent last couple of quarters where we were down 1% to 2% really 
didn't impact gross margin at all. If we have another 2008 and revenue drops 20% in a quarter, that may be an 
opportunity there. 


But in general, we feel very comfortable with our range. We think it's kind of the sweet spot for us that allows us to 
maintain that very strong profitability while growing the top line faster than our peers. So I think except for the extreme 
example that will impact the entire economy, we're comfortable with our range. 

<Q - Sidney S. Ho CFA>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from Terence Whalen. Your question, please? 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hey, thanks for fitting me in. A quick one on the television market, I may have missed it, but 
can you just give us an update maybe on the percentage of sales or rough percentage of sales, what dynamics you see 
going on, both from sort of a near-term inventory stocking perspective and also maybe from an architectural 
perspective in the opportunity? Thanks. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: So this – I'll comment on the percent of sales and will let Tunç give the market color. So it's a 
little bit less than 10%, right? I think it peaked probably at around 10% – 10%, 11%, and it's now just – it's in high 
single digits right now. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: So in terms of our opportunities in the television market, the big trend that we have invested in 
and we think is important for us is really the connected TV. We see big opportunities for us because of our video [ph] 
conferencing (54:56) technology and doing family video conferencing in the living room. And that's an area that we've 
invested in. 

The revenues from that are really not – are not significant yet. Some of these products have begun to show actually as 
add-on products, like an accessory you can buy to install on your existing TV. But the real revenue driver for us is 
probably going be when the actual video conferencing section or the camera is built in to the bezel of the television, 
and that doesn't start until 2012. 

In terms of the traditional products that we build like power management ICs and gamma buffers that we've talked 
before, those obviously are getting more and more competitive. And we had huge market shares in the past and 
therefore, those products are under pressure. And some of the percentage of revenue reductions that have occurred have 
been because those areas have been become more competitive. There are some opportunities there still for integration, 
but our real long-term revenue drivers for Maxim is going to be in connected TVs and even higher integration products 
for doing analog and digital video processing in televisions. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Very helpful, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] 

<A - Paresh Maniar>: Jonathan, we'll take one more question if there's any in the line and otherwise, we'll end the call 
here. 

Operator 

Okay, and I am not actually showing any further questions in the queue at this time. 

Paresh Maniar 


Great, sounds like everyone's satisfied with our performance. I would like to thank all of you for participating in our 
call and look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


