Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Uche Orji 
• Evan Wang 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Shawn Webster 
• Doug Freedman 
• John Pitzer 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• James Schneider 
• Craig Ellis 
• Steve Smigie 
• Venkatesh Nathamuni 
• Vernon Essi 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products First Quarter 2011 Earnings Release 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer 
and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this program is being recorded. I would 
now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Paresh Maniar. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jonathan, and welcome everyone to our fiscal first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. With me on the 
call today are Chief Executive Officer Tunç Doluca and Chief Financial Officer Bruce Kiddoo. There are some 
administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making forward-looking 
statements on this call, and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind you that 
statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, including but 
not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory and spending 
levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end-market consumption of our products, anticipated tax 
benefits and any other future financial results or forward-looking statements. 

If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate, or variations of these words and similar 
expressions relating to the future, they're intended to identify forward-looking statements. It's important to note that the 
company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. During the 
quarter, Maxim's corporate representatives may reiterate the business outlook during private meetings with investors, 
investment analysts, the media and others. 


Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the 
company's SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 26, 2010. Copies can be obtained from the company or the 
SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirement, we have made time available for a question-and-answer 
period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly 
results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that 
participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. 

I'll now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. I will review our first quarter financial results. Revenue for the first quarter was a record 626 million, 
an increase of 11% from the fourth quarter. All four markets grew, with communications, industrial and consumer 
markets growing more than 10% sequentially. Our revenue mix by major market in Q1 was approximately 33% for 
consumer, 27% industrial, 20% communications, and 20% computing. The consumer market had robust growth due to 
smartphones. The industrial market once again had broad based revenue growth. Control and automation continued to 
grow strongly. Our smart meter business grew due to our Teridian acquisition. Automotive was up nicely as well. The 
communications market revenue increased the most, with growth in all segments. Sales in the fiberoptic modules 
remained strong in the quarter. And finally, the computing market revenue grew slightly, with data storage and server 
segments offsetting weakness in the notebook segment. 

Gross margin, excluding special items, was 63.4%, up 160 basis points compared to 61.8% in the prior quarter. The 
increase was primarily due to favorable manufacturing variances as we shift to higher revenue. Special items in Q1 
gross margin were intangible asset amortization from Teridian, Phyworks and prior acquisitions. Additionally, during 
Q1 there was an expense for the amortization of the Teridian and Phyworks inventory write-up to fair value. Operating 
expenses excluding special items were 200 million, compared to 191 million in Q4. The increase was primarily due to 
one month of our annual merit increase, modest head count additions, a full quarter of Teridian expenses and robust 
product development activity. Overall, operating expenses increased 5% compared to 11% revenue growth. Special 
items in Q1 operating expenses were primarily related to intangible amortization from acquisitions. 

Q1 GAAP operating income, excluding special items, was 197 million, or 31.5% of revenue. Operating margin 
increased for the sixth consecutive quarter. The Q1 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 33.3%, which was 
lower than last fiscal year as we're beginning to see the benefits of the implementation of our new international 
structure. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.43, up 30% from Q4 due to higher revenue and 
gross margin. 

Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, cash flow from operations was 158 million. This included 173 million 
payment for settlement of stock option litigation, partially offset by the improvement in days sales outstanding from 55 
to 48 days and a tax refund. Additionally, as in prior years, the company did not make any federal income tax payments 
during its first fiscal quarter. Inventory declined slightly and days of inventory decreased from 87 to 81 days. Days of 
inventory in the channel are in the mid 60s due to higher stocking levels at DigiKey, who we use to provide samples to 
our smaller customers. Excluding DigiKey, channel inventory is 58 days. Capital expenditures totaled 38 million in Q1. 

During the quarter we acquired Phyworks for 72.5 million, with the acquisition closing in the first quarter. Share 
repurchases totaled 84.5 million in Q1, as we bought back 4.9 million shares. And in Q1, we paid dividends to our 
shareholders of 62.5 million. As a result, total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments decreased by 108 
million in the first quarter to 718 million. 

Moving on to guidance, during Q1, bookings declined as lead time stabilized. Our beginning Q2 backlog is 601 
million, down 2% from the prior quarter. Based on our beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q2 revenue 
of 595 million to 625 million, or flat to down 5% from Q1. We expect most markets to be flat to up or down slightly 


with, LCD TV down significantly. Q2 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated t 61% to 64%, within our 
target range. Product mix, utilization and inventory reserves are some of the variables that will influence Q2 gross 
margin. Special items in Q2 gross margin are estimated at 10 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets 
and Phyworks inventory write-up. Q2 operating expenses excluding special items are expected to be flat to up slightly, 
primarily due to a full quarter of our annual salary increase and Phyworks expenses. Long-term, we will continue to 
manage OpEx to grow slower than revenue. Special items in Q2 operating expenses are estimated at four million, 
primarily for amortization of intangible assets. 

Our expected tax rate for Q2 is approximately 29%, down from 33% in Q1. In fiscal 2011, we begin to benefit from our 
international restructuring. For Q2 GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, we expect a range of $0.39 to 
$0.44. Capital expenditures in Q2 are expected to increase slightly from Q1. Overall for FY '11, we continue to target 5 
to 7% of revenue. On October 28th, our Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend for the first quarter of 2011 of 
$0.21 per share, approximately a 4.3% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. I will now hand the call over to Tunç to 
discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. Let me first summarize the highlights of the 
September quarter. One, we achieved record revenues for the second quarter in a row. Two, Q1 marked our sixth 
consecutive quarter of improving operating results, as revenue, operating margin and earnings per share increased. 
Three, we exceeded our goal of 30% operating margin. And four, we completed the qualification of our second external 
200 millimeter wafer foundry partner, Maxchip. Looking at bookings and lead times, lead time extension over the first 
half of 2010 meant that we had received approximately two extra weeks worth of orders in the March quarter and three 
extra weeks worth of orders in the June quarter. Lead times stabilized in the September quarter, as we executed our 
manufacturing plans to increase capacity and reduce lead times. 

Consequently, bookings began to adjust for prior quarter long lead time orders and our book-to-bill ratio during the 
September quarter was slightly below one. We expect bookings in the December quarter to trail revenue, as order lead 
times continue to normalize and our accumulated backlog is worked down. 

I will next provide color regarding a few representative segments in each of our four major markets. First, consumer. 
Bookings in cell phones grew in the September quarter, as many new smartphone models that Maxim has been 
designing gained traction. One key driver has been the success of the Samsung Galaxy S family of smartphones. These 
phones are being sold by all four major carriers in the U.S., and projections are for the platform to be available in 110 
countries by the end of this year. The bookings increase in cell phones was offset by a softening in orders from the 
LCD TV segment due to excess inventory of components and LCD panels. 

Our cell phone design win and revenue momentum continued at existing customers as well as at new customers we 
developed relationships with last year. Let me provide just a couple of examples of new customers. First, we're starting 
to convert last year's audio design wins into revenue at a major European cell phone manufacturer. And then second, a 
new customer in Asia awarded us a PMIC development project. At existing customers, we want new designs in an 
upcoming series of high-end feature phones at a large cell phone manufacturer in Korea. Our strategy to deliver value 
to our customers by integration continues to bear fruit. The custom IC was customized customize into a next generation 
phone at a major Korean manufacturer. This IC multiplexes audio, USB and UART signals into a single micro-USB 
port, detects the type of peripheral attached to the cell phone and automatically routes the correct signal to the 
peripheral. Production ramp will start next month. 

E-readers is another consumer segment that continues to be interesting. Consumers desire longer battery life, better 
display quality and faster page turns. This is placing greater demands on analog and mixed signal requirements. Maxim 
has won several sockets in the most popular models. In August, we completed an asset acquisition from Trinity 
Convergence, a software company that developed high-quality audio processing capability for Skype applications. The 
combination of our video technology and this audio IP helped us win designs at 75% of the top TV manufacturers. Our 


technology will enable connected TVs to deliver videoconferencing to the living room. 

Next, let me take computing. Tablet PCs is a very exciting market for Maxim since most tablets use an architecture that 
is very similar to smartphones, an area we have enjoyed great success. The tablet PC models slated to launch within the 
next 12 months were designed into 45 plus models from over 25 different manufacturers. This includes 28 models from 
the top 13. In tablets, major product areas where we have won designs or are being considered for design in are PMICs, 
power, audio, supervisory, battery fuel gauge, battery charger, amplifier, analog switch and port protection. 
Additionally, Maxim's high integration PMIC and audio chipset for Intel Oak Trail processor reference design is 
expected to go into production in calendar 2011. In the notebook segment, we continue to develop products where we 
see opportunity to differentiate. One such application is the USB charger ID switch, which is one designed at several 
major notebook OEMs. This product allows the phone or media player to be charged from a PC USB port even when 
the notebook is shut down. In Q1, we began shipping newly released energy management chips from our Teridian 
acquisition into power supplies. These energy measurement ICs provide tighter power measurement accuracy, as 
required by increasingly more stringent ENERGY STAR specifications for data centers. We have won significant 
designs in all three of the top power supply makers in the segment. 

Third, communications. The communications infrastructure market remains strong, driven by ongoing deployment 
activity. Our strength in this market comes largely from optical transreceivers. Maxim's positioning in optical 
transreceivers was significantly enhanced by our recent acquisition of Phyworks. The acquisition is synergistic to 
Maxim optical transreceiver product line and opens up new high-speed product opportunities for us. Let me point out 
our rationale. Firstly, the combination of the two companies will provide a broad and powerful set of solutions for 
customers. Second, Phyworks' products to fiber-to-the-home applications complement Maxim's datacom and telecom 
portfolio. Third, Maxim and Phyworks combined will have market share leadership in transceiver chips for optical 
modules. And fourth, Phyworks knowhow opens up additional high-speed signal integrity product opportunities for 
Maxim. The high-speed market presents a large growth opportunity because the served market for optical 
transreceivers and high-speed signal integrity products is estimated to grow to $340 million by 2014. The huge demand 
for data-rich applications such as high-definition video distribution and cloud computing is driving this growth. The 
acquisition is immediately accretive. Going forward, Maxim's brand name will strengthen the customer traction that 
Phyworks has already achieved. 

Finally, let me cover industrial. We continue to make good progress in the automotive segment, our largest opportunity 
for growth in industrial. Let me give you several examples. We scored our first ever design wins at a Japanese tier one 
supplier. In this infotainment system, Maxim has successfully diversified in four products. 

Additionally, we're now listed in the bill of materials for two more projects that will close this quarter. These are for the 
panel display and reader seat entertainment audio/video distribution project. Also in automotive, General Motors 
contracted with LG to develop the OnStar telematics module. This system had to operate standalone with connections 
severed to the main car battery after a collision. To do so, it will rely on Maxim's lithium ion battery backup power and 
power management DC to DC converters. Maxim's Class-D 45-watt per channel, four-channel audio IC has been 
designed in a high-end audio system at a European car manufacturer's tier one supplier. It is also the front running 
solution at two major Japanese manufacturers for high efficiency, high fidelity applications. We are winning the 
designs due to better sound quality as well as power efficiency. This product is able to operate over a broader and lower 
battery voltage range, making it the best choice for hybrid and all electric vehicles as well as high-end audio 
applications in conventional cars. 

For electric vehicles, our lithium ion battery management ICs have past the road test trials at a large European 
automobile maker, confirming a design win for these products. These trials involve testing with a fleet of all-electric 
vehicles. Our products were chosen because they reduce the complexity and component count for managing large 
stacks of lithium ion batteries. 

Let me now turn to manufacturing. Our team did a fantastic job in increasing revenue by double digits for the second 
consecutive quarter. Please note that we achieved this revenue growth with no contribution from our new strategic 
foundries. With the qualification of 200-millimeter strategic foundry capacity at Maxchip we're able to start wafer 


across all fabs to meet customer demand in all markets. We plan to build small amount of buffer inventory in the March 
quarter to enable us to respond to customer mix volatility. In the long-term, we're better prepared to react to market 
changes since more of our wafer production capacity is flexible. 

On the 300 millimeter front, we completed the qualification of our proprietary .18 micron BCD process at Powerchip 
and are now in production. We have begun to ship small quantities already. 

In conclusion, we're comfortable that barring a macro event, the inventory correction that began in the notebook 
computer market and then impacted the LCD TV market will soon play itself out. We're focused on the operational 
improvements and company specific strategies that we believe are key for future growth. We firmly believe that Maxim 
will emerge from this period of uncertainty a stronger company with demonstrated market share gains. These gains are 
being driven by Maxim's continual targeting of secular growth opportunities, such as ever increasing need for data and 
storage. This thirst for content is fueling growth ranging across smartphones, tablet PCs, communications 
infrastructure, and infotainment in automobiles, among others. Our innovative core products combined with our proven 
leadership in offering highly integrated solutions position us well in this environment where differentiation is being 
rewarded by customers. I will now turn the call back to Paresh. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

That is the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourselves to one 
question with one follow-up. Jonathan, please begin polling for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Uche Orji of UBS. Your question, please. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. First of all, congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Let me just pick up on 
something you said, Tunç, in your remarks. When you talk about the inventory correction with computing and 
televisions playing itself out, what do you really mean by that. I mean, a cynic will say that it's going to move on now 
to industrial and automotives and the rest of the sector, you know, and consequently the outlook isn't really that great. 
Are you saying that it's played out and therefore from here we should start to look for a bottom? Let me just be sure I 
understand what you're saying. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: OK, well, so let me just try to expand on what I said. So 
from my viewpoint what we've seen, as I said, is we have seen those two inventory corrections in those markets. 
However, when we look at our other markets, we do see that the underlying consumption seems to be holding up well. 
And we did a study on how our backlog looked, for example, in terms of its cleanliness and so on. And we proactively 
looked to see what part of it might be not so certain or at least not required immediately. And when we looked at that, 
we saw that the underlying demand was actually pretty good for our products. And when we gave our guidance for this 
quarter, we actually have already included the effects of what we thought might have been excess ordering on Maxim. 
So that's why we say that it's playing itself out, but we're not really predicting a major correction like we saw in 
notebooks and displays, for example. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Great. Thank you very much. Let me just follow up and talk about your 300-millimeter products. 
You started to supply small quantities. What are the yields for those products looking like compared to your 200 
millimeters and in terms of what benefit that will bring to you from either a cost perspective or from just general 
competitive strength, can you just describe how this is going? Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure. Let me give you a little bit of background. 
First of all, our 300-millimeter strategy is really to be able to give us the cost structure to be able to compete and to 


maintain our gross margins, especially in the consumer market. And our strategy has been to actually put, not our older 
generation technologies, but to put our newest generation process technology in 300-millimeter, and that's exactly what 
we've done. Currently the products that have started shipping are the first pilot products, so they're more of the smaller 
die size. And the yields have been very good and the yields actually have been as good as we've seen in our 
200-millimeter fabs. And the shipments are currently small because, as I said, these are mostly our newest products that 
we're putting into this fab. So it's going to grow in the next year or two. But we're really happy to be able to see that we 
were able to produce real high-quality analog products in a 300-millimeter fab. And we're glad we've been able to do 
that because it truly will make us very competitive, especially in this high integration products going forward. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tore Svanberg from Stifel Nicolaus. Your question, please. 

<Q - Evan Wang>: Yes, hi. This is Evan calling in for Tore. I'd like to focus a little on the bookings trend right now. 
So you mentioned that the book-to-bill is a little -- dipping below one. How do you see that, how long do you think the 
adjustment would be before the book-to-build could return to one or above and for supply and demand to sort of 
balance out? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Bruce, why don't you take that one. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: As we indicated, the book-to-bill is just 
slightly below one in the first quarter and then as lead times continue to stabilize, we expect bookings to be, you know, 
lower than revenue in the second quarter. But just to kind of put some context around that, our fab queues, which were 
really what was pushing out our lead times, they were at about four to five weeks and they've now mostly all declined 
back down to one to two weeks as these new external foundries are fully qualified. 

And so as a result of that our lead times are improving and then as you would expect the order lead times, you know, 
that our customers are giving us are going to follow suit with those new cycle times and come down. So our sense is 
that should probably play itself out this quarter and we should be back in balance from a supply-demand point of view 
by the end of this quarter or into Q3, and at that point in time we'll see kind of bookings return to normal levels. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, just to add to that, remember that in the first half 
of calendar year 2010, we booked five extra weeks of demand. So, you know, it's very normal for our bookings to 
actually go below our shipment levels for a while. And as Bruce said, I agree that it's probably going to take in the 
March quarter sometime when the lead times get to a level where customers are comfortable. And at that point, things 
will normalize. 

<Q - Evan Wang>: OK. And a quick question about your gross margin. With your 300-millimeter starting to ramp and 
with your focus on that being to be competitive in the consumer market, can we actually expect the gross margin, then, 
to benefit from that going forward? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think as Tunç indicated, the 
300-millimeter, the products that are ramping and going to ship out of there, it's our new process technology. It's our 
.18 process technology, so the volumes are initially going to be small. So I don't think you're going to see a meaningful 
benefit probably for the first year until those volumes get higher. And as what we said is as Tunç said and we've said 
before, we think of 300-millimeter as a way to compete in these very high-volume consumer markets and maintain our 
gross margin target in the low 60s. So for us, it's more of a -- it enables the high revenue growth while maintaining the 
stable gross margins. 

<Q - Evan Wang>: Great. Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you our next question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi. Your question, please. 

<Q>: Hi, thanks for taking my question, this is Deane calling for Terence. First, congratulations on strong quarter. I 
have a question regarding the LCD display market. You mentioned this quarter or until this December, it would be 
down. And what do you think about the LCD market in this first quarter? And if you can give us some example how 
you leverage your success in the cell phone market, try to win more designs in the LCD display market, that would be 
great. Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: OK, so a two-part question. On the first one what we 
saw is, during the summer, the middle of summer, we began to see a demand reduction. And when we dug into it, we 
actually found out that there was a large inventory both of panels, not yet assembled into TVs, as well as components at 
most of our customers. And that was a pretty significant amount of inventory. So we think that it's going to take really 
this quarter and possibly even part of next quarter to be able to clear up all that inventory. So that's kind of the extent or 
timing that we're going to see. 

And your second question, it was really what do you do for LCD TVs, what integration strategies can we apply. And 
there it's a little bit different than the smartphone market. Our success really was driven by being able to get to market 
fast. We provided functionality like easier programmability, better accuracy on our gamma buffers, et cetera, as well as 
doing pretty highly integrated power management functions already. So whether there's further integration possibilities 
in this or not, we're going to see how that plays out. It's definitely an area we're working on. But having said all this, 
and clearly our point I wanted to make, Micron Technology will help us as well. 

But having said this, I have to admit that our market share is pretty high in this market and it probably will moderate in 
the future. But, but we most recently, we've got more products that now we are providing to that market. I talked about 
the connected TV market where we've got a combination of products from our Mobilygen acquisition and our audio 
software acquisition, where we actually see a lot better value add proposition by Maxim in terms of providing highly 
integrated products. So we see opportunities in both areas. And I think it's going to be -- the TV market, the connected 
TV market is going to be a great growth opportunity for the company. 

<Q>: That's very helpful. A quick follow-up question regarding the capacity. You mentioned now the record quarter is 
based on the existing capacity. Can you please update us when you think the capacity will reach 750 meaningful 
quarter run rate and what would be the target by end of next year? Thanks. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, we said last quarter -- and it's 
basically the same -- that we expect to hit the 750 million kind of quarterly run rate sometime during calendar year '11. 
The exact timing of which is really dependent on product mix and depending on -- you know, we have certain products 
as we indicated , say like in the 300 million fab, which are the .18 process technology. So depending on how we utilize 
the available capacity we have at our foundries based on product mix will really determine that timing. And so but 
we're very comfortable that when needed, that capacity will be available for us. And as we indicated as well, we're 
perfectly fine from a capacity point of view for, you know, the second quarter and early calendar year '11. 

<Q>: All right. Thanks for that. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria from RBS (sic) [RBC] Capital. Your 
question, please. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you, guys. Question on the communication revenues. I mean, with respect to my 
model, looks like you had a pretty strong upside in that particular segment and you talked about the optical module. 
Can you give some more color as to what drove that upside and is this something came during the quarter in the turns 
order or any other color will be helpful on that? 


<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, Mahesh, this is Bruce. So it was 
still in the same general area, the fiberoptic modules. You know, selling into Asia and the U.S. You know, we had been 
doing really well there and that was actually one area that had been impacted by the supply constraint. And so as 
additional capacity came on this quarter, I would say that market probably benefited from that additional capacity and I 
think that's what gave it a little bit of that upside. 

And as you know, the range we've always given in our guidance for the last few quarters was really driven by the 
capacity available. And so that one came in nicely. So I would say it's in the fiberoptic market. And the reason, we've 
had the strong design wins, we've had the demand out there and we finally got the kind of the capacity required to be 
able to meet that demand. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And then one quick one on your fab strategy. As your Taiwan fabs are qualified and is it 
-- are you going to move away from the Japanese fab considering where the yen is? Is it more -- is it much cheaper to 
produce in Taiwan and is there any tailwinds from that to the gross margins? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, in terms of our strategic foundry partners, we're 
not planning changes in terms of dropping one for the other. We really do need relationships with all three of these for 
various reasons. And we're not really being impacted significantly by the exchange rate. So I think that most of our 
agreements are dollar based with these wafer foundries. So that doesn't have a big impact. And in our strategy going 
forward is really to work with all three of these foundries. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: OK. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, thanks. Last quarter you mentioned that your lead times were in the 14-week range. I 
was wondering if you could provide some quantitative detail there. And then can you share with us your utilization rate 
trends and what you expect for your inventory in terms of dollars or days for this quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. So as we said, lead times 
stabilized in the quarter and they're just starting to decline. So they're now, you know, a little bit below 14 weeks, the 
order lead times. But now, as we've kind of recently reduced all of the fab queues from really four to five weeks down 
to one to two weeks, we expect the lead times to follow that decline and come down to their normal range in the eight 
to nine-week time period so I think that's been set in motion. As far as inventory, as far as utilizations go, certainly the 
fabs are still running full. And to the extent that there's any softness or flattening of revenue we'll use our flexible kind 
of manufacturing strategy to manage that and minimize any impact of that. And then as far as inventory, it probably 
will go up a little bit as we kind of use this opportunity to build up a little bit of die bank. We're at 81 days and our 
target is around 90 to 100 days. And so it's natural that as capacity opens up a little bit we'll replenish our die banks. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman from Gleacher and Company your question, 
please. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great, thanks, guys, for taking my question. Tunç, you mentioned the LCD business has fallen 
pretty hard and that was going to be a big part of the downfall. Can you quantify that for me and can you talk to when 
you think that that business is going to recover and what might drive that recovery? 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think in terms of quantification, I'd rather not quantify 
exactly what it was, but I can tell you it was significant. I'd say, to give you kind of a direction, I think it's definitely in 
the 20, 30% range reduction. So, and obviously that created a lot of a pretty big bubble to get built of components and 
panels. And as I said it's going to take this quarter and next quarter for sure for all of that to get burned off. So -- and 
eventually, it will get burned off and there is still a demand. I think the underlying demand for consumers asking for 
flat panel TVs has not gone away. So that's going to keep on growing. And I think that what essentially happened is 
that the end customers I think each of them as usual overestimated how much market share they could get and that was 
really the reason for this large inventory to be built. But I think it's a good, healthy market for us. We've got new 
product -- families of new products that we're winning design wins. As I mentioned, the home videoconferencing 
applications. And I think that there's now -- in tomorrow's TVs, actually, my belief is that there's more analog mixed 
signal opportunities than there were in yesterday's TVs -- because of all -- because of essentially what's happening to 
TVs, you know, it's essentially what's happened to smartphones. A lot more analog mixed signal content, because of 
the functionality consumers are demanding are much higher now. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: If I could for my follow-up question focus on the wireless business and the fact that your 
wireless business has been doing quite well, clearly gaining some share there. Can you talk about where you think you 
are in maybe inning terms as far as taking incremental share in the wireless business and what you should -- what we 
should think about that business doing in terms of growth next year. And I'll leave it at that, thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: OK, Doug, so in terms of the handset business, I think 
we still are, and I've said this before, I get asked this question quite a few times last year, I think we're still on the first 
inning of the handset market. From a revenue standpoint, you know, our penetration was still really with a couple of 
customers. And as I noted, now we've won designs or at least been awarded projects at several other customers and 
those haven't really turned into revenue yet either. So there's a lot of growth coming. When we kind of looked at it, if 
you looked at the entire phone market, you know, our analog share is in the mid single digits. If you look at the faster 
growing smartphone market, we're maybe in the low teens type range. So it's really -- it's a very open market for us and 
we believe we're in a good position because when we look around to people that can make these high integration type 
products, there's really very, very few companies that can do that. So it's really up to us and our ability to produce more 
products in that area to get more of a market share. I think that one by one, we're increasing our footprint in terms of 
which customer we have a relationship with. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question, please? 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, guys, thanks for taking my question. Bruce, I guess first I apologize if I missed this but did 
you quantify Teridian represented in the September quarter and as we you look at December quarter, how we should 
look at Phyworks as a part of that guidance. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Teridian came in as projected, 
right around $15 million and Phyworks is probably going to be about 1% of revenue in the December quarter. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great that's helpful and then Tunç you gave us some detail on the tablet market, 45 plus models. 
I'm curious when you look at your dollar potential per tablet how would you size that up and when you look at the ramp 
of the tablet market. Do you think that starts to become accretive as early Q1 or is that more sort of a second half '11 
calendar event for you guys? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: John, so let's see, your first question to me was what's 
the dollar content. When we look at the internal architecture of a tablet and all the internal electronics it very much 
resemble what a smartphone looks like -- on most models, not all of them, but most of them. So the analog content 
depending on what type of product we have in it ranges anywhere from subdollar, if it's a component level part, all the 
way to $3 to $4 if it's some high integration parts as well as some components. So it's in the range of let's say $1 to $4. 
In terms of, you know, in terms of the market size, you know, it's -- the predictions are in 2014 it will be like a 40 to 50 


million-unit market. Personally, I think they're underestimating the size of this market. I think it's going to be bigger 
than that. But in terms of when are we going to realize, you know, significant amount of profits, I mean, it's going to 
take some time for all these tablets to -- the newer tablets to reach peak revenue potential so it will probably be towards 
the second half of 2011 is when it starts in big volume. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Great, thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. Your question, please? 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Thanks. Just a quick question, Bruce. What are the turns for you for the quarter and are 
you assuming an unusual amount of cancellations given that your backlog is kind of midpoint of your guidance? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Our beginning backlog was 601. That's 
based on customer request dates. And so from, you know, not all of that can get shipped within the quarter. There's 
always some that comes in with a ship immediate type of thing and we can't handle that and so we're probably looking 
at about 15% turns, which is probably equivalent to last quarter. So a little bit less than out historical average. But like 
you said, we've kind of scrubbed the backlog and we wanted to make sure that, you know, we kind of comprehended 
all of the puts and takes. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: OK. Just a quick question for you, Tunç. On the tablet market, we all are trying to figure 
what the cannibalization is going to be. What are your thoughts on if you look at your notebook exposure and the 
contents you get from that, versus the tablet market, how do you think about that market versus your content in the 
notebook market? Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: OK. So when I think about this, I mean everybody's got 
an opinion, I read about them all the time about what it's going to do. But my opinion is that the tablet market, you 
know, is really a new class of equipment, I think, I think people are going to have notebooks and tablets and smart 
phones, a lot of people. But if you look at people that are looking at whether to buy a notebook or a tablet, my view is 
that it's probably going to impact the netbook market the most. And I think that that's, you know, if I were a consumer 
and I were trying to decide between the two, you know, if it's a good tablet, that might be a better device for me in a 
consumer application. We're, you know, from our own little just thinking about Maxim itself, the effect on the tablet's 
effect on net books is not really that important for us because we don't have of content in netbooks anyway. So from a 
Maxim standpoint, the emergence of tablet PCs is actually a very good thing going forward. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: What's the content in notebooks, though? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, as I said, notebooks are about -- they're less than 
about 10% of our revenues. And, as I said, most of that is not in the netbook segment. So I don't think that the tablet 
market is going to have a huge effect on Maxim's revenues. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: OK. Thanks for sharing your perspective. Appreciate it. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Thanks. It's actually Jim Schneider calling in for Jim Covello. Thanks for taking my 
question. I guess can you give us some perspective what you expect distributor resales to do current quarter compared 
to last quarter and whether you think distributors are going to build or deplete inventory coming into the current 
quarter. 


<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, this is Bruce. So actually resales 
were strong in the current quarter. They were actually up 15%. A big part of that was international as well. As far as 
what's occurring next quarter, probably the best thing there is kind of looking at end market bookings. And there we 
saw end market bookings up in the U.S. and Europe for the industrial side. So up a little bit. And then we actually saw 
the end market bookings down in Asia, which is I think more reflective of the weaknesses we've seen in, say, TVs and 
notebooks. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Fair enough, thanks. And maybe could you just hazard a guess in terms of rank ordering your 
end markets. I know you talked about LCD being the weakness, but could you maybe give us some sort of rank 
prioritization for the others? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Let's see, well, part -- so you're really talking about this 
quarter, right, not what happened last quarter? 

<Q - James Schneider>: Yeah, the December quarter, yeah. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: December quarter. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I can take it. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think Bruce has got those numbers in front of him. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. When we think about it, we 
think about our four markets. And I won't necessarily rank order them but if you think of consumer, obviously that's 
going to be the market with TVs down significantly. Cell phones will probably be up a little bit as the Galaxy ramp sort 
of offsets the normal year-end adjustments. Industrial, we think it's probably flat, maybe down slightly. Automotive's 
up, but in general sort of the broad based industrial business may be down a little it after several strong quarters. Com, 
you know, we had the real strong quarter in Q1, so just that's probably down just on a quarter-on-quarter basis, but we 
do have the Phyworks business coming in which will help us there to the tune of about 1%. And then finally in 
computing we see, you know, notebook probably, you know, we see notebook probably flat obviously Wall Street the 
correction in Q1. But servers up, financial terminals up, and then peripherals, which is sort of printers, authentication, 
you know, that's probably down a little bit as well. So overall, we see computing as flat. So that's sort of the rundown 
on our markets. 

<Q - James Schneider>: That's helpful color. Thanks very much guys. 

Operator 

Thank you our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from Caris & Company. Your question, please. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks. Bruce, you mentioned that there will be a nice stepdown in the tax rate in the current 
quarter. If we look out to the back half of the fiscal year what should we expect for the tax rate? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We should expect it to be kind of flat at 
the 29%. With the international benefits of -- the benefits of our international restructuring, we actually were able to, 
you know, execute a little bit better in getting that in place and transferring all the business over to our international 
structure. And so Q1 we actually came in at 33%, which I know was our forecast, but that actually, you know, had 
some discrete items in there that took us to the 33. The rate for the year is going to be about the 29%. So what we see in 
December will probably be consistent for the back half of the fiscal year. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: OK, that's helpful. And then just further out, what should we think about the long-term tax rate for 
the company and where would that normalize? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So I think probably in fiscal year 
'12, we'll probably be in the mid to high 20s. And then, by fiscal year '13 we'll be in the mid 20s. Long-term we expect 


to be mid 20s to where it normalizes out. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks, Bruce. Thanks, Tunç. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right. Operator? 

Operator 

Yes, our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great, thanks. Can you comment on what you see as the opportunity and competitive 
environment for the protection product market and also for Teridian market? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: OK, so maybe I don't -- when you say protection 
market, what did you mean by that? 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: The port protection. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Port protection. OK. I think the port protection products 
that we have know have gotten great acceptance in various markets. There have been successful in handhelds as well as 
we've also been successful in the automotive market because cars now are -- many of them are coming with USB ports 
and so on and they need even better protection than some of the handheld devices. So I think that market's going to 
continue to be a good market for us. And it depends heavily on design techniques as well as proprietary process 
technologies to be able to deliver the level of protection that our customers want. 

On the Teridian front, obviously that integration has gone well. We actually have completed the integration of all their 
systems into the Maxim systems. It's meeting projections. As I said in the call, we're -- now we're adding energy 
measurement revenue, we think is going to be coming beginning next year because of the wins we saw in data centers. 
And there's probably even more applications for some of these very accurate energy measurements because I think 
everybody's now very conscious of efficiency and being able to save as much power as possible. So I think the future 
for those products stand alone is very well -- and it's even better when you combine that with some of our 
communications technologies for smart card applications. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great. And this is my follow-up: You have drivers in a bunch of areas you've tried to achieve 
some of the balanced model here. As you look out to 2011, though, is there any one market, end market where you see 
particularly strong growth or any one where you expect it to fall back as a percentage of revenue? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think in 2011, which is kind of short-term, in 
our view, you know, I think we're going to do -- continue to do well in the feature phone and the smartphone market. I 
think we've got good momentum going in automotive. We've got a good product lineup for servers. We believe we're 
going to see more results from our distribution strategy and getting more products in industrial like factory automation. 

And communications infrastructure in China and India will be a good growth market next year, as well as smart meters, 
for example, from the Teridian acquisition. And, of course, I think towards maybe the middle or the end of next year, 
we're going to begin to see impact from all the design wins I mentioned in tablet PCs. So those are kind of like the 
major areas for next year that we're looking forward to. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from J.P. Morgan. Your question, please. 

<Q - Venkatesh Nathamuni>: Yes, thanks for taking my question. This is Venk in for Chris. Bruce, you talked about 
lead times normalizing for you this quarter and also coming down some more next quarter, but as we've gone through 


this earnings season and see competitors' lead times also come in, what do you think is the impact for Maxim going 
forward? Are you seeing any change in the dynamics as a result of your competitors' lead times also coming in? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I don't think we're seeing that. I 
think our -- with the lead times coming down where they are, the fab queues coming down, our customers are pleased 
with that and we're not seeing any impact. You know, as Tunç said on the call. sort of the underlying demand for our 
products is holding up and except for TVs at this point in time, we haven't seen any impact there. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I have -- yeah, I have to remind you that a large 
portion of Maxim's revenue comes from proprietary products and some of them -- some that are even second sourced, 
you know, customers are really not willing to change their bill of materials. So lead times being short or long are not a 
significant advantage for the types of products that we sell. So I kind of sense that that might be the reason you're 
asking. 

But it's not -- that's not a big driver for us. The important thing is to make sure that our customers' satisfaction of 
Maxim as a supplier is high. And that's why we need to get the lead times down to where it's reasonable, where they 
can really plan their business better in terms of running it and being profitable themselves. 

<Q - Venkatesh Nathamuni>: OK, great, thanks. And as a follow-up, you talked about an inventory-driven correction 
primarily in the notebooks and the LCD TV market, but as we look at the other end markets do you think we are now 
looking at pretty normal seasonality going forward for the rest of the end markets? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, from our point of view, we've looked at -remember 
that we're carrying a large amount of backlog, so that's some indication of what the demand is from the end 
market. We've gone through it, we've cleansed it, it had some impact on us. Not believing that some of that backlog 
was real, we put that in our guidance. So essentially we're accounting for what we believe is the correction for our long 
lead times going forward for the markets that are outside of the notebooks and the LCD TVs. How exactly the first half 
of 2011's going to turn out, we don't have that visibility. But at least we've looked at ourselves, we've done the due 
diligence, checked out our backlog, asked our customers whether they want this product or not, and it looks like they 
want the product. 

<Q - Venkatesh Nathamuni>: OK. Thank you. 

<Q - Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations>: Jonathan, we'll take one more question and then end 
the call, please. 

Operator 

Certainly. Our final question comes from the line of Vernon Essi from Needham and Company, your question, please. 

<Q - Vernon Essi>: Thanks for fitting me in here. I wanted to get a point of clarification. In your prepared comments 
you had the server and data storage sort of offset your notebook weakness. And I wanted to understand if that was 
within line of your expectations and Bruce is sort of discussing that going up into the next quarter. Can you just discuss 
that market and what you're seeing out there? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It was as we expected, we 
thought there was going some weakness in notebook in the first quarter and there was. And we thought that was going 
to be offset by the servers and storage business and going up, and it was. And then when we talk about the December 
quarter, again we expect probably to see notebooks probably flatten out a little bit there given the correction that 
occurred in Q1. We do expect to see servers up again this quarter, financial terminals up and then, as I said, the other 
area that will probably be down a little bit is our peripheral space, which is printers, some one-wire authentication 
devices, things like that. 

<Q - Vernon Essi>: OK, and then this follow-up, on the server side, do you feel that's more of a share gain or just end 
consumption? 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: On the server side, I would classify it more as end 
consumption. The differences are too small for us to be able to tell the difference, but from what I've seen and when I 
talk to other CEOs it looks like the demand for servers and enterprise storage and servers is pretty strong. So I think 
that's the prime driver. 

Operator 

Thank you. I'd like to turn the program back to you for any further remarks. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jonathan. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We'd like to thank you for your continued participation 
and interest in Maxim. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference, this does include the program. You may 
now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


