Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Romit Shah 
• Craig Berger 
• Parag Agarwal 
• John Pitzer 
• John Barton 
• Steve Smigie 
• Brett Piira 
• Chris Danely 
• Ross Seymore 
• Blaine Curtis 
• Mark Lipacis 
• Tore Svanberg 
• Doug Freedman 
• Terence Whalen 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Vernon Essi 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products' First Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. 
Today's call is being recorded. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Paresh Maniar, Executive 
Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to our fiscal second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. With me on the 
call today, our Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

This call is being broadcast live over the Internet and can be accessed through Maxim's website. A replay will also be 
available on our website for a period of time. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making 
forward-looking statements on this call, which involve risk and uncertainty. The company's actual results could differ 
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statement. We encourage you to review the safe harbor 


statements in our earnings press release published earlier today, as well as the company's most recent annual report on 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 27, 2009, and most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended September 26, 2009. 

Second, we have made time available for a question-and-answer period at the end of today's call. This will be your 
opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An 
operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that participants limit themselves to one question and 
one follow-up question during the Q&A session. 

I'll now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. We are pleased with our second quarter financial results. Revenue exceeded expectations as we 
continue to perform relatively well during the downturn. Bookings were strong, indicating continued momentum going 
forward. Our gross margin increased 560 basis points sequentially returning to our target range in the low 60s. Earnings 
excluding special items grew 42% demonstrating significant operating leverage as we recover from the recession. 

We believe our sustained financial performance is continued evidence that our strategy to target both high growth and 
high margin end markets, while investing innovation and integration, is working. 

Let me review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was 473.5 million, an increase of 
5.4% from the first quarter and above the high end of our guidance. Our industrial and communication end markets had 
strong revenue growth, computing grew in line with overall revenue, and consumer was down as expected. 

Our revenue mix by end market in Q2 was approximately 31% for consumer, 25% computing, 25% industrial, and 19% 
communications. As expected, the industrial end market had robust growth due to broad-based demand increases. 
Control and automation and automotive were the strongest markets. 

The communications end market exceeded expectations with growth in all segments. Sales into fiber optic modules 
were particularly strong in the quarter. The computing end market had meaningful growth in both the server and 
storage markets. 

And finally, as expected, the consumer end market declined due to year-end inventory re-balancing at certain cell 
phone customers. Partially offsetting the reduction in cell phones was continued solid growth in LCD TV. 

Gross margin was 61.6%, well above the high end of our guidance. As expected, gross margin benefited from higher 
factory utilization and a larger mix of our high margin industrial and communications businesses. In addition, our 
successful efforts to significantly reduce inventory over the last year resulted in lower inventory reserves and a credit to 
the P&L. 

Operating expenses excluding special items were 180 million, an increase of eight million from the prior quarter. The 
majority of the increase was due to our bonus accrual as operating income is forecasted to improve significantly 
year-over-year. Depreciation for our new ERP system also increased as we went live this quarter. Overall, allowing for 
our variable bonus, we continue to tightly manage spending. 

Special items in Q2 operating expenses included items related to stock option litigation and a minor restructuring in 
Europe. 

Q2 GAAP operating income excluding special items was 112 million or 23.7% of revenue. The Q2 GAAP tax rate 
excluding special items was 35.9%. The Q2 GAAP tax rate of 48% included an additional provision of $14 million for 
our new international structure. GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items was $0.24, up 42% from Q1 due to 
higher revenue and gross margin. 


Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was 31 million. This reflects approximately 101 million in tax 
payment due to the normal double tax payments in Q2 and the settlement of an IRS audit. In addition, accounts 
receivable increased 52 million due to poor linearity caused by lower October shipments as we implemented a new 
ERP system. 

Days sales outstanding increased to 54 days. Inventory grew slightly. This increase plus lower cost of goods sold 
resulted in days of inventory increasing to 98 days, still within our target of less than 100 days. 

Capital expenditures totaled 25 million in Q2 within our target of five to 7% of revenue. Share repurchases totaled 47 
million in Q2 as we bought back 2.6 million shares. In Q2, we paid dividends to our shareholders of 61 million. As a 
result, total cash, cash equivalent and short-term investments decreased by 99 million in the second quarter to 839 
million. 

Moving onto guidance, during Q2 our bookings increased by 12%. Our beginning Q3 backlog is 335 million, an 
increase of 16% from the prior quarter. Based on our beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast Q3 revenue to 
increase to 500 million to 520 million. 

We expect the industrial end market to increase based on normal seasonality plus continued broad-based recovery. The 
communications end market is expected to be up across all market segments with strength in optical transceivers and 
base stations. The computing end market is expected to be up modestly with growth in notebooks and continued growth 
in financial terminals, servers, and storage. 

Finally, the consumer end market is also expected to grow in Q3 as cell phones rebound from the decline in Q2 and 
LCD TVs continue their solid growth. It is also worth noting that our lead times extended by approximately one week 
on average in Q2. This contributed to higher bookings and beginning backlog. 

Q3 gross margin is estimated at 60 to 61%, within our target range. Compared to Q2, we may not get the same 
favorable inventory reserve adjustment in Q3. 

Operating expenses are expected to increase slightly to 180 to 183 million, primarily because of increased R&D design 
activity and implementation costs related to our international restructuring. Our expected tax rate excluding special 
items for Q3 is approximately 36%. In addition, we expect approximately 12 million additional tax provision for 
international restructuring. 

For Q3 GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, we expect a range of 0.25 to $0.28. For cash flow from 
operations, we expect higher than normal levels as tax payments will decline significantly from Q2 and accounts 
receivables should decline as DSO reset below 50 days. 

As always, cash flow from operations will be offset by dividends, potential share repurchases, possible acquisitions and 
payments for capital equipment. Capital expenditures in the current year are expected to be within the high end of our 
target of five to 7% of revenue as we ramp capacity. For Q3 we expect to stay below 100 days of inventory. 

And finally, on January 27 our Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend for the second quarter of fiscal 2010 of 
$0.20 per share, approximately a 4.3% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. 

Looking forward, our balanced business model and continued investment in innovation and high integration products 
positions us well for the future. 

I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call, and good afternoon. I'm pleased that for the fourth quarter in a 
row revenues exceeded the high end of our estimates. In the December quarter our revenues were incrementally better 
than our estimates in all four major end markets. 


Highlights for the December quarter included gross margins above 60%, a 42% quarter-over-quarter improvement in 
GAAP earnings per share, excluding special expense items, and finally continued bookings strength, which enabled us 
to project March quarter revenues reaching pre-recession levels. 

Let me first discuss channel inventory and lead times. Inventory at Maxim grew by just 2%, well below the revenue 
growth rate. Inventory at our distributors was up slightly, indicating no buildup of our products in the channel. During 
the December quarter, our customers started giving us greater visibility by placing orders further out. Consequently, 
customer requested lead times increased by one week on average during Q2 compared to Q1. In tandem, the lead times 
that we quoted our customers also moved up by one week during the quarter. Bookings for all four major end markets 
grew in the December quarter. 

I will now provide color regarding these markets and a few representative segments in each. First, consumer; we saw 
mid-single digit sequential growth in consumer market bookings. Cell phone orders declined slightly as expected. This 
was more than offset by increased bookings in LCD TVs. In the LCD TV market, recent market share gains from 
Maxim's programmable gamma buffers, level shifters, and power management ICs, drove double-digit bookings 
growth in Q2. 

In the smartphone space, we were awarded an important high integration power management IC development project at 
a major manufacturer. This award is significant because it was our first PMIC win at this customer and will make a 
noticeable contribution to revenue in the future. 

And yet another customer – we won designs with a PMIC that powers a Broadcom baseband chip in several cell phone 
models. We have already begun shipping this device in the current quarter. This significantly opens up the market 
opportunities for us. 

We're expanding our audio device reach by shipping products for the first time to a new tier one handset customer. At 
CES, we demonstrated a capacitive touchscreen true touch product in an actual smartphone. We also displayed a 
prototype of our multi-touch controller. Our IPN expertise in analog front ends simplifies the digital requirements of 
the touchscreen system and provides performance advantages like higher precision and lower power over other 
suppliers of capacitive touch devices. 

Now related to touchscreens, we are sampling our Haptic touch products to create a real world touch back feeling. This 
improves the feedback on a touchscreen by providing the feel of a real mechanical button. We believe that the e-reader 
market will be an exciting growth area for us as well. For this application, our recently introduced several level display 
driver product has won a key socket due to better contrast and faster screen refresh rates. 

Second, I'll turn over to computing. Computing market orders were up modestly, driven by strong growth in financial 
terminals and data storage. Notebook orders were essentially unchanged from the previous quarter. In the storage 
space, our customers are conducting their pre-production trials using our 6G expander products. Maxim's 6G devices 
are more robust and need less power than our competitors, which has resulted in design wins at the two major storage 
suppliers. Within notebooks, our eSATA redriver continues to ramp. 

Thirdly, communications; communications orders were up substantially led by the telecom and base station segments. 
Network and datacom orders were also up double digits. Both the base station and telecom segments rose as customers 
began to place orders to support the next phase of 3G deployment in China. Additionally, 2G demand in China is also 
improving. 

Telecom order growth also came from strength in T/E carrier business driven by new T3 design wins at a major 
supplier to telecom companies. The networking datacom segment is benefiting from a rebound in enterprise networking 
where orders for signal integrity products, for example, are now running at 90% of pre-recession levels. 

Finally, industrial; the industrial major market had the biggest bookings growth for the second quarter in a row. The 
most meaningful order increases came from the control and automation, automotive, and automatic test equipment 
segments. However, virtually all other segments also had order expansion and I will highlight just a few bright spots in 
this market. 


In the factory automation space, new design wins for converter products at two of the top 10 suppliers are adding to the 
rebound that the control and automation segment have seen. This segment is also benefiting from strength in the 
Chinese infrastructure market. Our interface products are used in power meters, heating, ventilation, and 
air-conditioning systems, lighting control, and thermostats. Also, every power meter in China is required by 
government regulation to have an RS-485 port. We are one of the two vendors approved for this application. We won 
approval due to our robust electrostatic discharge protection features. Additionally, in the power meter segment, our 
high accuracy real time clock products won a design for smart meters for deployment in Mexico. 

In the Automotive segment, bookings grew north of 20% sequentially as we continue to expand our footprint from a 
relatively small base. An example of our growing presence is the new engine control board design win at a major 
European auto manufacturer that is now starting production. 

As you know, a significant portion of our industrial business comes through distribution. Bookings placed by end 
customers, our distributors, surged during the December quarter, indicating that the smaller firms are now willing to 
step up their orders. 

On the manufacturing front, our newest 0.18 micron VCD platform technology progress is on plan. Many products are 
in development and we will source this workhorse process from two strategic foundries. One of these foundries is 300 
millimeter, from which we expect to begin shipping product by the end of calendar 2010. 

In closing, we believe that the company performed very well through the downturn. Despite difficult environment our 
employees stepped up to the challenge and achieved a lot. We improved time to market by shortening new product 
development cycle time, qualified a new platform process technology, expanded our customer reach through 
distribution, reduced inventory, upgraded our ERP system, reduced capital spending significantly, returned 
gross-margins to our target range, and finally revenues approached pre-recession levels. 

I will turn the call back to Paresh. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

That is the end of our prepared comment. We would now welcome your question. Please limit yourself to one question 
with one follow-up. Operator, please begin polling for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Romit Shah from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay, thanks a lot. Bruce, congratulations on getting margins back above 60%. Couple questions; 
the gross margins going from 61.5 to 60.5, does that just reflect the lower inventory reserves? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that's exactly right, Romit. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. And then the other question I had – and you guys touched on it briefly I think with lead 
times. But why are you guiding revenues so much lower than the change in backlog? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, okay, so in terms of our lead times extending, 
that's correct. So we do have better visibility, but it also depends on us being able to supply to the exact turns that we're 
going to get, which is still difficult to predict. Therefore, we gave the guidance that we gave for that reason. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR. Your question, please. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey guys. Nice job on the results. Just wondering about the sustainability of shipments and given 
that Q1 is coming in so much better than seasonal kind of how that might impact the future quarters this year, and just 
any other demand or inventory commentary your customers are telling you? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first of all, we're – I think we've changed from a 
market where we were looking for orders to a market where actually the demand has come pretty strong. We don't 
think that there's inventory that's building up at our customers. I think we're shipping at consumption levels. The lead 
times have extended. I think that shows you the sentiment of the customers. They have more confidence in them being 
able to ship this product. And as you know in the semiconductor market, I mean, there's more, more and more suppliers 
are getting constrained by capacity. And for us also, our levels of utilization of our factories have gone up significantly. 

So definitely it is getting more difficult for us, just like anybody else, to be able to do all that we need to do to supply. 
So for that we actually are working hard to get more capacity online both internally and through our foundries. And 
we're doing this at a pace that I think is going to be good enough for us to be able to support the revenue forecast that 
we're seeing for this year. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: That was actually my next question. Can you just discuss front-end utilizations, backend 
utilizations, foundry capacity and head count, whether you need to re-hire some people? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Craig, this is Bruce. I'll take that 
one. So in the – our second quarter our fab utilizations were running at about 80%. Those are going to increase slightly 
in the third quarter as well. So basically we're running kind of at our capacity utilization levels that we were before the 
recession. We're adding operators on the front end from a fab point of view in order to fully utilize the equipment that 
we have. 

In addition to that, more mid-term, we are looking to add additional capacity both through just select equipment in our 
existing fabs plus increasing capacity at our external foundry partners. So right now from a CapEx point of view, as I 
mentioned in my script, we still expect in this fiscal year to stay within our five to 7% target, but we're probably going 
to be near to high end of that range now as we spend a little bit of money to respond to the surge in demand that we're 
seeing. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Last question. Can you just update us on where we're at with the ramp of the mini analog 
baseband that some of your Korean customers – how much design win benefits are still ahead of us versus behind us at 
this point? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, in terms of the analog baseband, or highly 
integrated products, I think we've won a significant number of sockets at the Korean customers as well as some of our 

U.S. customers. But we still – our market share – these customers are still really not that high. So I see a lot of 
opportunity for us to grow that business. As I said in the prepared portion, we now also have won designs with some 
other baseband suppliers who alongside, for example, a Broadcom baseband. So we really have been able to expand 
our reach, our marketable reach. But I think we're still in the early stages of being able to grow our analog baseband 
business that those customers and our other customers – where we actually had very little to no presence before. 
Operator 

Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. Your question, please. 

<Q - Parag Agarwal>: Hi, this is Parag for Uche. Just wondering about your guidance for the first quarter. Just wanted 
to drill down further and understand whether most of the upside for the March quarter, is it coming from just from 
China or are you seeing a broad-based recovery across various geographies? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, the demands we're seeing for the current quarter 
in our guidance – it's actually very broad-based. If you look at, from a geography standpoint, it's really across the 


board. Obviously, it's not same in all locations. But it's been – the bookings strength has been pretty strong in Europe, 
it's been very strong in Korea and the U.S. Probably, maybe, the least strong of all of those is maybe in Japan. So it's 
pretty broad-based. 

<Q - Parag Agarwal>: Okay. And coming to your gross margins, like, you've said that they have reached your target 
level. If, I mean, for the gross margins to work up higher from here what needs to happen? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So kind of two things. One, I think 
we've seen for the most part the benefit from increasing utilization. Obviously, we'll continue to benefit from 
improvement in mix going forward. But the other area is, obviously, now that we've kind of gotten back from the 
revenue side of the equation is we are continuing to actively work on a lot of manufacturing cost reductions. Hence, the 
normal things: cycle time reductions, yield-improvement, implementing. Tunç's talked about implementing some lower 
cost process technologies, such as our SI-8 process technology. And also migrating high volume products to 300 
millimeter manufacturing lines. So we're actively working on the cost side and that's going to allow us to sustain our 
business in the low 60s while continuing to grow at the rates that we're at. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question, please. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Bruce, I just want to revisit the gross margins in the 
December quarter. The incremental gross margin was significantly above 100%. It looks like utilization was up about 
10 percentage points. I guess I'm just trying to get a sense of, when you look at the 560 basis points increase in 
margins, how does that break out utilization versus the inventory reserve versus mix? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Right. So our original guidance was 
going to be up about 200, 300 basis points. And when we look at that, obviously we saw those benefits, which was 
really going to come from utilization and the favorable mix, which we saw. The upside above that is really two things. 
One is, just the upside in revenue, which drove some additional benefit and then the credit as a result of the inventory 
reserve. 

We've done, I think, a tremendous job over the last year. We've brought down our inventory by almost $80 million. We 
took down days of inventory from 125 days to down to below 100, our target range. And as a result of that just the 
reserve requirements are less as you have less inventory. And so we had that benefit this quarter, which has really drove 
the most of the upside above guidance. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And ex that benefit would you have, on an apple-to-apple basis, I'm assuming gross margins would 
have grown off of a pro forma December number for March? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, so the guidance that we gave 
basically assumes we're not getting that benefit. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Barton from Cowen. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thank you very much. Since you talked about the enterprise, or excuse me, the industrial market 
coming back in particular, the smaller customers starting to come back and buy product. Obviously, it's an end market 
that recovered later, where do you think we are in that recovery? Do you think you're shipping to true consumption, or 
do you think you'll get a boost over the next quarter or so as more and more customers get back to consumption rates? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first of all, the industrial market's really 
broad-based with a lot of small customers. So it makes it very difficult for us to be able to tell exactly where they stand 
in terms of their plans. So it's very – it's hard for me or for anybody in the company for that matter to be able to tell 


whether there's more growth that's going to come incrementally above what we got or not. So I'm not going to be able 
to give you a really confident answer in terms of whether – what stage they are in, in their growth. 

<Q - John Barton>: Okay. Bruce, could you give us an update on the new tax structure and when you expect to start 
seeing the benefits from that structure? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So we're proceeding on plan, I'm 
very pleased with how we're doing there. And just to kind of remind you what that plan is, is in essence we have about 
a $60 million of additional tax provision in this fiscal year, which ends in June. And so we kind of – we're working 
through that, but then starting in fiscal year '11, that 60 million goes away and we should actually start seeing a 
reduction in our 36% tax rate probably in the low 30s, say 30 to 35%. And then going forward over fiscal year '12, 
fiscal year '13, we'll migrate our way down to probably the mid-20s. And so fundamentally over the next three years, 
we're going to probably reduce our tax rate by about 10%, which obviously has significant leverage from an EPS point 
of view. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Your question, please. Sir, you might 
have your phone on mute. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Sorry. I was hoping you could give us an update on specifically market share and opportunity for 
the financial terminals business? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. So in the financial terminal business, if you recall 
last year, we actually bought a product line from Zilog and a complete company Innova Card. Those acquisitions really 
made us into – got us to the leading position in the financial terminal markets to support and supply secure 
microcontrollers, so all the way from very simple pin pads to more complicated, like signature capturing type terminals 
that you see in some department stores. So we're really, I would see as we're in the beginning of this growth phase here. 
We have a great product line up, and for that market we actually have a lot of drag effect because the microcontroller 
products and the reference designs we use, we also include a lot of our analog blocks in them and therefore get a lot of 
analog designs. 

In terms of exact market share, we did something that I'd rather not disclose. But needless to say I think that with our 
current product line up and technology, we definitely are a leader in that marketplace. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Okay. And my other question was just – if you could talk about what your analog base band is as 
a percentage of your handset revenue and what that might look like as that ramps? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So we don't break that out. Overall, I 
think we've indicated that our cell phone business right now is in low 20% range. But our – we don't break out our 
analog baseband business within that. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Hi, this is Brett Piira, here for Craig. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the 
quarter. You talked a little bit about the power meter traction in China you're getting. Could you speak about the U.S. a 
little bit and how material that whole segment can be in 2010? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, in the power meter markets, as you said, are being 
more successful in China and I also quoted at some design wins for real-time clocks in Mexico. Most of our wins and 
our penetration really is in Asia and non-U.S. countries. So it's tough for me to really comment much about how we're 
doing in the U.S. because our presence is not that high, frankly. But I think that the market overall worldwide is going 


to be a great growth market for us. We provide a lot of functions into that market. I actually mentioned some of them in 
the call, all the way from metrology to interface products, to the power management products, to real-time clocks. I 
predict that to be a great, especially smart power meters to be a good growth area and an excellent potential for Maxim. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Okay. Thanks. And may be just one more. Can you give us an update on your buyback available; is 
it around 700 million or so? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So we had our original authorization 
was 750 million. We have about 450 million authorization remaining right now. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely from J.P.Morgan. Your question, please. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: Okay. Thanks guys. You mentioned your lead times crept out a little bit. Can you just give us a 
little perspective and talk about how long your lead times typically are, and do you expect those lead-times to stretch 
out further this quarter or normalize? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, in terms of our exact lead times what we're 
getting from customers, it definitely did creep up last quarter, as I said by about a week or so. Our company average is 
probably in the high single digits range right now. They have stabilized, if you look at the last month's lead times, we 
track this very carefully. It pretty much has stabilized around the number, which has not gone up for about, what, five 
to six weeks. So we have seen stabilization in it. And I think the average, when you measure it on an average 
viewpoint, it'll probably will go up due to an increase in Q3 by a little bit, not by much. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: And do you guys plan on bringing those back to normal levels or what? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we do control some of that, but it's also a lot 
controlled by the state of mind of our customers. I mean, right now they're in a mode where from many semiconductor 
suppliers they are seeing some tightness. So they themselves are volunteering to give more lead-time to their suppliers. 
I think it would be healthy for it to be slightly lower than it is now. I think it was better when it was in the lower by a 
week or two from now, but exactly when it's going to come down it's hard for us to tell. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And Chris, this is Bruce. The other 
thing we're paying real close attention to is while the lead times, while we're getting some better visibility, we're seeing 
no evidence of an inventory build out there. As we said, the inventory in the distribution channel grew by, on an 
absolute basis, by about 3%, but revenue grew more than that. So on a turns basis or days of inventory actually went 
down. Our own inventory only went up by 2%. What we're seeing out when we kind of check our key ODM channels, 
we're seeing no inventory build there. So I think all of us who've been in this business for a while are sensitive to this, 
but right now just by the – and just by the pressure that our customers are putting on us, this all appears to be end 
demand driven at this point. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi guys. Congrats on the strong results. Just a question on the PMIC thing, can you remind us 
how many of the big cell phone customers you have, not by name of course, how many you have this quarter versus 
what you had maybe a quarter ago? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Let's see, I'd have to do some mental additions here. So 
I think that if you look at the ones that we don't have PMIC wins, maybe that's an easier way to count it, is – maybe 
about a couple of – so other than that we've got different levels of wins of course at different customers. But I think the 
ones that we don't have it at we are making good progress in terms of getting the relationships in place where they have 


the confidence to give us the major socket like that. And, obviously, it's helping when we do show them that we're 
shipping tens of millions of these units into some of the other competitors of theirs. 

So our major penetration I think in terms of wins is really in a couple, and we're – and we have other levels of 
penetration in some of the other suppliers as well. But as, Ross, if you recall, I mean, our strategy is to focus mostly on 
feature phones and smartphones. So those are the types of customers that I'm talking about here. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great. And the one follow-up – Bruce; on the OpEx side of things you guys have done a good 
job controlling that, get good leverage off of it. How should we think about the growth rate in OpEx going forward 
beyond March in line with sales growth, and then is there anything around your fiscal year end either in June or 
September that we need to consider as far as truing up bonuses, compensation, et cetera? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. So I think, Ross, obviously our 
goal is continue to grow at slower than revenue. Even with the increase this quarter, it still grew below revenue growth 
and next quarter kind of at the midpoint of our guidance, our OpEx has grown about 1% versus 8% revenue growth. 
And so we'll get significant leverage. 

Long-term in general, it looks like it's about kind of 1% a quarter is sort of the growth that we see. And that's just what 
we call just kind of general inflation as we're kind of managing a kind of high growth dynamic business. 

The other area just to think about is obviously in the month of September is when we traditionally do our merit 
increases. And so you usually get a one-month impact there and then the full quarter impact in the second quarter. 
Obviously, last year we passed on that given the economy. It's too early to make a decision on that now in the time 
period we're at. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And Ross, just to add to that. What Bruce described is 
accurate, but it doesn't take into account any acquisitions that we make. We make a large acquisition, obviously, and 
there will be a change, an increase in the OpEx. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Blaine Curtis from Jefferies. 

<Q - Blaine Curtis>: Thanks guys. Since the inventory question you had with your Korean customers, is that resolved 
at this point? You're guiding it up. And then I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more on the new 
customer for the PMIC in terms of whether that's based in ad processor. You mentioned that you expect some material 
revenues, if you can give us color whether it's a product family of phones, or anything additional would be great. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So I'll take your first question first. The Korean 
customers have gone through their year-end inventory corrections. So they've come back strong in terms of product that 
they require from us to continue to build product for their markets. So I see that as being behind us. 

On your second question, I really can't comment too much about exactly who the customer is. It is a significant win and 
actually it's an important product for this customer's whole phone platform. So it is – and I can't reveal anything about 
which baseband it uses either because that's confidential information. But it really is a very significant win for us and a 
vote of confidence that the group making that product is very proud of. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Lipacis from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Thanks for taking my question. Bruce, did you quantify the inventory reserve reversal? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, we didn't. 


<Q - Mark Lipacis>: You don't plan to? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. I think as we said, kind of the 300 
basis points was normal and then we had obviously some better revenue, we had the inventory reserve. I mean, Mark, 
there's always lots of kind of puts and takes that go in there, but that was one of the key items that drove the upside in 
the second quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yes. Thank you. My first question is, if you look at your capacity now, utilization is 80%. And 
I'm sure you're planning now to do your additions. Should we expect most additions now to be for internal 
manufacturing or are you really now going to start to outsource more to foundries? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, so let's just divide that into two. In terms of wafer 
fab the internal, potentially we're adding some capital equipment to kind of shore up some redundancy in some of our 
equipment and so on and increase capacity that way. Most of the expense there is really going to come in terms of 
added operators and head count in our factories internally. And most of the rest is really coming from expanding 
capacity at our strategic foundry partners. That's the wafer side. And Bruce also mentioned before we do have to – 
we're going to have to add some test equipment in the back end. And that's probably going to be a higher capital 
expense than what we add to the wafers. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Very good. And my follow-up, if you look at the midpoint of your guidance range for March, 
510 million, you guys did a great job to sort of measure your end consumption of your product. So how does that 510 
stack up versus what you truly believe is the real demand for your products? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we think we – every quarter as you've observed, 
we do a study where we ask our customers, find out where their inventories are in the channel, their manufacturing 
inventories, their component inventories of what they hold of our products and so. And as a result of that study, and we 
do this for the major markets, we don't do it for every single market. When we look at the results of that study and 
analyze the data, it looks like they're ordering from us at consumption levels. So I think that there is – we're not seeing, 
or we're not observing, or we're not sensing any buildup of inventory either in the channel or as finished product at our 
customers. So we feel pretty good about the demand level from our customers and that it's for real consumption. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from Broadpoint. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great guys. Thanks for taking the time. Could you, Tunç, discuss the success of your 
preferred supplier program and how the volumes are going at those type of accounts? And maybe also going into a little 
bit of detail on how well the focus in distribution is – what impact that's having on your outlook? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. So taking the first question first, we've got – I've 
quoted before that we track about 12 – we track 12 of our customers and categorize them as partner customers for us. 
And roughly three, four years ago we were actually only at five of those 12. We were a preferred supplier to that 
customer. And we actually today, we're at 11 out of 12 we're a preferred supplier. So that's really been going very well. 
Obviously, there've been some changes in that customer list as time went on. But we are getting excellent ratings from 
these customers, they partner with us very well. They tell us what types of products they need from us going into the 
future. So it helps our product definition. In their supplier reduction programs they bring us opportunities of sockets 
that if they want to eliminate another supplier. So that program actually has gone very well for Maxim, just with intense 
focus we were able to get our ratings up at these customers. 


In terms of our small customer reach, the distribution program actually is going very well. We've got – our design 
registrations was our way of measuring the demand creation coming through distribution, our distribution partner 
Avnet. And that program has been increasing the design registration quarter-over-quarter, every single quarter since 
when we started the program. And we found somewhere between 800 to a 1, 000 new customers that we didn't even 
know about before. So we've added to our customer list. 

The design registration we – our model was that from these registrations the revenue would start somewhere between 
18 to 20 months from the time we won the registration. And we actually from those first registrations we had roughly 
18 months ago, we've been beginning to see revenue from those. So I think we've set up a very good model. We're 
measuring it effectively. And the best news is that it's working. And it will add – it is adding more revenue and it's 
adding more revenue and high margins for us. So I think that program has been a success. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Terence Whalen from Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. This one relates to the communications end market. 
Can you just give us a reminder of what the split between the wireline portion and the wireless infrastructure portion is? 
And on the wireless infrastructure you had commented about China. Can you give us an update on India, LATAM and 
other areas as well? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Actually, the separation between wireless and wireline, 
Bruce, you have it in front of you. So 


<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, I mean I think as we identified 
the – our communications business was about 19% of our revenue in Q2. In general the kind of base stations business, 
or the wireless infrastructure side, that's still a relatively small business for us. It's probably in the mid-single digits. 
And so then the rest of our business is really around the telecom space and some of our datacom and networking. Those 
being sort of like, the fiber optic and optical transceivers market, and then also the, kind of the Cisco networking type 
business. So for the most part it's – you would call it wireline, but it's difficult to split because some of the telecom 
business can be used – some like the optical transceivers can be used. It may be fiber optic modules, but they can be in 
there supporting the backhaul for a base station. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And you had a second question, which if you can repeat 
we'll answer it. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Well, yeah. The second question, was just granularity on wireless infrastructure in terms of 
regions, I think you had said that you're seeing strength in China. I was wondering also what you're seeing in terms of 
India where there's an inventory crush in last quarter and other areas like LATAM, or U.S. as well? Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So most of the growth that we are seeing in our 
revenue is actually coming from the China market. And I haven't done a very careful study of where – if there are 
secondary growth areas, and which countries they are from. But most of what we see is actually in China. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Basically, we're seeing sort of the next 
wave of 3G base station deployments in China really starting to kick off here in the first half of this calendar year. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. Sir, you might have your 
phone on mute, Mahesh. Mahesh Sanganeria, your line is open. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Yes, can you folks hear me? 


Operator 

Yes sir. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We can. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Yeah, Just in case you guys. I had a couple of questions on your fab capacity utilization. 
What would you say is the headroom for further revenue growth in your existing capacity, both internal and external, 
and when would you expect new capacity to come online and what would be the revenue adder for the new capacity? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So our – the – as we previously stated, our 
capacity is about somewhere around 400 million with our internal fabs and about another 150 with Epson. So we are 
incrementally adding capacity pretty much every quarter right now. And we also are looking at adding some more 
external capacity in the tune of probably around 50 to $75 million worth per quarter. So every quarter or every month 
we're actually adding some more capacity mostly internally through the addition of operators. And also working, as I 
said, on an external foundry arrangement as well. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay. What is the size of the capacity that's going to come online at the 12-inch external 
foundry partner? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're pretty early in the definition of exactly what size 
we're going to need, but the important information I can give you there is that we're really a very small portion of the 
total capacity of that foundry. So from our viewpoint, from an analog mixed-signal viewpoint, I think that we don't 
have really much of a limit if you take our size into consideration. And also we do have a lot of time to grow because 
we don't – although we're designing a lot of products in our S18, 300 millimeter process technology, it's really going to 
take us a while to able to ramp a lot of revenue in that fab anyway. 

So in summary, we have – we're going to have plenty of capacity in that factory, that's not going to be an issue. And 
there is going to be some time before we actually even have to use that capacity with new products. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Vernon Essi from Needham & Company. 

<Q - Vernon Essi>: Thank you very much for taking my question. Looking at your end markets, it sounds like you've 
got a lot of business in the works in the consumer area with this PEMIC launch. If you could look at the segmentation 
12 months out, do you still see the split being heavily weighted towards consumer, meaning sort of more in the 30% 
range? And – or do you see it sort of gravitating back towards the balanced model at 25 across all segments? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first of all when we do talk about the balanced 
model, we're talking about the balance between having roughly half the business in industrial and communications and 
the other half in consumer and computing. We think that in terms of the balance we have today, in the next 12 months 
it's probably going to be about at the same level as we are today, probably. Give or take five points. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Right. And we're sort of – and if you 
look, the numbers that we cited in my remarks, we're at 56% on the consumer computing side and 44% on the 
industrial com side. And so while we're pushing to try to get that as balanced as possible, as Tunç said, it will probably 
stay there and depending on seasonality and other market dynamics that number can move around plus or minus a 
couple points. 

<Q - Vernon Essi>: Okay. And earlier you had said you were looking to buy some tester resources, just wondering 
overall on the back end, are you constrained anywhere from a resource perspective right now or do you have adequate 
resources in place? 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So on the back-end we do have adequate resources in 
place. However, I think that we have transitioned some of our testing to more modern testers. So we probably are going 
to have to get some testers as the demand for our products continues in Q4, fiscal Q4. 

<Q - Vernon Essi>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Hi guys. Thanks for letting me ask a second question. Tunç just kind of curious when you look at 
the March revenue guidance, you guys are rapidly approaching sort of the revenue you saw back at the end of 2007. 
But clearly since then you've made some acquisitions. You've also done a lot of internal developments to get into new 
markets. So, I guess I'm trying to figure out if you can help me quantify how much more market opportunity you have 
today than back then, and if you can't quantify that, what are sort of the two or three areas you're most excited about as 
far as growth engines? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think in terms of growth engines for the 
company there's more than two or three. But I think the products that we make that go into what I broadly classify as 
mobility products is going to be a good market for us, anything that's battery operated where we can add value. So 
that's going to be a great driver for the company. 

I think that products that go into any equipment where energy efficiency is important, it's going to be a great growth 
area for us. That includes smart grid products like powerline communications, energy measurement, as well as products 
where we can reduce the consumption of energy at the end product, like more efficient DC-to-DC converters for 
servers. I see that as a great opportunity for the company. 

So energy efficiency, mobility; I see automotive as a great opportunity for us mainly because we don't have much 
market share and the amount of electronics is really rapidly increasing in cars. Even in gasoline-powered cars, but also 
hybrid electric vehicles, I think it's a good growth area. So I think that I just touched on three of those, but there's plenty 
of areas. Security – the fourth one that I can mention. Both personal security for – that's why we invested in doing 
secure video compression products, as well as financial security where I think we're going to have a good footprint in 
financial terminals as more and more governments actually require most of those transactions to be done electronically. 

So I think there is plenty of room for us to grow. As you know, we're only about 5% of the [inaudible], so absolutely 
not opportunity limited. We're only limited by our ability to execute and that's been getting better in the last few years. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Thank you. 

<A - Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations>: Operator, I think we are ready to end the call at this 
point. 

Operator 

Certainly. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We would like to thank you for your continued 
participation and interest in Maxim. 


Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


