Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Romit Shah 
• Uche Orji 
• John Pitzer 
• Craig Berger 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Tore Svanberg 
• Ross Seymore 
• Vijay Rakesh 
• Sumit Dhanda 
• Steven Smigie 
• Terence Whalen 
• Blayne Curtis 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to Maxim Integrated Products' Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's 
call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. Paresh 
Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Operator, and welcome everyone to our Fiscal Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. With me on 
the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we'll be making 
forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind 
you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations are predictions of the future, 
including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory 
and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, 
anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results, are forward-looking statements. 

If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate, or variations of these words and similar 
expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It's important to note that 
the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional 
information about risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business are contained in the Company's SEC 


filings on Form 10-K for the year ended June 28, 2008. Copies can be obtained from the Company or the SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirements, we've made time available for a question-and-answer 
period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly 
results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that 
participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. I'll now pass the call 
over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. Let me start by repeating what I said last quarter. The economic environment continues to be 
challenging. We are uncertain as to the depth, duration and speed of recovery out of this recession. Although we are 
encouraged that bookings and revenue have stabilized, they are not broad-based and are at lower levels than last 
summer. Therefore, we continue to reduce costs and optimize cash flow. We also continue to make selective 
investments in key growth areas to drive the innovation and high integration products critical to our long-term success. 
We believe these actions allow Maxim to both generate strong cash flow and gain market share in a difficult economic 
period and position us for above average revenue and profit growth when the economy recovers. 

Let me review our third quarter financial results. Revenue for the third quarter was 339.7 million, a decline of 17% 
from the second quarter. While revenue declined in all four end markets, revenue surpassed the high end of our 
expectations. Our revenue mix by end market in Q3 was approximately 28% for consumer, 28% industrial, 23% 
computing and 21% communications. 

In the consumer end market, revenue exceeded expectations due to market share gains in cell phones with the initial 
ramp of power management multimedia and multifunction design wins. In the communications end market, revenue 
met expectations as we benefited from both the wireless and wireline Asia infrastructure build out. In the computing 
end market, the revenue exceeded expectations due to earlier than expected recovery in the notebook and display 
segment. 

And finally, the industrial end market was impacted by a weak distribution business in the U.S., Japan and Europe. 
GAAP gross margin, excluding special items, was 53%, at the high end of our guidance. Factory utilization in Q3 was 
57% compared to our forecast of 65%, as we decided to reduce inventory further. 

Operating expenses, excluding special items and stock based compensation, were 137.7 million, a decline of 17.6 
million from the prior quarter and better than our $15 million target reduction. As planned, we achieved savings from 
the prior quarter's head count reductions, one week of unpaid time-off, a one-week company-wide shut down, 
suspension of our 401(k) matching, lower bonus accruals and overall tight controls over variable and discretionary 
spending. 

Total stock based compensation expense in Q3 was 39.6 million. This was above our forecast due to pull in of certain 
RSU expenses. The GAAP tax provision for Q3 reflects our new international structure, which was implemented at the 
end of calendar 2008. Despite revenue shipments of 70 to 75% to international locations, Maxim has historically paid 
US taxes on the profit from approximately 90 to 95% of revenue shipments. This resulted in Maxim having a 
significantly higher effective tax rate than our peers, negatively impacting both earnings and cash flow. 

The goal of the new structure is to align our tax model with our operational business model. A key component is to 
allow use of our intellectual property by a foreign subsidiary. This is achieved through a buy in and cost sharing 
arrangement, where our foreign subsidiary pays the US entity for certain operating expenses. Such payments create tax 
expense for the US entity, which in the long run should be more than offset by tax savings on the revenue and profit 
earned internationally. However, in the early stages, the cost sharing payments to the US entity are greater than the 
benefits achieved by the foreign subsidiary. 

In Q3, we recorded approximately nine million in additional US tax provision with no offsetting savings from our 
foreign subsidiary. Q3 special expense items included 12.4 million pre-tax for accelerated depreciation related to the 


closure of the Dallas wafer fab, 11 million pre-tax for severance and restructuring, four million pre-tax for stock option 
related litigation and as mentioned above, 9.2 million tax provision impact due to our international restructuring. 
GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, was $0.01. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was 106 million or 31% of revenue. Free cash flow was 70 
million covering 61 million in dividend payment despite a 32% decline in revenue from Q1 two quarters ago. Total 
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments decreased by 27.2 million in the third quarter to 898.3 million, 
primarily due to 31.9 million for two acquisitions, 61 million for cash dividends and 36 million in payments for 
property and equipment. 

Inventory dollars declined by 5% due to our continued actions to lower output in the quarter. This is the third 
consecutive quarterly decline, as inventory dropped 4% in Q2 and 3% in Q1. We expect inventory to decline again in 
Q4. Days sales outstanding increased to 53 days as shipments ramped throughout the quarter. Capital expenditures 
totaled 25 million in Q3 or 7% of revenue, within our long-term target. 

On October 13, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $750 million of the Company's common 
stock. During Q3, we did not repurchase any common stock in order to preserve cash given the uncertain economic 
environment. In Q2, we repurchased 18.1 million shares of Maxim stock for $235 million, leaving 515 million 
available for future repurchases. On April 30, our Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend for the third quarter of 
fiscal 2009 of $0.20 per share. 

Moving on to guidance, during Q3 our bookings increased by 13%. Our beginning current quarter backlog for Q4 is 
238 million, an increase of 15% from the prior quarter. Based on our bookings and beginning backlog and continued 
uncertainty of the economic environment, we expect Q4 revenue to be 350 million to 380 million, an increase of 3% to 
12% sequentially. 

We expect the largest increase in the consumer end market, with continued market share gains in the cell phone 
segment. The computing end market will benefit from continued stabilization in the notebook and display segment. The 
communications end market will be impacted by a pause in the Base Station segment. The Datacom segment, which 
includes fiber optic modules, is expected to be consistent with Q3. The industrial end market is expected to decline as 
bookings from end customers on U.S., Japanese and European distributors continue to decline. 

For Q4 gross margin, the key drivers will be the Dallas fab shutdown and our continued push to lower inventory. The 
Dallas factory is expected to run at 25% utilization as the final wafer lots run through the line. When utilization rates 
drop below their normal run rate, we are required to charge a portion of this spending as a period expense in the current 
quarter as opposed to capitalizing in inventory. This charge for the Dallas fab under utilization will reduce gross margin 
by approximately one point in Q4. Total fab utilizations are expected to be flat with Q3 at approximately 56%. As a 
result, Q4 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated at 52% plus or minus 150 basis points. We continue to 
actively work on several cost reduction initiatives with the most significant being the close of our Dallas fab. This is on 
schedule for Q4 and will result in a 10 million quarterly savings from the Q3 run rate plus the elimination of the 12 
million special charge for accelerated depreciation. 

In addition, at the end of Q3, we reduced direct and indirect head count at our other U.S. production fabs. For operating 
expenses, we continue to control costs. First, we made further head count reductions earlier this month, primarily in 
SG&A and to a lesser extent in R&D. Second, our employees are effectively taking five days off without pay and are 
required to take an additional five vacation days in Q4. This is the same as in Q3. Third, our 401(k) matching program 
remains suspended. Fourth, the annual merit pay increases that we normally award in September will not occur this 
year. And fifth, stock based compensation expense is expected to decline in Q4 and in subsequent quarters. We are on 
track to achieve our targeted $25 million quarterly run rate by Q3 of fiscal year '10. 

The above actions are offset by transitional costs from the Zilog product lines and increased bonus accrual, both of 
which are tied to additional revenue and profit. We are also incurring variable outside costs to complete key R&D 
projects. Overall we expect operating expenses excluding special items and stock based comp expense to be flat. 
Reconciling back to our Q4, $10 million cost reduction target set in January, we overachieved in Q3 by 2.5 million and 


the Q4 head count reduction is a permanent savings of $5 million per quarter. This is offset by variable spending on 
external R&D products and spending tied to increase revenue. 

Further, we expect stock based comp to decline by two to three million, resulting in a decline in operating expenses 
excluding special items. In Q4, we expect special expense items of 12 million for the final quarter of accelerated 
depreciation related to the Dallas fab closure, four to five million in severance and other operating losses and 10 to 12 
million tax provision impact due to international restructuring. The estimated EPS impact is approximately $0.06. 

For GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, we expect a range of three to $0.08. In Q4, we again expect 
strong cash flow from operations offset by dividends, potential share repurchases, possible acquisitions and payments 
for capital equipment. FY '09 capital expenditures are estimated at 130 million, a 40% decline over FY '08. 

In summary, our strong cash flow and current cash balance provide significant flexibility in this uncertain environment 
to maintain our dividend, take advantage of acquisition opportunities, repurchase our stock, and operate our business 
without disruption if the current economic crisis worsens or continues for an extended period. 

Looking forward, our ongoing market share gains and continued investment in innovation and high integration products 
positions us well for above average revenue and profit growth. Our above average revenue performance over the last 
two challenging quarters is strong evidence that we are effectively executing our strategy. I will now hand the call to 
over Tunç to discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce, and thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. Bruce outlined our financial results for Q3 
and guidance for Q4. We're pleased to see that demand was higher than we expected and that we were able to exceed 
our Q3 revenue guidance. 

Next I'll briefly go over some business developments and opportunities for Maxim. Important developments during our 
just-completed quarter were the purchase of Innova Card and the acquisition of two product lines from Zilog. Maxim's 
purchase of Innova Card and Zilog's secured transaction business is consistent with our strategy to strengthen our 
position in the point of sale and ATM markets. These acquisitions allow us to further leverage the application and 
software expertise of Innova Card and broaden the range of our secured microprocessor offerings. This creates the 
highest performance, fully integrated systems-on-a-chip and a secure open software platform for financial transaction 
terminals. 

We expect this market to grow rapidly in the future as more and more governments encourage and legislate preference 
for electronic over cash transactions. We also acquired the remote control product line from Zilog, which is 
complementary to our existing remote control line and allows us to leverage operational expenses. We have seen an 
increase in our shared remote control business from our new Zilog customers as well as of our existing customers. 

Turning to the business developments during Q3, we witnessed stabilization in our order rates. Major customers who 
had been aggressively reducing inventory began to place orders again. The booking trends improved throughout Q3 as 
measured by our 13-week rolling average. 

As you may recall, we performed an intensive analysis of our inventory versus consumption in our major end markets 
and reported our findings in our last earnings conference call. The timing of bookings improvement during the March 
quarter closely matched our projections in the consumer and communications markets. Order improvement in the 
computing market turned out to be earlier than projected, while the industrial market remains weak. 

We completed a similar analysis of inventory in the channel this quarter and our findings are as follows. Cell phones 
represent the largest share of the consumer end market for us. At our major handset customers, Maxim product 
inventory appears to have returned to normal levels and orders should reflect end consumption. Market share gains by 
us at our major customers and share gains by our largest customers in the handset market should enable us to continue 
to outperform in the segment. 


In the computing end market we analyzed the notebook and display segments. Inventory appears to be at reasonable 
levels and we're projecting higher sequential revenues in line with normal seasonality. The industrial end market is 
primarily serviced by distribution. Orders placed on our distributors in the US and Europe remains weak. While we 
have reduced inventory in the channel, we do not expect industrial orders to pick up in the current quarter. 

Finally, our review of inventory versus consumption data for the communications end market focused on several major 
customers in the base station and wireline segment. In the base station segment, demand should moderate slightly 
during the current quarter, as China's wireless infrastructure deployment transitions from Phase A to Phase B. And for 
the wireline infrastructure segment, our analysis indicates that these customers should continue to place orders in line 
with consumption. 

Next I will discuss Q3 booking trends and provide additional color regarding our major end markets. I will focus on a 
few representative segments in each market. First, consumer. Q3 bookings for this end market showed the greatest 
sequential growth enhanced by significant design wins in many high end handsets that now have been introduced to the 
market. We expect further market share gains, as new phones with significant Maxim wins get introduced in the near 
future. 

Our content in cell phone is increasing as we capture new sockets including power management, audio, display, touch 
screen controllers and micro-USB functions. Our proven ability to integrate these functions in a single mini analog base 
band chip is a significant competitive advantage. We expect the dollar content from Maxim Product's first smartphone 
to increase at the top smartphone producers in the near future. 

Second, computing. We experienced sizeable sequential bookings increase in the computing market during Q3. For 
notebooks, this upside was driven by a rebound in the notebook market and new design wins in battery packs and 
display. We have recently won designs in both areas, which will contribute to revenue growth down the road. In the 
financial terminal segment, we expect significant future upside. We will leverage our core analog products with the 
secure micro-controller products from the Innova Card and Zilog acquisitions to provide a complete system solution for 
all customers in this market. 

In the high-end server segment, our point of load DC-to-DC converters and our hot spot products are gaining traction 
across a variety of customers and platforms. These unique and complex products solve many hot swapping and 
real-time power monitoring and power management issues for our customers. 

Third, communications. Sequentially bookings grew nicely in this market in Q3. We are projecting good growth for our 
fiber-optic products due to the infrastructure build out in China. And our GPON design win at a key US customer is 
expected to translate into revenue growth in the near future, as fiber-to-the-home becomes a reality. While base station 
revenue tends to be erratic, we believe the revenue stream from fiber deployment will be characterized by more stable 
growth. 

Finally, industrial. This was the only market to show sequential decline in bookings during the March quarter. Japan, 
Europe and North America were all weak. Despite the current weakness, we see several long-term promising 
developments for Maxim in that market. Let me go over several of these. We are gaining share in the medical 
ultrasound market by providing higher integration and smaller footprint products. We have solutions for every socket in 
the analog portion to transmit and receive channels. And this is enabling us to replace incumbent suppliers. 

Maxim is one of the two suppliers able to meet the time keeping accuracy specification of current generation multi-rate 
electricity meters. The broader build out in China will most likely need similar accuracy. The deployment of these new 
meters will drive an overall demand for our product that is roughly five times greater than current demand. In the 
industrial security space, the synergy between Maxim's analog functions and the visual video compression technology 
Informobilogen is becoming evident. For example, our new IP camera reference design includes 14 Maxim parts 
providing a complete system solution for this end market. 

In closing, I would like to reiterate that given the ongoing economic uncertainty, we're managing our business 
carefully. We believe our current outperformance is an indication that Maxim will emerge from this downturn with 
strong momentum. Our dual pronged strategy of pursuing core analog products and complex ASSPs is enabling us to 


gain market share in the high-performance analog and mixed signal markets. We are convinced that innovation and 
high integration are the keys to our success. We will continue to invest in our future through in-house research and 
development and through strategic acquisitions. I will now turn the call back over to Paresh. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

That's the end of our prepared comments. Before we begin the Q&A, I'd like to announce that Maxim will be holding 
its Analyst Day in San Francisco on Wednesday, September 16, 2009 starting at 1 PM Pacific Time. Buy-side 
investment professionals and sell-side analysts are invited to attend. The date selected coincides with last day of the 
Deutsche Bank 2009 Technology Conference, thus allowing attendees from outside the San Francisco Bay Area to 
make efficient use of their time. 

We would like to thank Deutsche Bank for agreeing to coordinate these two events. We will issue a separate press 
release shortly that will provide additional details. We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one 
question with one follow-up. Operator, please begin polling for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Romit Shah from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I've got a couple questions specifically 
on gross margins. Bruce, is it fair to say at this point that the June quarter will mark the bottom for gross margin? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Well, as you know, we're not giving guidance for Q1. Certainly the impact of the Dallas fab as 
we said, drives about a one point gross margin hit just due to the under utilization of that fab. We're also continuing to 
run our fabs below consumption in order to drive down inventory, but overall with the stability that we've seen in 
revenue and bookings, we're hopeful that we've gotten to the bottom. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: I know there's not a lot of visibility, but if you think about the pluses and minuses that impact 
gross margin, it seems like you've gotten more tailwinds going into September with DSO coming down, the Dallas 
utilization charge coming off. Is that a fair assumption? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, let me take that. I think that, I mean, the pluses I think you've got correctly. But we do have, 
remember that the largest lever on gross margin is actually the product mix we got. And frankly, we're in a period right 
now where we're seeing nice revenue growth from most of our consumer and computing markets. And those are the 
markets where historically the margins have been lower. So we've got these competing effects going on getting more 
leverage because of the Dallas closure, but also some effects from product mix because of the higher content of 
consumer and computing. So that's why we're really not able to give gross margin guidance for Q1. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: The other thing, Romit, this is Bruce. We're seeing actually industrial right now being down in 
Q4. Certainly below seasonality. So trying to predict when that market picks back up, I think, is going to be a key 
variable that we just don't know the answer at this time. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Yes, I'm surprised. I would have thought utilization would have a bigger impact on your gross 
margins and your mix. If I could just ask a follow-up question on operating expenses. You mentioned in the press 
release that you're going to manage expenses tightly given the environment. Would you -- should we expect operating 
expenses to hover around the 165 to $170 million level for the remainder of the year or is that going to be dependent on 
how sales perform in the second half? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Well, one of the key drivers that usually drives an increase in our operating expenses in the 
second half of the year is our merit increase. And we announced today that we will not have a merit increase this year. I 


would say additional pluses or minuses in our operating expenses partly will depend on sales. But that's something as 
we've said we continue to watch very closely. We had the significant head count reduction at the beginning of this 
month. So again, I think it's something that we're continuing to manage very closely. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Romit, one thing I do want to add to that is that even though we absolutely, as Bruce said, we will 
continue to manage our costs, some of the measures we took temporarily during Q3 and Q4, we eventually do have to 
unwind those, because they are having a adverse effect on our product development efforts. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Hello. 

Operator 

I think you might have your phone on mute. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Yes, can you hear me? 

Operator 

Yes sir. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Two questions. Let me just start by asking you about the cell phone opportunities that you have had. 
Can you tell me where, by region or possibly by type of phones also where you have seen this share gain and how 
much more headroom do you see to gain share? Because you've been very strong with the Koreans and are you 
essentially seeing your footprint expand outside of that? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, I'll take that. First of all, you're right, I mean, most of our previous cell phone business, 
we've had a lot of strength and lot of revenue from our Korean customers. Most of our revenues do come from 
high-end phones or smartphones although we do have on medium tier phones we have revenues as well. We are seeing 
an expansion of the customers that we're beginning to get design wins in. So it's not strictly limited to Korea anymore. 
So from my viewpoint, especially with our more advanced products, higher integration ASSPs, we have traction there. 

We also are beginning to get some traction in some of the other cell phone suppliers. Additionally, as we were 
describing last year, we've expanded our footprint from basically the narrowband CDMA market into the 3G UNTS 
and Edge phones. So we see the possibility in the future absolutely to be able to get more share. We're still a fairly 
small percentage of the overall available market for cell phones. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: And let me just follow-up with a different question in communication. Bruce, you mentioned, and 
Tunç you also mentioned about the pause in infrastructure business. How -- you described it as -- I'm not sure if I heard 
it correctly, as slight pause. Do you have an idea as to what the delta in terms of bookings would be? How long the 
pause will rise, will last? And how long in terms of when this will return in terms of demand for the infrastructure 
business out of Asia? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, the way we characterize it, I just said Phase A and Phase B. Essentially, part of the Chinese 
stimulus package was to spend in the infrastructure both for base stations and for wired infrastructure in China. And the 
first phase of this was really to roll it out, especially in the larger cities and the Phase B was really to get it to other 
cities in the country. And what we had is we saw a lot of uptick from our customers both in China and in Europe phase 

A. 

And what we're seeing now -- what we're hearing from our customers is that all of this investment needs to get 
absorbed a little bit before they get to the next phase. We don't exactly know how long it's going to take, but early 
indications that we're getting is that it's not going to be very long so maybe a quarter or two, in that range. So that's 
about the extent of our information and we're getting this, as I told you before, from our customers both in Europe and 
in China. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yes. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations and thanks for taking my question. Just quickly, 
Bruce, I wonder when you look at the upside in the March quarter and the guidance for June, can you help me 
understand what you think is just overall market growth off the destocking or cyclical bottom versus kind of share 
gains, especially with some of the new sockets and handsets for you guys. And then also whether or not the layering in 
of some of these acquisitions is positively influencing the June guidance. Then I have a follow up. Thanks. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So as far as the difference between the market share gains versus restocking, certainly it's tough 
to answer. In our cell phone business that's clearly a combination of both some level of restocking, they took inventory 
levels down, plus a clear gain of market share. I think in the notebook and display segment, I think that one was more 
of a restocking, from our perspective. And what was your second question? 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Just on the acquisition side Bruce, whether or not -- how that might be influencing the guidance? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: I mean, certainly we have from the Innova and from the Zilog product lines there is probably 
five million maybe a little bit more that we're getting some benefit from in the Q4 quarter. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then guys as my follow-up, Bruce, can you talk a little bit, given some of the cost savings, 
both variable and structural that you're going through, help me understand kind of the gross margin, out margin profile 
you're targeting and kind of what revenue levels we need to see to kind of get to those target margins? Thanks. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: I mean, I think you know our long-term business model is to have kind of 60% plus GAAP gross 
margin and sort of have OpEx at 30 to 32%, GAAP numbers and then ending up with sort of a 30% operating margin. 
Obviously, with revenue down 32% over the last two quarters, we're off those numbers. We've been aggressively 
reducing our costs as evidenced by what we did, $17 million cost reduction in OpEx in Q3, shutting down on the Dallas 
fab and we're continuing those efforts along the way. Where the kind of the revenue recovery and cost reductions 
intercept? I think that's difficult to predict at this time. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. When we think about the gross margin, you said it's 
going to be about flattish plus you said 52% and that's down because of the under utilization at Dallas, is that the right 
way to think about that? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yeah, we said 52% plus or minus 150 basis points. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: So are you going to -- does that incorporate a utilization benefit to the rest of your network from 
the higher revenue run rate in the June quarter? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yes, it does. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: And then -- you said a two point benefit thereafter from the closure of the Dallas fab, so is that 
what we should be thinking about for September plus any utilization increases? 


<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: I think for September, obviously, the 12 million of the accelerated depreciation goes away. And 
then over Q1, Q2 that 10 million quarterly spending will come out of the model, but when you think about it just for 
Q1, right, there's still going to be some flow through of the variances and there's still from some decommissioning 
expense. I think the right way to think of Dallas is that was kind of 15% of our capacity that we've now taken offline 
and which will then allow, all else being equal, the kind of 56, 57% that we're forecasting for Q4, that'll allow our 
utilizations to go up to 70 plus percent. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Yeah, Craig, though I want to caution you. I mean, there's a lot of moving parts in gross margins. 
So even though Bruce correctly answered your question on Dallas, there are a lot of other effects on our gross margins 
as I answered when Romit asked the same question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thank you. You talked a lot about the handset business and it will be helpful if you can 
provide some rough numbers for us to understand your extent of your market share gain. The first question I have is 
that, the handset itself, do you expect that to grow for you year-over-year this year? On a calendar year basis, sorry. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: On a calendar year basis, yeah, the handset revenues, we do expect it definitely to grow for us 
from the calendar year '08 to calendar year '09. And what's behind that is two things. One of them is the fact that we've 
expanded our footprint into different generations of phones at our largest customers. 

And another effect that's really helping us is that our customers, especially the Korean customers themselves are 
gaining share even though this year the total handset unit sales are expect to decline -- the customers that we have in 
Korea, their unit sales is actually not declining and some of them are even increasing. So we're getting a double benefit 
from this. Our footprints increase with those and also those customers are doing quite well in the market or projected to 
do well in the market this calendar year. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And other question I have is that on, what is the TAM for the market you're targeting and 
as you integrate more functionality is that TAM also increasing? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, our estimates for the analog mixed signal available market is about roughly in the range of 
about $3 times a billion phones roughly. So that's the analog mixed signal portion. And that is made up of a lot of 
different products, some of them are component level parts and some of them are highly integrated like the products 
that we're going after. So and that roughly defines the size of the overall market in broad strokes. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yes, thank you. I have two questions. First of all, on the industrial business, I recognize that 
was down sequentially and expect it to continue to go down but are you seeing the actual decline slowing down in that 
end market or is it actually accelerating? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Tore, this is Bruce. I think one of the things we look at there is sort of the end market bookings 
of our distributors, customers on the distributors. We're still seeing those end market bookings declining. So we haven't 
seen the stabilization there that we've seen in the other markets. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Great. And then as a follow-up on the tax rate, I recognize you're going to have another tax 
provision of 10 to 12 million in the June quarter. But should we still assume that the tax rate is 35%? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: So I think the way to think about it -- and we think is let's just say for FY '10. I think 35% is 
the right tax rate and then you have on top of that this incremental charge related to the international restructuring. 


<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Okay. Great quarter. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Thanks, guys and congrats on a solid quarter. I'm just wondering, Bruce, on the inventory side 
of the equation, it looks like your inventory is down about 9% year-over-year. Your revenues are down about 30% and 
given that you're upsiding on the revenue side of the equation, why shouldn't we expect inventory to come down a little 
bit more? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Well, we have brought it down the last three quarters. We're going to continue to bring it down. 
We're just working out as best we can. Our goal is to get it -- our long-term goal is to get our days of inventory down 
under 100 and we are running utilizations below demand in order to achieve that. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: And I guess on the follow-up question, not to beat a dead horse, but on the OpEx side of things, 
if we just started from the apples-to-apples 121 in R&D and 49 in SG&A, going into the fourth and fiscal first quarter, 
how should we think about that including the ESO benefit? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Well, I think what we said from a -- for the fourth quarter, basically we saw a flat and then when 
including the ESO benefit of down two to three, so we should be down about two to three million for Q4. And then Q1, 
again, we talked about we're not having our merit increase. But beyond that, and I think Tunç mentioned, at some point 
we have to start unwinding some of these temporary measures. The unpaid days off one is particularly troubling 
because it just causes a productivity hit with our engineers. Having said that, depending on what revenue does, is we're 
continuing to look for ways to offset that impact. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Rakesh, from ThinkEquity. 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: Yes. It's a good quarter, but looking at your handset side, as you pick up share at LG and 
Samsung, can you tell us of any other Tier 1 OEMs that you see as you -- that you could be adding here as we go 
through the rest of the year? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, we've got, I mean, you counted the major ones there, but essentially we have design wins 
with virtually all of the top five handset suppliers. And we're also working on the one that we really didn't have that 
much of a relationship before as well. So I think that we've got, our footprint is really not just limited to Korea any 
more. We're getting wins at other customers as well. And I think that in the future our dependence on Korea will -we're 
working on at least getting it down so that we're more diversified in terms of a customer base. And we're making 
really good strides in that direction. 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: And one last question, on the medical side, it looks like that's a new market for you, should pick 
up share there, let's say in China and Korea. How was the gross margins on those, on that product line? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: I'm sorry. Are you asking about the medical product line or -


<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: Yeah. Margins on medical product line. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay, well I think the comment is that the gross margins are good. They're better than the 
consumer market, clearly, but precise numbers we're not really able to give. Most of those products are built typically 
on very unique process technologies. So when you look at the available suppliers it's really a very short list and that 
enables us to be able to get fairly good gross margins on those types of products. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Sumit Dhanda from Banc of America. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Hi, Bruce, I had a couple of questions. The first one was on gross margins. I just want to make 
sure I got this right. So apples-to-apples as we go from Q3 to Q4, no change in the accelerated depreciation of about 12 
million. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Correct. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: But you do get a $10 million cost save. And then you get a one-point hit because of lower 
utilization in Dallas. Is that right? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So the middle part, not exactly. We do have, the 12 million continues for one more quarter in 
Q4. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Right. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: And then that goes away. So that's the last quarter impact of that. Due to the FAS 151 under 
utilization, right, that is about a one point hit to our gross margin in Q4 over Q3. As far as the spending goes, you really 
need to think about that as just kind of overall spending. Obviously that kind of goes through inventory and through 
your variances and what we're really doing is we're taking $10 million of spending kind of input out of our system. And 
we'll achieve that benefit fully over time. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. So -


<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So to be clear, I want to make sure you're not thinking that you're going to get a $10 million 
saving in Q4. Because that's not how it is going to be achieved. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay, maybe you could tell us how much of that saving is flowing through in Q4? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So when we think about Q4, I think the right way to think about is you have this charge for 
underutilization which is about one point. Everything else that's kind of being built in that quarter is either going to be 
capitalized to inventory or it will have – it'll go through variances and flow out over a couple quarters. So the spending 
itself is coming down as we've lowered head count and begun to take some equipment offline. So the spending is 
coming down already in Q4 from 10 million to about 6.5 million. But that doesn't necessarily equate directly to the 
P&L. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay, so then fair to assume that over time that 10 million benefit does show up which should – 
which theoretically adds to gross margins at the current revenue run rate by almost three points or so? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yeah, again I think the right way to think about the Dallas fab closure is essence you're taking 
out $10 million per quarter, 40 million a year, but what you really doing is taking down 15% out of your utilization. So 
then at a lower revenue run rate, you're now able to run more efficiently. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Smigie from Raymond James. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Great. Thanks. I was wondering if you could talk about what the tax rate will be here in the 
quarter and what will look like going forward as we transition over to the new model? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Sure. When we look at for Q4, the GAAP tax rate is probably, think of it that on an annual basis 
our GAAP profit is relatively low. And then you add in there the R&D tax credit. So what that says is that the GAAP 
tax rate will probably be less than 10%. Then you have to add on the tax provision impact of the international 
restructuring. In FY '10, we're expecting obviously to go back to a normalized tax rate of about 34%, 33 to 35% and 


then in addition to that you would layer on the impact of the international restructuring. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: But won't that tax rate be coming down over time? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Yeah, if you look at our tax rate long-term, the best way to maybe look at is, we have peer 
companies that have already done this international tax structure and they're typically in the range of 20 to 30%. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay. And just one other quick one. I think you had some four million of option expense related 
to litigation, just wondering if that litigation expense is going to be going down going forward? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yes, we do expect that to decline over time. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: I mean, is that [audio break] . 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, exactly when it's going to completely go away, it's very difficult to predict. So it could be 
with us for a while. In other words it's not going to go away next quarter or so. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instruction] Our next question comes from Terence Whalen from Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first one relates to something you mentioned in the 
script regarding the meter reading opportunity. Can you give us an idea of the size of that market in terms of units and 
dollars and also an indication of, as a portion of revenue what might that be? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, Terence, I mean, in general we don't like giving out those sizes or at least those sizes for us 
because of competition. But in that market we expect just in China alone with this new stimulus package and this new 
wave of installation of these meters, we expect it to be in the range of about 150 million new meters being added in the 
next three or four years. But I think I'd rather not talk about what our ASPs are in that. So that's roughly the size. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay, thanks, Tunç. And then my follow-up question is, it's very apparent that you're doing 
quite well in handset with a number of different products, at the Korean customers in particular. That benefit is really 
the result of many years of R&D redirection that you've been working on, Tunç. Can you perhaps give us an idea of 
maybe an additional market which you could recreate the success that you've had in handset, what would be the next 
market that you feel like you're really gaining traction and that might translate to market share gains down the road? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Yeah, that's -- I think the best way to answer that question is probably at our Analyst Day, 
frankly, because clearly the cell phone -- the handset market is very visible and large and we can talk about it. But 
many of the areas where we can increase our revenue and increase our market share are clearly smaller in size 
comparatively speaking. So I think that the best way or the best forum to talk about that is going to be at our Analyst 
Day. So I really urge you to come and visit us at that day and we will give you a much broader area of where our 
opportunities are and where we have differentiated technologies. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay, thanks and nice job. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Jefferies. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Good afternoon, guys, just want to make sure I understand the gross margin a little bit more. The 
accelerated depreciation adds about, I think you said 3.4%. The $10 million in COGS is about a 2.5% benefit and then 
the extra utilization is about 1%. So you add all that together, get 7%. You guided 47 to 50. So you should get range of 
54 to 57 and, at about 70% utilization and then to go from that level up to the 60 is – it's just the additional utilization? 


<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So again, I think the right way to think about the – yes, you're correct on the 12 million, right. 
That's clearly, that's going to go away. That's easy. Yes, the kind of the one point due to the FAS 151 goes away in Q1, 
so that answer is correct as well. I think on the kind of the 10 million in spending, that sort of comes out on the input 
side, you get that benefit over time as you are now running the Company, the fabs at 70% utilization versus 57% 
utilization. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. And then, Tunç, you mentioned twice, you cautioned about, I guess, product mix to 
consumer. Were you referring to just the straight mix, to that lower margin bucket, or are you talking about as new 
products come in you expect the margin in consumer to decline a little bit? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, I was really talking about the fact that we have, a lot of our revenue growth, especially this 
quarter, is coming from the consumer and computing markets. So we said that industrial was going to be essentially 
down. So that is putting pressure on the overall gross margin, average gross margin for the Company. So I think that 
that will have, in my opinion, a greater impact, especially in this near-term until the industrial business comes back on 
our gross margins. That's why I'm cautioning against doing a lot of calculations using the Dallas fab closure. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: I got it. And then just finally on the cellular side. The analog baseband, you have a lot of 
strength now, but it's a lot of different parts. How's the progress with analog baseband and the ramps of those wins? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, the [inaudible] or baseband products that we've introduced, they're doing quite well. We've 
got multiple design wins with those types of products that are actually beginning to ramp now. Some of them already 
began to ramp in our fiscal Q2, but customers took some precautions to control their inventory. But those are back now 
beginning to ramp again into production. So those products are doing quite well. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from Craig Berger from FBR Capital. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys, thanks. Can you just tell me what happened to interest income this quarter and what 
you expect for the forward quarters? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Sure. Interest income was still right around a couple million dollars. This quarter you can see it 
actually shows we had, in that same line item, we had an FX loss due to the yen depreciation. But we should expect 
around that similar level of around two million going forward. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Great. That's -- and anything on share count? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: No, we were at 307, it should continue around that level. Excuse me, 304 for Q3 and it might go 
up slightly in Q4. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hey, guys. On the tax rate side of things, how long do you expect that $9 million charge for the 
change structure to persist before you actually transition over to the lower tax rate? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Ross, that's going to happen over time. And so as we kind of work through fiscal year '10, we'll 
start to achieve more benefits on the international side, kind of predicting that exactly quarter-by-quarter. But I think 
the way to think about it is in fiscal year '10, probably the cost will be greater than the benefit and when we get out to 
fiscal year '11, the benefits will start -- will be greater than the cost and that will just continue to improve until we get to 
the kind of the 20 to 30% range that Tunç mentioned. 


<Q - Ross Seymore>: And it's relatively a linear process throughout even fiscal year '11 or it kind of blends down or 
does it step down to say at 25%? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: At this point, Ross, it's too difficult for us to be able to predict how that goes. Obviously, we're 
going to try to implement the structure as fast as possible. I think as you know, we're about ready to go live with SAP at 
the end of this quarter. And so that's impacting our ability to do this as fast as possible. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: And is that $9 million number the right amount for the charges and that just disappears or does 
that actually kind of step down? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So when we look at, nine million was the amount for Q3. For Q4, we gave a range of about 10 
to 12 million. That number will step down as you go through fiscal year '10. Overall, fiscal year '10 will still be net – 
it'll be dilutive and in fiscal year '11 it'll be accretive. And again, it's difficult for us to be able at this point to give you 
kind of quarter-by-quarter forecast for that. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yep. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Terence Whalen from Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. The question's on utilization, you said utilization would go to 
70% next quarter from 57% mainly because of the effect of taking the Dallas capacity offline. I guess my question is if 
we were to put that aside, how would core utilization be quarter-to-quarter? Are you letting the revenue upside just take 
down your inventory, how do you balance getting to that 100 day target as you see sales recover over the next several 
quarters? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, okay so I think we have a niche strategy here. We do want to draw down our inventory. But 
we also have to continue to utilize our fabs because we have a lot of new products that are ramping, especially in the 
handset market, of which we don't have a lot of inventory. So we've kind of balanced the two so that we do draw down 
inventory somewhat but also have enough utilization so that we can produce these -- especially these new products that 
are ramping. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. And then a follow-up on stock compensation expense, from a very high level, what's 
the correct balance in terms of, as a percentage of revenue or of expense and maybe on an annual basis how might that 
trend over the next couple years? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yes. We're trying to get that down to -- for calendar year '10, get it down to about, starting in Q1 
of calendar year '10, get it down to $25 million. And then a year later, Q1 of calendar year '11, get it down to about 20. 
So we're continuing to try to lower that number. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks. That's helpful. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from Sumit Dhanda from Bank of America. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Hi, Bruce. I hate to go back to this. But I was just looking at your conference call transcript 
from the last quarter and there you guys had indicated that you're going to see a very large benefit in the first quarter to 
gross margins as that $10 million spend goes away and you get the benefit from the fall off of the accelerated 
depreciation. So I guess my question is really what's changed other than what ostensibly seems to be an even bigger 
pick up in revenue than you had forecasted three months ago. 


<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: I think nothing's changed. We clearly from the first question on this, we will see a benefit in Q1 
from the Dallas fab. I think the only thing that we're just wanting to make sure people understand is that there's more to 
our gross margin than the Dallas fab. But clearly the $12 million accelerated depreciation savings we get, the FAS 151 
savings we get, and over time the running at 15% better utilizations will help our gross margins as well. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: And then what's sort of the road map to get you to 60% plus on a GAAP basis? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Right. So that's a combination of both one revenue growth and then obviously as we said before 
in addition to the Dallas fab we made additional reductions at our other fabs basically at the end of March. And so 
we're going to continue to manage our spending in the fabs in order to kind of get back in line with demand such that 
we can get back to the 60% gross margin at a reasonable level. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: We also do need the industrial market to pick up, because that's a high gross margin business for 
us. And that needs to come into the mix and when that happens that will also help us. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: I had one last question on the OpEx front where you talked about savings actions initiated in the 
last quarter. I think you'd said that you'd see a 10 million benefit into Q4 or reduction into Q4. But you highlighted 
some offsets in the call. I guess, how should we really think about that or is the heavy lifting on the benefit to OpEx 
done and now we're going to repeal some of these temporary benefits that you've seen? And I guess, were these offsets 
that you talked about not forecasted going into the conference call? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo>: So when we talked about the $10 million reduction and just to kind of reconcile that. We 
overachieved by 2.5 million in Q3. We had targeted 15 million. We actually brought it down by 17.5 million. We did 
do a large RIF at the beginning of April, which saves us about another $5 million. And then the two offsets to that, one 
is some spending associated with our increased revenue from the Zilog acquisition and just from the increased 
profitability and therefore the increased bonus accrual that goes along with that. And then the final item is, there's just 
some variable spending going on right now for some external R&D projects, which we'll obviously look at and look to 
reduce that spending as well. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. So fair to say that the impact from the Zilog acquisition was not forecasted on the last 
conference call? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: As was – the revenue wasn't forecasted, either. 

<Q - Sumit Dhanda>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<A - Paresh Maniar>: We'll make this the last question of the call. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Go ahead, Tore. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yeah, great thank you. Just coming back to gross margin, so if we do assume that industrial 
does come back and sort of normalizes the mix, at what revenue level, given the new fab structure, would you need to 
get to in order to achieve 60% gross margin? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yeah, Tore, I think it's tough to predict exactly, but I think we've kind of talked before, but I 
think something in the 425 to 450 range probably gets you in the ballpark there. And again it's as well on the mix. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: And has to be on the right mix. So, Tore, it's really difficult to exactly say at what revenue level 
without knowing exactly what the mix is going to be. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: That's very helpful. Thank you very much. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay. 


Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you all for listening in to our conference call. We look forward to talking to you again next quarter. This is the 
end of our call. Thank you, Operator. 

Operator 

Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the 
program. You may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


