Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Romit Shah 
• Tore Svanberg 
• James Covello 
• Doug Freedman 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Blayne Curtis 
• Brett Piira 
• Venk Nathamuni 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to Maxim Integrated Products' Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's 
call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. Paresh 
Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our Fiscal Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. With me on 
the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making 
forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind 
you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future 
including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory 
and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, 
anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results, are forward-looking statements. 

If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar 
expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It's important to note that 
the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional 
information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC 
filings on Form 10-K for the year ended June 28, 2008. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirements, we have made time available for a 
question-and-answer period at the end of the call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management 
concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. 


We again request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A 
session. 

I'll now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. Despite the uncertain economic environment, we are pleased with our financial results for the fourth 
quarter. Our P&L and balance sheet results exceeded expectations. Our revenue performance over the last three 
challenging quarters is better than all of our peers. We believe this is continued proof that our strategy to target 
diversified end markets and invest in innovation and integration is working. 

Let me review our fourth quarter financial results. Revenue for the fourth quarter was 394.5 million, an increase of 16% 
from the third quarter and above the high-end of our expectations. Our consumer and computing end markets had 
strong revenue growth, industrial was up slightly, and communications was flat. Our revenue mix by end market in Q4 
was approximately 32% for consumer, 25% computing, 25% industrial and 18% communications. 

In the consumer end market, revenue exceeded expectation due to market share gains in cell phones with the continued 
ramp of power management, multimedia and multifunction design wins. We also saw strength in the LCD TV market. 

The computing end market benefited from the continued recovery in the notebook and display segments. 

In the communications end market, revenue was flat as the China base station business slowed as expected offset by 
growth in fiber optics. 

And finally, the industrial end market exceeded expectations by growing slightly as our distribution business in the 

U.S. and Europe began to stabilize. 
GAAP gross margin excluding special items was 53.1%, at the high end of our guidance. Gross margin benefited from 
higher revenue offset as expected by the FAS 151 accounting charge for the Dallas fab shutdown and higher consumer 
and computing product mix. Special items in GAAP gross margin was 18.9 million pre-tax for accelerated depreciation 
related to the closure of the Dallas wafer fab. This was higher than expected due to lower estimated salvage value for 
the Dallas equipment. Q4 was the final quarter for this charge. 

Operating expenses excluding special items were 168.1 million, a decline of 1.6 million from the prior quarter. As 
planned, we achieved savings from the prior quarter's head count reductions, lower stock-based compensation expense 
and continued overall tight controls over variable and discretionary spending. 

The Q4 GAAP tax rate excluding special items was 21%, which benefited from discrete items in the quarter. The Q4 
GAAP tax rate of 64% included an additional provision of 15.5 million for our new international structure with no 
current offsetting savings from our foreign subsidiary. GAAP earnings per share excluding special items was $0.11, up 
$0.10 from Q3 due to higher revenue, stable gross margin and lower operating expenses. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was 110.4 million or 28% of revenue. This reflects 9.3 million 
in severance payments, an 11.5 million increase in AR due to revenue growth. Free cash flow was 78.5 million, 
covering 61 million in dividend payments. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment increased by 15.1 
million in the fourth quarter to 913.4 million. 

Inventory declined by 22 million or 9% due to our continued actions in the quarter. Days of inventory decreased to 107 
days, approaching our 100-day target. We expect the inventory to decline again in Q1. Days sales outstanding 
improved to 48 days, as linearity improved compared to Q3. 

Capital expenditures totaled 36.5 million in Q4. For the full year, fiscal year '09 capital expenditures were 129 million, 
a 39% decline from fiscal year '08. On August 5 our Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend for the fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2009 of $0.20 per share, approximately a 4.5% yield. 


It is worth noting that during a very difficult economic environment, fiscal year '09 cash flow from operations was 

445.8 million or 27% of revenue. Free cash flow was 310.4 million, covering the 248.5 million in dividend payments. 
This is further evidence of the strength of our business model. 
Moving on to guidance, during Q4 our bookings increased by 22%. Our beginning current quarter backlog for Q1 is 
278 million, an increase of 18% from the prior quarter. Based on our beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast 
Q1 revenue to be 415 million to 445 million, an increase of 5% to 13% sequentially. We expect the largest increase in 
the consumer end market with continued market share gains in cell phones and growth in LCD TVs. 

The computing end market will benefit from continued stabilization in notebooks and growth in financial terminals. 
The communications end market is expected to be up slightly, with continued growth in fiber optics and a modest 
resumption in base stations, offset by slight declines in other market segments. The industrial end market is expected to 
be up slightly as bookings from end customers on U.S. and European distributors stabilize. 

For Q1 gross margin, the key driver is the increased utilization from the higher revenue and the Dallas fab shutdown, 
offset by lagging industrial demand and growth in consumer and computing. As a result, Q1 GAAP gross margin is 
estimated at 54.5%, plus or minus 150 basis points. We do not expect any special items in Q1. 

For operating expenses, we continue to control costs. First, stock-based compensation expense is expected to decline in 
Q1. Second, as previously announced, the annual merit pay increases that we normally award in September will not 
occur this year. And third, our 401(k) company matching program remains suspended. The above actions will be offset 
by the elimination of the one week unpaid time off and by increased design activity resulting in higher mask expense. 
Overall, we expect operating expenses to be up slightly. 

Our expected tax rate excluding special items for Q1 is approximately 36%. In addition, we expect approximately 13 to 
17 million additional tax provision for international restructuring. For GAAP earnings per share excluding special 
items, we expect a range of 0.10 to $0.16. 

In Q1 we again expect strong cash flow from operations offset by dividends, potential share repurchases, possible 
acquisitions and payments for capital equipment. 

Capital expenditures in the current year will be managed within our target of five to 7% of revenue. We expect 
inventory to decline again in Q1 for the fifth consecutive quarter and we expect days of inventory to drop below our 
target of 100 days. 

Looking forward, our ongoing market share gain and continued investment in innovation and high integration product 
position us well for above average revenue and profit growth. 

I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce. And thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. Let me begin by saying that I am 
extremely pleased with the company's execution during the June quarter. One, revenue was above expectations. Two, 
revenue performance versus year-ago quarter was better than peers. Three, gross margin was higher than projected. 
Four, operating expenses declined. Five, inventory declined significantly and we are now close to our 100 days target. 
And six, the Dallas fab shutdown was completed to the schedule we set 18 months ago. I continue to be very confident 
that Maxim will emerge from the current downturn an even stronger player in the analog and mixed-signal market. 

Let me first summarize bookings activity during Q4. We saw bookings growth in our consumer business, driven by 
market share gains both by us and by our end customers. The computing market orders recovered substantially from Q3 
levels as customers brought their inventory in line with improved end market demand. Communications market 
bookings were flat, and the industrial market bookings grew modestly over depressed Q3 levels. Additionally, orders 
placed on our distributors stabilized. We interpret all this to be indicative of broadening semiconductor demand 
recovery. 


Turning to channel inventory, the consumer, computing and communications end market channel inventory appears to 
have returned to normal levels. We expect orders and shipments to reflect consumption. Inventory in the distribution 
channel, which primarily serves our industrial customers, is at its lowest level in five quarters. Consequently, we expect 
inventory replenishment orders to be an incremental positive for our industrial business near term. 

Next, I will provide additional color regarding our four major markets. I will pick a few representative segments in 
each one. 

First, let's go over consumer. Q4 bookings for this end market showed significant sequential growth and exceeded 
bookings of the year-ago quarter. LCD TVs are enjoying strong demand due to China's stimulus package. Furthermore, 
attractive LCD TV pricing is fueling demand in other parts of the world. We supply gamma buffers, VCOM buffers 
and integrated power management functions to the leading manufacturers in this space. 

In the cell phone segment, our audio and power management ICs continues to gain share at major feature phone 
customers. Design wins in the recently introduced smartphones are ramping nicely. The latest design win resulted from 
our first single-chip mini analog baseband product capable of supporting both the communications and the applications 
processor in dual processor smartphones. Our stand-alone audio codec design win completed the analog baseband 
function for this application. Most importantly, due to our recently introduced innovative products, major smartphone 
and feature phone customers are approaching us to provide unique solutions to fulfill their demanding requirements. 

Our strategy of delivering innovative building block products and high-value added multifunction products, such as 
analog baseband chips, has been very effective. We leave behind many smaller competitors that do not have the 
innovative designs and IP diversity. We also compete effectively against chipset providers that lack the analog 
performance. 

An interesting new device that we have just started shipping into the cell phone space is a USB multiplexing IC. It 
combines charging, audio and USB data transfer capabilities into a USB port. This device was recently designed into a 
large number of phone models at a top five handset manufacturer. 

Our new model gauge battery pack fuel gauging technology continues to ramp up in a wide array of battery powered 
products ranging from cameras to handsets, and is shipping in high volumes. This proprietary technology provides the 
most accurate indicator of remaining battery life at a very attractive cost, driving quick adoption in many applications 
and multiple customers. 

Second, let me discuss computing. We experienced a sizeable sequential bookings increase in the computing market 
during Q4, with the notebook segment leading the way for reasons I discussed earlier. 

Let me now explain some recent design wins. A new USB port product recently won designs at two top-tier notebook 
manufacturers and is expected to ramp into production shortly. This Maxim device enables a USB port on a notebook 
PC to act as a charger for external devices such as cell phones even when the notebook is powered off. 

We have also been winning designs in our newest generation of battery fuel gauging products for notebook batteries. 
Designed in our new in-house low cost flash technology, these products provide the best combination of high precision 
and lowest battery current drain. This enables our customers to achieve the most accurate and smallest fuel gauge 
algorithms in the market. 

In the financial terminal segment our secure microcontroller product is driving order growth, because of its proprietary 
tamper-proof features. 

Additionally, the integration of both the Zilog product line and the Innova Card acquisitions are progressing as planned 
and increasing our bookings. 

In the high-end server segment, we're seeing bookings upside in our power management products. Tier one customers 
have designed in our low-input voltage point-of-load DC-DC converter products that take advantage of our proprietary 
power management processes to provide the best balance of efficiency and price. 


Another source of strength in servers is our high-speed redriver products, which enable higher data communication by 
addressing the problem of signal loss over longer data lines. We have won designs at two major server customers. 
Additionally, these redrivers have design wins in the notebook and desktop PC markets as well. 

Our expanders and baseboard management controller product bookings have increased two quarters in a row, driving 
revenue growth in our storage product line. Recent design wins are now ramping as customers roll out new programs 
and complete inventory adjustments. 

Third, communications. As expected, bookings were sequentially flat in Q4 due to the pause in the China infrastructure 
build-out offset by increases in the network datacom and telecom markets bookings. Specifically, we saw increased 
orders for our products that go into fiber-optic modules. 

Finally, let me discuss the industrial segment. As noted earlier, industrial bookings were up moderately in Q4. It 
appears that inventory destocking by distributors has come to an end. Automotive market bookings rebounded in Q4 
following two very weak quarters. We continue to view automotive as a good growth driver in the future for us. The 
increasing electronic content for safety, comfort and fuel efficiency demand high performance analog technology 
where we add value. 

We introduced two hybrid-electronic battery monitoring products in July. Customers in both Japan and Europe that had 
been working with prerelease samples have already designed these products into their lithium-ion projects. 

Currently, we're seeing steady business in our automotive LED lighting products at multiple European and U.S. 
customers. We expect growth in the latter half of the year in LED lighting in two other areas: replacing halogen MR16 
bulbs to illuminate commercial spaces and large display backlighting such as in TVs. 

Finally, with respect to the industrial market, actions taken in 2008 to enable us to reach more small and medium-sized 
customers are yielding results. To evaluate our progress we track distribution design registration dollars and the number 
of new customers as leading indicators. Both have been steadily rising quarter over quarter since we started the 
program in March of 2008. We expect revenue from these registrations to follow these leading indicators. I am pleased 
to see the revenue from these programs, though modest now, has started to materialize. 

In closing, we remain convinced that innovation and integration are the keys to our long-term success. Our balanced 
strategy to participate in all four major markets is paying off as strong growth in certain markets offset lagging sectors. 
Similar to last year, in the fiscal year just started we will invest approximately half of our R&D in industrial and 
communications markets and the other half in consumer and computing. Maxim employees have been executing this 
strategy very well and results are beginning to show. 

I'll turn the call back to Paresh now. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

That's the end of our prepared remarks. Before we begin the Q&A, I'd like to remind you that Maxim will be holding 
its Analyst Day in San Francisco on Wednesday, September 16, 2009 starting at 1 PM Pacific Time. In addition to 
being very informative, this event will present a unique opportunity to meet Maxim executives in person during the 
reception following the presentation. Please note that pre-registration is required for Analyst Day. Pre-registration will 
close on September 4 to enable us to make the necessary arrangements for the reception. Please see our press release 
dated July 15 for the pre-registration link. We look forward to seeing you in San Francisco. 

We'd now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Operator, please begin 
polling for questions. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Romit Shah from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Hi, Tunç, hi, Bruce, very nice quarter. Bruce, I had a question on the gross margin guidance, does 
the 53 to 56% guidance for fiscal Q1 include the FAS 151 charge going away? Is that roughly a point? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, it does include that going away. It ended up being about 70 
basis points. So just under a point. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. And then I would assume you would also get some savings, maybe a few million dollars 
from the Dallas fab closure in Q1 as well? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct. When we look at that, it's about 50 basis points we 
see. And as we've talked before, Romit, that savings in those fixed costs, that comes through in favorable variances 
which we get the benefit over probably two to three quarters as that gets rolled out. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. My question is, excluding that savings and the one-time roll-off of FAS 151, it looks like 
you're guiding gross margins essentially flat on what is pretty solid revenue growth, and so I was just hoping to get a 
little bit more color on where utilizations may be going and what kind of impact we're seeing from product mix? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I mean, you're right. The 150 basis point up guidance, you 
can really kind of look at that as the Dallas FAS 151 charge going away and the increased utilization. I think the couple 
of issues that are impacting us right now, the product mix, we've talked about that before. In Q1 the consumer and 
computing businesses are going to be over 60% of our revenue. So we've seen strong growth in those businesses with 
the industrial business continuing to lag. Ultimately, we expect the industrial business to pick up and for that to kind of 
revert back to a more balanced plan. 

For factory utilization, we're at about 70% in Q1, which is kind of where we expected as a result of shutting down the 
Dallas fab. However, when we look at some of the manufacturing lines that primarily support our industrial and 
communications product lines, those are around 55% utilization. 

The final couple of items that are impacting the Q1 gross margin. The first one is that we're ramping Epson 
aggressively. The business in the consumer and computing, a lot of that gets built at Epson, so we're ramping up Epson 
aggressively; that doesn't have the same incremental gross margin as filling up our own internal fabs. 

And finally, as I mentioned in my prepared comment, we are continuing to reduce inventory in Q1. So overall, as all of 
these items start to normalize, we're comfortable those are all going to provide a tailwind as we increase gross margin 
going forward. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: I guess just to follow up on that, why aren't you ramping up your own factories more aggressively 
given how strong your business appears to be today and given where inventories are? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Romit, hi, this is Tunç. I'll take that one. What we 
wanted to do – remember, we had a strategy that we would use an external strategic foundry partner so that when we 
had large sways in the consumer and computing business we could use that capacity in order to supply the customers 
and not have to spend a lot of capital ourselves in factories which could be idle when things slow down versus going 
up. So this gives us a lot more flexibility, and we are actually ramping both Epson and we're also ramping our San 
Antonio fab as well to support this demand. But as you might expect, both of our large fabs cannot make all products. 
So that requires that we be able to use the external and the internal fabs for ramping our production. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners. 


<Q - Tore Svanberg>: – quarter. Tunç, you mentioned that in consumer and computing it seems like now 
consumption is matching production, but it does seem like in industrial maybe you're running a little bit below. Could 
you just add some color there, do you think that that replenishment's going to sort of be completed in September or do 
you think it's more of a multi-quarter event? Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Tore. So that is kind of difficult to say. We don't 
have that much visibility. But what's clear is that the inventory levels there really have dropped significantly, and now 
we definitely are seeing some orders that are beginning to fill up that inventory channels at the distributors. How long 
that will take, it's really difficult for us to be able to predict that. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Good. And my follow-up question is for Bruce. Bruce, you mentioned CapEx around 5 to 7%, I 
mean, are we talking about maybe CapEx being down another 20, 30% in fiscal '10? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Well, again, that's going to partially be based on where the revenue 
comes in and what capacity we need. But clearly we do expect that CapEx will be down again in fiscal year '10, and 
20% is probably a good estimate. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great, guys. Good evening. Thanks so much for taking the question. Could you talk a little bit 
about lead times in the various segments? I don't think I heard you comment about that at all. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. This is Bruce. Lead times – our customer lead times were 
about the same as they were in the prior quarter. So we haven't seen too much of a change there. 

<Q - James Covello>: Even in the computing segment where business is very robust? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. The customer lead times have remained about the same. 

<Q - James Covello>: Terrific. And then if I could get maybe a little bit of granularity. I certainly heard what you said 
about a little bit of a pickup in the bookings in the industrial segment. Was that toward the end of the quarter, or was 
that a pretty consistent pickup throughout the quarter? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: I think we saw that kind of steadily improve over the quarter. So I 
think we went into the quarter where we saw end market bookings on our distributors with still in a kind of the 
declining mode, certainly from like a five week, 13 week average. And then as we proceeded through the quarter we 
saw that stabilize and actually saw a slight pickup in that, such that when we ended the quarter both from our point of 
view, we had – bookings were slightly up and even shipments were slightly up for the industrial market. 

<Q - James Covello>: That's awesome. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Yep. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. 

<Q>: Hi. This is Barak (28.58) for Uche. Just wondering given that your gross margin guidance is close to (29.04) 50 
to 56 for next quarter, can you detail your roadmap for 60% gross margin? And also could you explain as to how 
utilization and mix is going to play towards that goal? 


<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. As we kind of talked about with Romit at the beginning, I 
think if you kind of look at the three areas that are really going to drive that, first, obviously, is product mix. As that 
sort of removes to our targeted balance model, that will drive increases in the gross margin. Factory utilizations, and, 
again, that one's similar to the product mix in that it's the industrial business that's lagging, and as that product mix 
picks up, we'll be able to fill those manufacturing lines, which are running at the lower utilization. 

The third item there is that we're continuing to reduce inventory right now, and so we expect that by Q1 we'll be at our 
target inventory of less than 100 days, and so that once we stop that, that will also increase utilization. So we think all 
three of those items together will help us get to the 60% gross margin. 

One other item just to note, and it's more of an accounting issue, but as we achieve these higher utilizations and we start 
seeing these favorable variances, those get capitalized and amortized over two to three quarters. And so what happens 
is that as we're starting to see these variances now, we can see those positive variances building up on our balance 
sheet, and that's what gives us confidence that we'll be able to continue growing our gross margin going forward. 

<Q>: Okay. And coming back to the industrial markets, you indicated that you have taken certain actions to grow that 
market. Could you remind us what are the actions you have taken in that market, please? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is Tunç. Well, we took actions on several fronts. I 
think the most important action we took was that we decided that we needed to increase our reach into the customer 
base, especially the small and mid-size customers. And specifically, we decided to partner with one strong distribution 
partner worldwide, and we really started with U.S. and Europe, and that was Avnet. So we forged that partnership, we 
got closer, we gave more incentives to the distributor to go out and sell Maxim's products. They actually were 
extremely enthusiastic, because we had a very broad product line with over 6,000 parts that were very appropriate for a 
lot of our customers. So the most important industrial action we took was really mostly sales strategy changes we did in 
2008. 

Additionally, we put some more investments in that market in the last two years. We acquired a company called 
Mobilygen to get us into the security video recording area. We acquired a couple of companies for doing products for 
the financial terminal markets, these are a combination of both high security microcontrollers and microprocessors as 
well as the peripheral analog products that go into that market. So we did a combination of both sales and R&D 
investment, either internally, organically or by purchasing some outside companies to increase our investments in that 
area. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from Broadpoint AmTech. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Thanks, guys, for taking my questions. You've been several quarters now sort of restructuring 
the business, refocusing it, Tunç, can you talk the org structure changes you've made, if you're comfortable that the 
organization is presently sort of set? And then beyond that, how do we think about – you've been doing an excellent job 
controlling the expenses with sort of temporary type of actions here, you listed them in the preamble, at what revenue 
level do we sort of return to what I would call sort of normal spending behaviors? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So let me take that one at a time. So your first 
question was regarding are we properly organized to be competitive in the market and to execute our plans. So if you 
recall, we made changes to our organization in several stages, but the most important one occurred about a year and a 
half ago. And what that was was to align our business units better with the characteristics of the end markets they were 
serving. So we aligned them so that the business units in the product development organization's doing products for 
consumer and computing for instance. We're really emphasizing agility and getting product to market much faster than 
the other groups that were doing products that needed extremely high performance, and those were mainly for the 
industrial and communications markets. 


So that main change occurred about a year and a half ago. That has been very effective. Employees really rose to the 
challenge, they've done a great deal of work to reduce their product development cycle times. And it's the results you're 
seeing now are really the effects of those, getting to the market with the right products and the right time for the 
customers, and that's the winning formula for winning designs. 

So I think the organizational changes, I think we've made most of it. Employees inside always ask whether there's more 
coming. What's certain is that we always have to adapt, so there might be small changes that we do here and there to 
align the product lines better. But I think we're mostly in good shape in terms of our organizations and the management 
that's running those in terms of their capabilities and how those capabilities fit the particular characteristics of the 
markets they're serving. 

So your second question was mainly about expense control and how do we look forward to growing our – as the 
revenue grows, what do we do with OpEx? We really at this point we want to make sure that OpEx is growing, if it 
does grow at very, very slow rates compared to our revenue growth. So we absolutely want to get as much leverage as 
we can, especially in the next year, and our current plans are really to achieve that. We've got limited head count 
additions planned for next year. So I think that our plans are really to control that very well during fiscal year '10. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: And, Doug, this is Bruce. As far as the temporary measures that 
you referenced in your comment, the two biggest items that we had implemented, which was really the one week 
unpaid time off and mandatory vacation, those are both unwound in this quarter. So we're no longer requiring our 
employees to take mandatory vacation and we no longer requiring them to take a one week unpaid. So in the guidance 
that we gave, that's already – that spending's already back in the number. And so from that point of view, the majority 
of the temporary measures that we were looking to unwind, in the short-term we've done that. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Hi, guys. You guys mentioned that there is a slight impact to Q1 gross margins coming 
from a decrease in inventory. Could you quantify that? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It's very difficult to isolate that one item. Obviously that 
results in lower utilizations as we continue to bring down our inventory and build below our demand, but to isolate that 
and quantify that, we're not able to that. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay. Could you help us model taxes in September and beyond? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think the way to think about it is, when we look at our 
business, excluding special items – and just to make it clear, we're not forecasting when we look at both the gross 
margin or the OpEx, at this point in time we're not forecasting any special items, and so when we look at our tax rate, 
the way to think about that is a 36% tax rate on our business going forward, excluding special items. The one special 
item that we still have out there is the additional tax provision related to our international restructuring. And so as we've 
talked about before, we take a tax impact early on in this until we can ramp up our international business and we start 
achieving the savings of a lower tax rate on international revenue. 

So from that point of view, we gave guidance that for the first quarter that number would be in the range of 13 to 17 
million, and when we look out for the full year fiscal year '10 we expect that number to be about 60 to $70 million. And 
the way to model that with from a tax point of view is that's kind of the estimate for the full year and that will just get 
spread based on profitability for the full year. So really, so to think about it, 36% on our GAAP results excluding 
special items, and then to get to the full GAAP you just add in the additional provision for the international tax. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Great. And lastly, could you talk about what was your order linearity during Q4, and how 
does the order pattern look thus far into Q1? 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think in terms of our Q1, we prefer not to 
comment about Q1 at all because it's difficult to project from just a few weeks. In terms of our order linearity – I've got 
that somewhere... 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Usually you have June – so it's kind of traditional is that June's a – 
excuse me, that April is the highest in the quarter, right? And then it usually slows down a little bit. In this quarter, 
actually we saw more linearity. It was more steady throughout the quarter. And as Tunç said, we're not going to 
comment about – we usually don't like to try to comment about quarter-to-date bookings with – in this call. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Jefferies. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Good afternoon, guys. Great quarter. First, just I want to make sure I got the tax provision right. 
You said you did about 15 million for the Q1, so it's 60 to 70 for the full year. Is there a particular number that where 
you reach that and that drops off, or how does that trend as you go into fiscal '11? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: So once we get into fiscal year '11, we expect for the full year that 
will actually be accretive. So that 60 to 70 million charge in fiscal year '10 actually becomes a benefit in fiscal year '11. 
Because in essence, as we're starting to ramp up and shift business internationally, we'll start getting the benefit of the 
lower taxes on that international business, and we should see that benefit in fiscal year '11. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: So the charge actually accelerates a bit and then falls off sharply in fiscal '11? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Correct. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. And then just on stock comp, how should that trend in fiscal '10 and '11? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think we still have our target of 25 million a quarter. We had 
initially – our current estimate is that we'll get there probably in mid calendar year '10, either in the June or September 
quarter. And I think beyond that it's difficult to forecast. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Great. And then just finally for Tunç. You've seen a great pickup in your cellular 
business, you're seeing some traction with smartphones, particularly in Korea. Can you just kind of talk about what 
particular – is it you're seeing the most attach with – for the power management for the apps processor, are you're 
seeing – if you can give me maybe some rough mixes apps processor versus baseband? And you mentioned that you 
offer better functionality versus some of the baseband providers, maybe you can elaborate [audio gap] (42.45) looks 
like for that product? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You cut off just right at the end there, Blayne, but I 
think I understand the gist of the question. So we – I think our traction in the handset market really is on several fronts, 
first of all. I mean, we have design wins that have to do basically with some audio functions. We also have design wins 
that are on some building block functions as well. But the bulk obviously is coming from these highly integrated 
power-management ICs and more recently, our mini analog baseband products. The attach rate actually is fairly well 
balanced between these different areas you mentioned, the communications processor and the apps processor. 

We find that – I think that probably most of the revenue comes from the communications processor because many of 
the feature phones typically have only a communications processor that does the basic housekeeping. But on phones 
such as smartphones and so on, we're getting good attach rates with the applications processor as well. 

So I think that it's really difficult to say where we're doing much better. I think we're doing well in both of them, and 
we're doing particularly well against chipset companies that have both communications ICs, RF ICs and power 
management ICs, because our chips really provide a much better level of integration, and they provide far fewer 
external component requirements. So you might get a power management IC from a competitor, from a chipset 
provider, but quite often the customer finds that they have to add large external discrete components, a protection IC or 


external charger and so on. 

So we're able to really compete very effectively, and quite often what we find is that our solution is about – if you 
include all the external components, might be as much as 40% smaller than a competitor. And it typically also can 
achieve a better cost model as well. So that's what I meant when I said that we can compete effectively against chipset 
manufacturers, because they don't have the analog performance. 

Did you have a follow-on question? No. Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Hey, this is Brett Piira for Craig Ellis, thanks for taking my question. Could you just give me an 
update on any possibilities for acquisitions, what you're thinking about that. And also, some color on your outstanding 
approved buyback, what you're thinking about that? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. I'll take that, Brett. It was Brett, right? 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Yes. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So in terms of our acquisitions, we're still in a mode of 
looking to see if there are any good tuck-in acquisitions that are either good technology additions to the company. And 
we're looking on several fronts, we have actually a group of people that do that within the company. And there are 
several that we're looking at. And some turn into full acquisitions like the three or four that you've seen so far, and 
others turn into us just acquiring the rights to buy the product from a supplier that's a small company (46.35). 

So that is ongoing, it's pretty active, lots of small companies that are available for sale. But I – obviously I'm not going 
to specific about exactly what areas each one of these are in. 

Your other question I think related to use of cash, and what we have is that, we have – Bruce can correct me if I'm 
wrong here, but about $500 million or so. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: 515. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: $515 million authorized by the Board. And we really 
were cautious last quarter and the quarter before because of the economic environment so we didn't exercise that 
authority. But going forward, we do expect to resume our stock repurchases now that we've seen the business 
conditions improve right now. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Danely from J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Venk Nathamuni>: Hi, this is Venk Nathamuni on behalf of Chris. Couple of questions. One is, now, given the 
performance that you had in this current quarter as well as the guidance for the current quarter, how much do you think 
is driven by inventory replenishment versus demand across the various end markets? If you could add some color on 
that that would be great. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure I will. So when we look at the markets in 
general, if you took the four major markets, essentially in consumer and in computing and in our communications 
markets, we believe that we are shipping at the consumption rate. So it's really not – we do not believe it's an inventory 
build at our customers or in the channel. And in the industrial market, I think the inventory levels in the channel were 


actually drawn down a lot. So in that case, some of the shipments are probably replenishing that to not excessive levels 
but normal levels that it should be running in. So there's a little bit of inventory building that's going to occur in the 
industrial market. 

<Q - Venk Nathamuni>: Okay. That's helpful. And then also given the – for the current quarter you expect about 60% 
of your revenues to come from the consumer and computing end markets. At what point do you expect to have more 
balanced growth across the four end markets that you have? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. That's the million dollar question that we really 
can't tell. It's really the visibility is not good enough for us to be able to tell really how that mix is going to change 
beyond the current quarter. So we're going to have to wait and see just like most of our other competitors and see how 
that mix changes and when we have it get back into balance. I fully expect it to get back into balance though, because I 
think the industrial markets sooner or later are going to bounce back and get back to the levels that they should be at. 

<Q - Venk Nathamuni>: Okay. That's great. That's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Bob Gujarati (50.02) for Ross. You mentioned previously that your lead times were pretty flat Q-on-Q, 
is there a large divergence between the different segments and the different products? Could you give us some color 
there? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We can give you some color. I think that our average 
customer requested lead times are on the order of about seven weeks or so, and if you look at the individual markets in 
consumer, it's a little bit shorter than that – and shorter, when I say shorter, it's about by a week or so. And in industrial 
and communications it's longer than that by about a week or so to give you a rough idea. And computing is pretty much 
about at the average. 

<Q>: Okay. That's really helpful. And just some housekeeping, how should we model share count for next quarter and 
then just kind of on a go-forward basis, steady, decline, flat, just some idea there? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I think at this point we're just kind of modeling that flat. 
Obviously, as the stock price goes up from the treasury method, that will put some upward pressure on it. At the same 
time, as Tunç indicated, we're going to probably resume some modest share repurchases as well. So at this point I 
wouldn't model any significant changes in it. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator instructions]. Our next question is a follow-up question from Tore Svanberg. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: I know you don't want to comment or give us sort of a sense of the numbers or bookings you're 
getting so far this quarter, but just qualitatively, can you just talk about how July was, especially in relation to June and 
maybe even the first month of last quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Well, I think I'm going to stick to the saying that 
we really don't want to comment about – I think in the past we've done this and it's given the wrong impression, 
because things might change right after we do the comment. So, Tore, sorry, but I think we're not going comment on 
that. 


<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: I mean, Tore, if you look at our guidance, right, I think we have 
pretty decent guidance out there at the five to 13%, and if you look at sort of the results as far as the bookings last 
quarter, the opening backlog, I think they give you a pretty good indication of the state of our business right now. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: No, that's very fair. And then just as a follow-up, you – I think, Bruce, you mentioned you 
expect to be below your 100-day target in the September quarter on inventory days. Are we talking about just slightly 
below or are you going to get quite a bit below you think? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer>: We'll be below. It's always hard to forecast exactly, but inventory 
was down $22 million in the fourth quarter, we don't expect it down quite that much, but we do still expect a decent 
decline in it. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Very helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the program back to you. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We would like to thank you for your continued 
participation and interest in Maxim. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


