Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• James Covello 
• John Pitzer 
• Craig Ellis 
• David Wu 
• Ross Seymore 
• Tore Svanberg 
• Craig Berger 
• Romit Shah 
• Steven Smigie 
• Terence Whalen 
• Doug Freedman 
• Blayne Curtis 
• Sean Conner 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

---MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products' First Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. 
Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. 
Paresh Maniar, Executive Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our fiscal first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. With me on the 
call today, our Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca, and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making 
forward-looking statements on this call, and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind 
you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations, are predictions of the future, 
including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory 
and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, 
anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results, are forward-looking statements. 


If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar 
expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It's important to note that 
the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional 
information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC 
filings on Form 10-K for the year ended June 27, 2009. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirement, we have made time available for a question-and-answer 
period at the end of this call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly 
results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that 
participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. 

I'll now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. We are pleased with our first quarter financial results. Our P&L and balance sheet results exceeded 
guidance. Revenue grew double digits for the second consecutive quarter and has held up relatively well year-over-year 
during this severe downturn. 

Our gross margin increased 290 basis points, and our operating margin increased 730 basis points, demonstrating 
strong operating leverage as we recover from the current recession. Free cash flow was 25% of revenue. We believe 
our financial performance is continued evidence that our strategy to target diversified end markets and invest in 
innovation and integration is working. 

Let me review our first quarter financial results. Revenue for the first quarter was 449.2 million, an increase of 14% 
from the fourth quarter, and above the high-end of our guidance. Our consumer and computing end markets had strong 
revenue growth. Communications resumed growth and industrial began to recover. Our revenue mix by end-market in 
Q1 was approximately 33% for consumer; 25% computing; 24% industrial; and 18% communications. 

In the consumer end market, we again had strong revenue growth in cell phones, and even stronger growth in the LCD 
TV market. In the computing end market, we had meaningful growth in both the server and financial terminals markets. 
We also benefited from the continued recovery in the notebook segment. The communications end market grew in all 
segments with networking and data communications up the most. And finally, the industrial end market exceeded 
expectations due to broad-based demand increases. 

GAAP gross margin was 56%, at the high-end of our guidance. Gross margin benefited from higher factory utilizations 
due to higher revenue and the Dallas fab shutdown. As expected, there were no special items included in our gross 
margin in Q1. 

Operating expenses, excluding special items, were 171.7 million, an increase of 3.6 million from the prior quarter and 
within guidance. As planned, the increase was due to the elimination in Q1 of the mandatory employee time off, 
partially offset by continued decline in stock-based compensation expense. Overall, we continue to tightly manage 
spending. 

Special items in Q1 operating expenses included the benefit of the derivative lawsuit settlement, other items related to 
our restatement and the write-down of certain manufacturing assets. Q1 GAAP operating income, excluding special 
items, was $80 million, an increase of 93% from Q4 due to higher revenue, improving gross margin and operating 
expense growth significantly below revenue growth. The Q1 GAAP tax rate, excluding special items, was 36.5%. The 
Q1 GAAP tax rate of 54.4% included an additional provision of 16.8 million for our new international structure with no 
current offsetting savings from our foreign subsidiary. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was 138.5 million or 31% of revenue. This reflects the $25.6 
million reduction in inventory, offset by $21 million increase in AR due to revenue growth. Free cash flow was 112 
million or 25% of revenue. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments increased by 24.2 million in the 


first quarter to 937.6 million. The $25.6 million decline in inventory reduced days of inventory to 90 – to 89 days, 
achieving our target of less than 100 days. 

Days sales outstanding improved to 46 days due to a slight improvement in linearity compared to Q4 and focused 
management of credit and collections. Capital expenditures totaled 29.2 million in Q1 within our target of five to 7% of 
revenue. 

During Q1, we repurchased 920,000 shares of our stock at a total cost of 17.6 million. On October 28, our Board of 
Directors authorized a cash dividend for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 of $0.20 per share, approximately a 4.6% yield 
at yesterday's closing stock price. 

Moving on to guidance, during Q1, our bookings increased by 10%. Our beginning current quarter backlog for Q2 is 
288 million, an increase of 4% from the prior quarter. Based on our beginning backlog and expected turns, we forecast 
Q2 revenue to be 450 million to 465 million. We expect the industrial end market to increase based on a 22% increase 
in bookings in Q1. The communications end market is expected to be up slightly with continued growth in fiber 
modules. In the computing end market, the notebook market will decline, offset by growth in servers and financial 
terminals. 

Finally, the consumer end market will be lower. Cell phones are expected to decline due to year-end inventory 
rebalancing at certain customers. Partially offsetting the reduction in cell phones is continued strong growth in LCD 
TVs. It is also worth noting that we successfully transitioned to a new ERP system during the first week of October in 
order to improve operational efficiency. Not surprisingly, this resulted in modest customer requested shipment pull ins 
from Q2 to Q1. 

For Q2 gross margin, the key driver is the increased factory utilization from the higher revenue in Q2 and prior 
quarters. We are also starting to realize the benefit from favorable mix as the industrial end market continues to 
recover. As a result, Q2 GAAP gross margin is estimated at 58%, plus or minus 100 basis points. 

Operating expenses are expected to increase to 175 to 178 million because of one, higher bonus accrual resulting from 
improved profitability, increased R&D design activity, and higher stock-based comp due to the partial impact of our 
annual focal grant in Q2. 

Our expected tax rate, excluding special items for Q2, is approximately 36%. In addition, we expect approximately $15 
million additional tax provision for international restructuring. For Q2 GAAP earnings per share, excluding special 
items, we expect to range of $0.16 to $0.20. For cash flow from operations, please note that in Q2, we have our normal 
double tax payment, and DSO may increase due to unfavorable linearity as a result of the transition to a new ERP 
system at the beginning of the quarter. 

Cash flow from operations will be offset by dividends, potential share repurchases, possible acquisitions and payments 
for capital equipment. Capital expenditures in the current year will be managed within our target of five to 7% of 
revenue. For inventory in Q2, we expect to stay below the low-end of our target range of 90 to 100 days of inventory. 

Looking forward, our balanced business model and continued investment in innovation and high integration products 
positions us well for the future. 

I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call, and good afternoon. Let me begin by saying that I am pleased 
with the company's execution during the September quarter. One, for the third quarter in a row, revenue was above 
guidance. Two, September quarter year-over-year revenue performance remains better than most companies in the 
analog market. Three, gross margin was higher than projected despite no significant change in revenue mix, getting us 
closer to our target. 


Four, inventory declined markedly, and we are now under our 100 days goal. We plan to run our factories in line with 
shipments, resulting in better factory utilization, all other things being equal. And five, we qualified and announced our 
first products in our newest generation proprietary process technology. I will discuss more details on this later. 

Before I talk about our four major end markets, let me first discuss channel inventory and lead times. End demand 
began to recover in Q1 as end market bookings on our distributors increased 6% sequentially. However, channel 
inventories remain lean as they only increased 4% in Q1, but are still down 35% year-over-year. 

Distributor bookings on Maxim increased 19% sequentially, indicating improved confidence by our distributors for 
future demand. Maxim's lead times have remained relatively stable through the entire recovery. During the September 
quarter, the lead times that we quoted our customers edged up by only a couple of days. Customers placed orders on us 
with lead times in Q1 similar to those in Q4. 

Next, I will provide color regarding our four major markets. I will pick a few representative segments in each. First, 
consumer. We saw modest growth in consumer market bookings. Q1 bookings for consumer were led by very strong 
sequential growth in LCD TVs. Other consumer segments had relatively flat bookings. 

Designs we won during the downturn at major LCD customers ramped into production in fiscal Q1. These wins 
primarily resulted from our quick return to market and high levels of integration and functionality for multiple LCD TV 
sockets. Bookings from the cell phone customers were flat, as key customers adjusted orders to more closely reflect 
moderated feature phone demand relative to their earlier projections. This was offset by increases in demand for our 
products destined for smartphones. 

Let me turn to several product specific comments. We sampled the industry's first touchscreen controller with 
integrated touch feedback and proximity sensors. Our resistive touchscreen and tactile feedback products continued to 
gain traction at major cell phone customers. 

We won a next generation battery pack authentication socket at a major handset customer. Our product offers the 
highest level of security for stronger battery authentication and better consumer safety. In the prior period of analog 
baseband, we continued to expand the number of baseband and applications processors that we support. Our latest 
addition is a product that powers the Broadcom baseband processor. Today, we have the broadest portfolio of PMIC 
and analog baseband products. 

Additionally, our audio products recently won designs at two major cell phone manufacturers. We expect to win 
additional sockets in this type of application with the recent introduction of our ultra-high efficiency audio subsystem 
products. Finally, the digital transition in Europe is driving a large increase in demand for our TV tuner products that 
go into set-top boxes. 

Second, computing. Computing market orders were up in the low-single digits. Within this major market, we had 
double-digit bookings growth in financial terminals, storage, servers, and peripherals. In financial terminals, we have 
won new designs with the secure micro-controller products that we acquired through both the Innova Card and Zilog 
acquisitions. And our revenue and market share is continuing to grow quarter-on-quarter. 

In addition, our micro-controller wins have also pulled in design wins for our supporting analog products. In one 
example, this halo effect helped us win eight analog sockets that we previously did not have. And for the future, we 
have put the IP we acquired from these two acquisitions to good use, launching three new secure micro-controller 
designs into development. 

Our storage products are benefiting from the recent recovery in enterprise spending. We benefit in several product 
lines. Our high port count 3G expanders continue to ramp at leading customers. These customers are evaluating our 6G 
expanders for their next generation products, and the evaluations are favorable. 

We also began to ship our high integration storage baseboard management product in mass production in the 
September quarter. And finally, we won several signal integrity sockets, which will go into customer mass production 
in the March quarter for storage. 


The server market is also benefiting from the improvement in enterprise spending, and we expect to participate in this 
upturn. Sales of our low-voltage, integrated switch DC to DC converters rose in server and networking applications. 
Our products were chosen because they improve efficiency and reduce heat generation. We also introduced the new 
high accuracy power consumption monitoring product for use in large-scale computing applications to help improve 
the energy management of data centers. 

Third, communications. Communications orders were solidly above the previous quarter. All communications market 
segments strengthened, led by networking and Datacom. Base station bookings were up as ordering for China's 3G roll 
out resumed. 

Fiber channel modules continued to be an important growth driver for us. We're in the first year of a three-year 
program in China where power networks are being constructed worldwide. We won several new designs with two new 
data converter products that improve the transmit power efficiency in both cellular and microwave base stations. 

Finally, industrial. Industrial major market had the highest bookings growth quarter-over-quarter, growing strongly. 
Virtually all segments had order expansion, and I will only highlight a few of the design wins bright spots. In the 
automotive market, we have several design wins with our USB protector and high integration power management 
products. These wins are now ramping into production, primarily for infotainment applications at European and Asian 
automotive module manufacturers. 

The research arm of the EDF, the French utility company, announced the field trial success of Maxim's PLC G3 
Powerline communication technology for use in smart grid applications. This was a significant milestone, confirming 
the robustness of our solution. 

As we presented during our recently held Analyst Day, our relationship with Avnet has already helped us identify more 
than 800 new customers, primarily in the industrial space. We believe this channel will ramp steadily, providing us 
with high margin incremental revenue from our existing products. 

To further strengthen our broad customer reach, we expanded our relationship with Digi-Key from U.S. only to 
worldwide. Maxim's broad product offering combined with Digi-Key's catalog distribution leadership will be very 
effective in expanding our global customer reach. 

Finally, on the technology front, we introduced our first products and qualified our new .18 micron mixed signal 
technology platform. This platform is a feature rich proprietary process that will be our work horse for a broad range of 
product lines and enable us to integrate more functions on a single chip. 

We can thus make highly differentiated products with smaller size, higher performance and lower cost. This 
leading-edge technology development was completed in the shortest time with the highest yields in Maxim's history. I 
am proud of the performance demonstrated by our entire development team. 

In closing, we remain convinced that innovation and integration are the keys to our long-term success. Our balanced 
strategy to participate in all four major markets is paying off, as strong growth in certain markets offset lagging sectors. 
Similar to last year, in the current fiscal year, we will invest approximately half of our R&D in industrial and 
communications markets and the other half in consumer and computing. Maxim employees have been executing this 
strategy very well, and results are showing. 

I will now turn the call back to Paresh. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

That's the end of our prepared comments. Before we start the Q&A portion of the call, I'd like to mention that we have 
given the Investor Relations portion of Maxim's website a new look with new content. We invite you to visit that web 
page at your convenience. 


We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Operator, please 
begin polling for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Farak for Uche. Just wanted to get more color on your guidance. You indicated that industrial will be 
up as strongly. Just wondering how broad-based that sense is, and how much of it is coming from your broader reach 
with Avnet's distribution network? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll take that question. Essentially what we're seeing is, 
in the industrial market, as I described in the prepared remarks, we're seeing a very broad demand increase for our 
products. And it's in virtually all of the industrial segments that we have in the company. So it's really a result of that 
currently that we're seeing. The effects – the revenue effects of the design registrations and wins we're actually getting 
from Avnet are still in their infancy right now. So most of this increase we're seeing are in designs that we've really 
won previously, that are either coming back to production or ramping into production. So it's pretty broad-based, and 
it's really has not yet showing all the benefits we're going to see from Avnet. 

<Q>: Okay. And 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Did you have a follow-on? 

<Q>: Sure. Are you all – I heard that you indicated that the notebooks would be down. Just wondering if you could 
quantify that and provide more color on that, please? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we in general, we really don't like quantifying 
exactly what percentage of our sales are coming from each segment. But essentially our notebook sales are in the low 
teens for us. And we expect this quarter to be down slightly from the previous quarter. Other than that, Bruce, do you 
have something you want to add? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think the decline is representative 
kind of the normal seasonal decline. Q3 or the September quarter is always a strong shipping quarter. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Covello for Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Covello>: Great, good evening. Thanks so much for taking my questions. My first one would be: what is 
the prospect of getting back to a 60-30 model in terms of gross margin, operating margin? Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So – Jim, this is Bruce. So certainly as 
we saw, we made good progress on gross margin this quarter. And with our guidance at 58% at the mid-point, we 
continue to show that good progress. Along that, and if you look at kind of the tailwinds, we're still increasing 
utilization. We had – utilization went from about 61% in Q4 to about 70% in Q2. We're expecting that to increase to 
80% in – excuse me, went from 57 or 61% in Q4, 70% in Q1, and then we expect that to go to 80% in Q2. That 
increase from Q1 to Q2, a big part of that is as we've reached our inventory target, and so now we're going to start 
building to demand, and so that will improve that utilization. 

So as we continue to see that ramp in utilization, we'll get – that will be a tailwind for gross margin. And remember, 
there's a lag in that benefit, because you have to kind of work through the inventory. So that will be – that improvement 


in – from 70 to 80% will be a tailwind out through the second half of our fiscal '010. Additionally, the mix is still – 
hasn't recovered from where it was traditionally, and we're starting to see that benefit with the strong industrial demand 
that we're starting to see. 

And so overall, I think we're very comfortable that we're going to get to our 60%. Of course, it's always dependent on 
the mix in order to get back there, because we're not there yet. We're seeing that improvement in industrial, but we're 
not all the way home there. 

As far as the 30%, we made good progress in reducing our OpEx as a percent of revenue this quarter. Obviously, what 
we have to continue to do is tightly control our operating expenses and continue to drive that down as a percent of 
revenue. And that's going to take a little bit longer than it did – than it will to get to the 60% gross margin. But we're 
certainly committed to that business model, and are managing the company appropriately. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, thanks guys, for taking my questions. Bruce, I think in your prepared comments you said 
that the implementation of the ERP system caused some pull ins into the September quarter. I was hoping you could 
quantify that a little bit, maybe help me understand if it impacted a specific end market more than another? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, it didn't impact a specific end 
market. I think, we just wanted to put out there – it was maybe 1%, it wasn't huge. But it is something that's just going 
on, and it has impacted our visibility a little bit, just going into this earnings call from where we would normally be at. 
But in general, the implementation has gone very well. We're continuing to ship obviously to all of our customers, and 
generally we're pleased with it. We just thought it was enough of a significant event that we wanted to make sure 
investors were aware of it. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then, Tunç, for my follow-up question, we know a little bit more today than we did at your 
Analyst Day about TI's intentions around 300 millimeter analog. Just want to get your updated thoughts on how you 
feel like you need – if you need to compete on that basis, and how you plan to? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: On the 300 millimeter front, we do have a strategy that 
we have been executing on for a while actually. It's a very capital efficient strategy. But other than that, it's really too 
early for us to give anybody any specifics. But as I said, it's a strategy that we've been working on for almost about a 
year now. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Ellis from Caris & Company. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Thanks, guys. Good job on the gross margins. Bruce, on the outlook with the 200 basis point range 
from the low-end to the high-end of gross margins, can you just give us some color on what could swing it that 
significantly given that the revenue guidance is flat to up 3%? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think obviously mix is going to 
be one part of that from a sell through point of view. And then to the extent that how fast – exactly where the utilization 
comes in, and we talked about how on fab utilization, the benefit is kind of has a one to two quarter lag. But when you 
get to end of line, more of that hits in the current quarter. So that's sort of the – kind of the pluses and minuses that can 
impact that. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the OpEx, you identified a number of factors that would have 
upward pressure in the out quarter. Are those really contained in the current quarter or there – is there some spillover 
effect into the first calendar quarter of 2010? 


<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, it's hard to gauge that at this 
point in time. Obviously, we're continuing to manage that. The highest stock-based comp, that could have some 
spillover effect because that's – we generally do our annual grant in the beginning of December. We haven't finalized 
the timing of that yet. So depending on when we have that grant, you'll get a full quarter effect in the next quarter. But 
as well, with FCC there is always kind of items falling off as items are coming. So it's a little early to quantify the 
impact on Q3, Craig. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Craig, also along the lines of the question you asked, 
one of those variables that is pretty difficult for us to predict is the mask expense. And then that depends obviously on 
how well our development teams are doing. So on the one hand, you want it to be high, because you want to get your 
products out faster, but obviously it has pressure on our OpEx. But that's the other part that's a really – pretty high 
variable for us. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from David Wu from GC Research. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes, good afternoon gentlemen. My first question really is on maybe a little further out. Seasonally, 
your first quarter is going to be down historically based on consumer and computing. But relatively speaking, your 
latest strength is coming from the industrial business, which has a little different profile. How would you characterize 
an early stage about the shape of the March quarter of next year? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, David. It's probably a little early to 
provide that. I think the one thing we've all learned right now is in this environment, normal seasonality is probably not 
the best predictor. So I think, it's a little early. As you said, we've had strong increases in the industrial market, which is 
a positive. I think the key is going to be really what happens on the consumer side. We're seeing some inventory 
rebalancing in the December quarter, which is causing an impact to our consumer this quarter. It's really going to end 
up how strong is the sell through and how much holiday sell through and how much inventory are they left with at the 
end of the quarter, and therefore what do they need to order in March. So I think until we get that data, it's hard to 
predict what it's going to be. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. A follow-up is a clarification on the notebook business. I guess you have a bunch of products 
in the notebook side. But how's your – do you still have any core regulator business at all and how you're positioned in 
the Calpella platform, which I guess is going to be launched pretty broadly in Q1 of calendar 2010? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, most of – this is Tunç. Most of the products that 
we have in the notebook segment now have kind of shifted. We've got products that where we can add more value, as 
you recall that was a strategy change that we made almost a year and a half, two years ago. So most of the products that 
we're selling are going into high value add applications like battery fuel gauging, like some of the products that go into 
the display side on the LCD, and there are some products that we also sell into the core power management. But they're 
really not that significant for us anymore. So it doesn't – the new launch plus everybody's plans on what's going to 
happen with Windows 7 and so on really do not affect Maxim that much going forward. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi guys, just another question on the consumer side of things. Could you just tell us or give us a 
rough idea how big cell phones are as a percent of sales? And when you said consumer will be down sequentially, 
would you be able to give any general color about the magnitude? 


<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so as far as the size, it's still like 
it was last quarter, still a little bit over 20% of revenue, sort of in the low 20s. And then as far as quantifying the 
impact, I think it's a little early to do that. But in general, it will be down due to the cell phones, but as I indicated in my 
comments as well, LCD TV is actually going to be up as we're continuing to see good strength there from our design 
wins. So I think that's going – helping to mitigate the impact of the kind of the cell phone inventory rebalancing. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: And I guess, switching gears to the expense side of things, the tax charge for moving the 
geographic part of your tax realization, what is that charge going to be in the quarter, and does your GAAP gross 
margin – or excuse me, your GAAP EPS guidance include that charge or not? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We indicated it's going to be – Ross, 
it's going to be about $15 million in the second quarter. And the GAAP excluding special items guidance that we gave 
excludes that amount. So it's 16 to $0.20 excluding that amount, just like the EPS that we achieved this quarter of $0.16 
excludes it as well. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg from Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yes, thank you. First question, just going back to cell phones. You mentioned this is sort of a 
seasonal inventory adjustment. Do you feel that you have a good handle on that, and that the orders will be more 
normalized as we enter the March quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, actually you – as you know, and most of our cell 
phone, revenue goes into our two largest Korean customers. And they usually enter this quarter with very bullish plans 
for selling., end-selling their products. It's very difficult for us to be able to say exactly what percentage of their phones 
are going to sell through. And if I said we have a complete handle on it, I think that would be not completely accurate. 
We have some idea of what it's going to be like, and we have some guesses. 

And as a result of that, that's why we think that this quarter, there's going to be a reduction in our cell phone sale. What 
it means for the March quarter, we don't really know, because we have to wait and see essentially how consumer 
spending is going to be in the segment now. 

Most of this – I'm talking about mostly feature phones. Most of the sales actually of – the category of smartphones 
actually are pretty strong, and are strong for us in terms of our components going into those products. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Fair enough. And as a follow-up, when should we start to see revenue contribution from the 
new .18 mid single process? And as that ramps, will that be accretive to your margins or not? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Specifically, those first products that we introduced, 
they're going to be mostly in the consumer segment of our business, and some will be in computing. So first revenues 
from products being introduced at Maxim usually take about a year in those markets, takes even longer in other 
markets. So we won't really see significant revenue from that process, I'd say for about a year or so. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Okay. And any comment on margin? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: On the margin front, it's difficult to say. It's going to 
depend on how competitive the market is at the time that we're winning those designs. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. 


<Q>: Hi, guys, this is Casey. On the topic of gross margins, the guidance which you folks are giving for the next 
quarter, how would you extrapolate that 58% number, if the mix was closer to what you would call, balanced? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. As you know Casey, there's lots 
of variables in there. So it's hard to answer that directly. I think overall, we think we're making very good progress on 
our gross margin. We think we have the tailwind of utilization, still has more to go on that. And plus we still have the 
benefit as the industrial and communication markets continue to get more in balance with a traditional mix. So I can't 
answer that question directly, but I can say overall, we're still comfortable that there is some strong tailwinds pushing 
our gross margin. 

<Q>: Okay. As a follow-up, how would you characterize the smartphone sales as a fraction of your consumer segment? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, in terms of giving out specifics like that, we really 
try not to do that. Even for the – we can only give you data on the cell phone market. And I think Bruce already said it 
to a prior question; it's in the low 20. But other than that, we really don't want to give out specifics about sub-segments. 
But I have to comment that most of our products and most of our strategy in terms of winning designs in handsets are 
really geared around feature phones and smartphones. So that's the market that we target because that's where we can 
get paid for the value that we add to the handset. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Tunç, I guess investors are a little concerned about 
order cancellations in PC and cell phone. Have you guys seen anything out of the ordinary in that regard as things 
potentially overheated in the third quarter? And then Bruce, is there any way that you can quantify the utilization 
tailwinds that should roll in over the next few quarters? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: First of all, on your first question on order cancellations, 
we're really not seeing any particularly higher level of order cancellations this quarter than we did in previous quarters. 
So there's nothing unusual that we're seeing on that regard. And your second question was for Bruce. What was it? 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Sure. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So as far as the benefit over time of the 
higher utilizations, clearly we believe, we're still comfortable with our getting to our 60% plus gross margin target. We 
think we're making solid progress along the way. And I think it's just very important just to kind of – as I pointed out to 
an earlier question that with the fab utilizations, there is this lag where we actually received that over the following two 
quarters. So to the extent that utilizations are still increasing from 70 to 80% in Q2, it is a positive tailwind for us. 
Obviously, we have to continue to watch what happens from a mix point of view and other factors, but overall, I think 
we're still very comfortable with our 60% plus gross margin target. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: And then just as a follow-up. I know you guys are targeting share gains in mini analog baseband 
and fully analog baseband for the handsets. Kind of how far along into the ramp are we? What could be the future 
growth contribution from further market share gains there? Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: In terms of our presence in the analog baseband product 
area, I would categorize it as we're really in the early stages. Most of the design wins we have in that area are with – it's 
really with one Korean customer, with some more in the second one. So in terms of the opportunity for us, it's very 
large. I mean we approximately have about mid single digit percentage share in the analog content in the cell phone 
today. So clearly, we have plenty of runway, and we can win designs at others large customers. 

And all top, I mean we have good relationships with all the top five smartphone and feature phone manufacturers. So 
that clearly is not the impediment. It's really us being able to design enough products for them and be able to really 
convince them that we have a very valuable proposition. 


And we clearly do. We've demonstrated some of that in the analyst meeting, where we showed how much of a size and 
cost improvement we can make in their phones. So I think that we're really in the early stages of being able to 
penetrate, and win more designs in the analog baseband market space. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Romit Shah from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on the product mix. As I look at the midpoint of 
your revenue guidance, sales are projected up 10, 12% year-over-year. But your communications business, if my 
figures are right, will still be down on a year-over-year basis. Could you just provide some color or speak to what's 
behind those numbers? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Romit, can you repeat that? You were talking 
about our communications budgeting down year-over-year? 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Yes, it looks like total revenues in December will be up over 10% year-over-year. But based on 
the figures you provided on the segments, communications will still be down on a year-over-year basis. And I was just 
trying to understand what might be behind that. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. We'll – we've really been through a very 
tumultuous period right now. So we actually don't have that good of an idea of exactly what's changed that I can 
comment on. But we'll look into it, and we'll get back to you. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. The second question on inventories. Bruce, are you managing inventories below 100 days? 
And should we assume that we stay below 100 even with the utilization going back up to 80%? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Absolutely. I mean our goal is to keep 
it in sort of the 90 to 100 day range. We got there. We're actually at 89 days, and as I said, we'll actually probably stay 
below the 90 to 100 in the second quarter. But overall, we're comfortable with where we're at, and so that we're going 
to – not drive it down any further, that's for sure. But at the same time, we worked hard to get here, and we're going to 
keep it within our target range. 

<Q - Romit Shah>: Okay. And my last question is on free cash this quarter. Your free cash is north of 100 million, so 
annualized that's 400 million per year. That's on top of a cash balance of close to $1 billion. How are you guys thinking 
about future uses of cash? I know you bought back some stock this quarter, but it was a fairly small amount. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think our priorities are 
unchanged as far as use of cash. I mean, first we're going to continue to grow the business, and including acquisitions, 
we don't do large acquisitions. But it's something that we always are looking at as far as kind of the tuck-in 
acquisitions. Second is the dividends, which we are highly committed to. And then of course, third is the share 
repurchase. And as you said, we've sort of kind of waded back in from a share repurchase point of view. That was 
partially just – we're still not 100% convinced we're out of the economic issues that have been – we've all been working 
with over the last year. So – and at the same time, it was also just a partial quarter. So the repurchases will go up a little 
bit this quarter. But I think it will still remain modest, until we get more confidence that we're out of this recession and 
into a full recovery. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Smigie from Raymond James. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Great. Thank you. At your Analyst Day, you talked about moving into a preferred vendor status 
with, I think, 11 out of 12 OEMs. A couple of years ago when you first started talking about going after the major 


OEMs, you had talked originally, I think, about going after 20 OEMs. So you're doing well at 11 out of 12. Is there 
room to improve at the other guys? And if that's the case, are there specific types of clients that you have yet to be more 
successful with? So maybe talk about that a little bit more? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. When – I remember actually, when we did talk 
about this several years ago, we – the exact statistics that we gave were, that we were really going after forming good 
relationships with our top customers. And at that time we had quoted, I don't rememberthe exact number, but what 
percentage of our revenue was coming from our top 20 customers. We do have a much longer – I only gave you at the 
Analyst Day our list of 12 partner accounts, but we do have a strategic account list that's a lot longer than that. And we 
actually have excellent relationships with all of them. We only track where we're preferred by looking at the top partner 
accounts. 

So the relationships we have with our customers is a lot deeper than just those 12 accounts. And it really has improved 
significantly over the past three or four years. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay. And as part of that improvement, I think you guys talked about improved on-time 
delivery. Is there still room to make improvements there? Will that help you, you think, capture share further at 
customers or is that, you've pretty much maxed that out? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We – in terms of on-time delivery, the metric that we 
set a couple of years ago that we wanted to follow was essentially making sure that whatever original scheduled date 
we gave to a customer, that we met that commitment, that was the metric that we went after. We actually – since we've 
driven that pretty high, and gotten it close enough to the 100%, we're at mid 90s in terms of our performance. So now 
we actually have another initiative in place, which is to see how well we can meet the customer request dates for 
orders. 

So that's a new initiative in the company. And I believe that whenever we measure something, I know we can get better 
at it. And I think that as we drive from meeting our commitments to actually going and meeting what the customer 
request dates are, that's going to get our customer satisfaction even better than it is today. So currently that's the 
initiative that we're working on in the company. 

<Q - Steven Smigie>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Terence Whalen from Citi. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks for taking my question. Tunç, you had talked a little about distribution and orders 
being up, and I think inventories increasing 4% in the quarter. What's your expectation for channel inventory next 
quarter? And also will the distributors be growing faster than OEMs next quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's really difficult to get exact information 
because there's a lot of small customers, and we don't really know what they're going to do. But here are the facts. We 
do know that end market bookings were up in Q1, about 6% to the distributors. They had modest increases in 
inventory. And the distributors placed orders that were up about 19% from the previous quarters. And the resales, also 
in Q1 were up about 9%. So my read of all that is that the distributors have gotten, with the input they get from their 
customers, have gotten more bullish. 

And I think that they are going to move more product, probably than we might be actually forecasting. So I think from 
a distribution standpoint, I think there will be modest growths in their inventory, and it seems like – and I'm just 
reading into what their behavior – it looks like they are more bullish in terms of being able to move more product in 
Q2. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Thanks. And then, as my follow-up, I know this is a very general question. But it seems like 
based on the backlog growth relative to the revenue growth, you're expecting some level of lower turns in the fourth 


quarter. Can you talk a little bit about on a monthly basis, what you expect? Do you expect November orders to 
decelerate from October and December from November? And if that's the case, typically when would you see orders 
begin to reaccelerate in the first quarter? I know that's affected by the various holidays that you have to go through as 
well. Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So I'll try to answer parts of that. I 
think clearly we are assuming a lower turns rate in the second quarter than the first quarter, and that's in absolute 
dollars certainly, and that's kind of standard that you would expect that. In general, from a shipping point of view, you 
ship, it's a little bit more weighted to the October and November, and you generally see in December where you get 
most customers trying to manage year-end inventory. As far as the actual order flow beyond just the holidays at 
year-end, it's hard to predict any type of pattern there, kind of a monthly order flows. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I agree with Bruce. But I mean, I can give you 
historically what's happened. Last year, I think everybody knows what's happened, right, revenue just kept going down 
month-over-month, October, November, December. But when we look at – if we exclude that year, and look at 
previous years to see a pattern, there really isn't one. Every year has been different before that. So – and it's been – if 
you averaged all out, it looks pretty much the same in every month. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from Broadpoint. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. During the quarter, we heard from a couple of 
your competitors about long lead times, and you guys mentioned it in your introductory remarks. Do you think you saw 
any benefit from your competitors' long lead time, and how did it feel to be on the other side of the equation this time? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We – as I said, I mean, we did quite well in terms of 
responding to really large growths in revenue and order placement on the company. I'd really internally heard 
anecdotes where we'd won some business because the competitors might not have been able to supply. But from my 
viewpoint, even those were interesting stories to hear. They're really not that significant mainly because we have a 
product line that's highly proprietary. So it's not that easy to switch from one manufacturer's product to another one. So 
yes, I've heard of good, I'd call fireside chat stories. But I don't think it's really – I didn't take it as being that significant 
for the company. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right, very good. If you could talk a little bit about some of the ASP trends that you might 
be experiencing, and what you might think is going to occur? I know a lot of investors are concerned that when 
business returns, ASP pressure tends to turn up. And was wondering if you guys were starting to see any signs of that? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think the pressure on ASP is always there. I 
don't think it really matters whether you're in upturn or a downturn in the business. In the analog markets, as you know, 
there's a lot of – price erosion is really not as high as some of the other markets. So in markets where there's really no 
differentiation of our products, we always see more price pressure. And we essentially try to either make new products 
for that market that can replace our older products that might have no differentiation. So there we do see some pressure. 
But having said that, we're really not seeing any unusual price erosion or pricing pressure right now that we have not 
seen in the past. So nothing is really unusual. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Jefferies. 


<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Hi guys, thanks for squeezing me in. I just want to go back to your outlook for the notebook 
business. Some of your peers are looking for growth in Q4 of five to 10%. Wonder if you could talk about just kind of 
the linearity of orders the last several weeks, and what may be – what factors may be causing that delta? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're talking about the delta between us and others 
that are saying they have growth in the notebook front? 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Others – most are actually looking for growth; you're looking for decline. I was wondering if 
you had any indications of whether orders have changed their direction or whether there are other factors that are 
contributing to that? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we traditionally really have strong shipments and 
orders in our Q1, which is calendar Q3. And typically, in terms of shipments, this quarter is usually weaker. So I don't 
see something unusual that's happening with Maxim. And I think I could speculate, but I'd rather not do that, about why 
there is a difference between us and others. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: But have – maybe the first part of my question have orders, how have orders trended over the 
last weeks? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: For that specific market? 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Yeah, for notebook. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I don't have that data. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. And then just one clarification on the computing business. Notebooks are down, I'm 
assuming that's the largest part offset. But I just wanted to make sure that business was down, and it sounded like you 
had some offsetting factors in consumer as well. I just wanted to make sure that as a whole, both were down. Please 
clarify that. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Can you repeat that? 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Your outlook for December for computing and consumer, you talked about parts that were down 
and parts that were up. I just – netting those out, are you expecting the computing business to be down sequentially and 
the same for consumer? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, so this is Bruce. I think in 
general, we do expect consumer to be down primarily due to the cell phones. And as we said that sort of mitigated due 
to the strength that we've seen in the LCD TV market. When we look at the computing space, we do expect to see that 
market, probably flat to down, to be honest with you. I mean, it's – when we look at our forecast there, there is – it's 
relatively flat. It's trending just a small bit down as we talked about mainly due to the notebook business. 

But I think the other thing to think about is within computing, we have some of our other markets there, right, financial 
terminals, which has been doing very well for us. And so that market continues to grow. In the server space, which is 
where we've really kind of shifted a lot of our power management R&D efforts to – we're doing well there in the server 
space. And when you look to the storage market, Tunç talked about that. And that business is doing well. 

So from our point of view, those are all but markets that are certainly smaller at this time point in time than the overall 
notebook market. But they're all actually growing. So I think from a transition point of view, where – the markets 
where we have higher value-add, higher margin, those markets are growing and doing well. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Thanks, Bruce. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Sean Conner from FAF Advisors. 


<Q - Sean Conner>: Hi. One quick clarification, Bruce. On the stock comp for the Q4, can you give us some just some 
color around what you're expecting at this point or is it too hard to tell, since you haven't given the grant yet? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. It's hard to tell. I mean we expect 
it to be up slightly, but again, it's hard to say exactly how much. 

<Q - Sean Conner>: And then, just lastly as far as share repurchases versus acquisitions over the next two to three 
years. Would you expect to spend more money on acquisitions or share repurchases? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that's really difficult to predict. It will depend on 
several factors. The most important one is what kind of acquisition opportunities do we see. And it also will depend a 
lot on how the business outlook or the market outlook goes in the next two, three years. But I think it's important to 
remember that the priority that Bruce gave earlier is our priority. I mean, growing our business is number one. And as 
we said, share repurchase is number three. 

<Q - Sean Conner>: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it and good quarter. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Operator, I think we'll end the call at this point. And thank you all for listening in. We look forward to talking to you 
again a quarter from now. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


