Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Director-Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Uche Orji 
• Steve Smigie 
• James Schneider 
• Craig Ellis 
• John Barton 
• John Pitzer 
• Mahesh Sanganeria 
• Shawn Webster 
• Chris Danely 
• Ross Seymore 
• Terence Whalen 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Release 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer 
session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this program is being recorded. 

I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Paresh Maniar. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paresh Maniar, Director-Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jonathan and welcome everyone to our fiscal fourth quarter 2010 earnings conference call. With me on the 
call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca, and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making 
forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind 
you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, 
including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory 
and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end-market consumption of our products, 
anticipated tax benefits and any other future financial results are forward-looking statements. 

If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate or variations of these words and similar 
expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It's important to note that 
the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. During the 
quarter, Maxim's corporate representatives may reiterate the business outlook during private meetings with investors, 


investment analysts, the media and others. 

Additional information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the 
company's SEC filing on Form 10-K for the year ended June 27, 2009. Copies can be obtained from the company or the 
SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's Fair Disclosure requirement, we have made time available for a 
question-and-answer period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management 
concerning the quarterly results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. 
We again request that participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A 
session. 

I will now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. I will review our fourth quarter financial results. Before I start, one item to note is that as a result of the 
Teridian acquisition, we are now classifying all acquisition-related expenses as a special expense item. Management 
does not consider these expenses in evaluating the core operational activities of Maxim. These expenses include 
amortization of intangible assets and the amortization of acquired inventory write-up to fair value. The current and 
prior period impacts of this change our quantified in our earnings press release and the schedule of special expense 
items. 

For a fair comparison, all prior quarter financial results discussed during the call such as gross margin, operating 
expenses and earnings reflect these adjustments. Revenue for the fourth quarter was a record 566 million, an increase of 
11.2% from the third quarter. This included 5.7 million of revenue from Teridian. All four markets grew with consumer 
and industrial markets growing the strongest. 

Our revenue mix by major market in Q4 was approximately 33% for consumer, 27% industrial, 22% computing and 
18% communications. The consumer market had robust growth due to LCD TV and cell phones. The industrial market 
once again had broad-based growth. Control and automation continued to have strong growth. Also, our Smart Meter 
business grew due to our Teridian acquisition. Some Teridian revenue was deferred due to a change in revenue 
recognition from sell-in to sell-through at larger distributors. 

The communications market again grew in all segments. Sales into fiber optic modules remained strong in the quarter. 
And finally, the computing market grew modestly in both the financial terminal and notebook segments. 

Gross margin excluding special items was 61.8%, up 70 basis points compared to 61.1% in the prior quarter. The 
increase was primarily due to favorable manufacturing variances as we shipped higher revenue. 

Special items in Q4 gross margin were intangible asset amortization from Teridian and prior acquisitions. Additionally, 
during Q4, there was an expense for the amortization of the Teridian inventory write-up to fair value. 

Operating expenses excluding special items were 191 million, compared to 178 million in Q3. 7 million of the increase 
was due to the one-time credit in stock-based compensation expense in Q3 that did not repeat in Q4. Expenses related 
to Teridian also contributed to the increase. Overall, operating expenses increased 7% compared to 11% revenue 
growth. 

Special items in Q4 operating expenses were primarily related to intangible amortization from acquisitions and stock 
option litigation. Q4 GAAP operating income excluding special items was 158.6 million or 28% of revenues. Operating 
margin increased for the fifth consecutive quarter. 

The Q4 GAAP tax rate excluding special items was 36.3%. Including special items, the Q4 GAAP tax rate was 59.1%, 
including an additional provision of 33 million for our new international structure. This additional provision was large 
because Q3 was abnormally low at 3 million due to the class action settlement charge and resulting GAAP loss in that 


quarter. The full year additional provision for our international structure was in line with guidance from the beginning 
of the year. GAAP earnings per share excluding special items was $0.33, up 22% from Q3 due to higher revenue and 
gross margin. 

Turning to the balance sheet and cash flow, cash flow from operations was 157 million or 28% of revenue. Free cash 
flow was 113 million. Inventory increased by 8% primarily due to Teridian inventory marked up to fair value. Days of 
inventory decreased to 87 days. This is well within our target of less than 100 days. Capital expenditures totaled 40.3 
million in Q4. For the full 2010 fiscal year, capital expenditures were 115 million or 5.8% of revenue and within our 
target of 5 to 7% of revenue per year. 

We paid 313 million for the Teridian acquisition, which closed in the fourth quarter. We also issued 300 million in 
3-year corporate bonds at a 3.45% coupon rate. Share repurchases totaled 77.3 million in Q4 as we bought back 4.2 
million shares. In Q4, we paid dividends to our shareholders of 60.4 million. As a result, total cash, cash equivalents 
and short-term investments decreased by 32 million in the fourth quarter to 827 million. 

Moving on to guidance, including Teridian, during Q4 our bookings remained strong with order lead times continuing 
to extend early in the quarter and stabilizing in June. Our beginning Q1 backlog is 613 million, an increase of 28% 
from the prior quarter. It is worth noting that some of this backlog is not scheduled to ship in Q1 due to supply 
constraints. Based on our beginning backlog, expected turns and available supply, we forecast Q1 revenue to increase 
to 600 million to 630 million. We expect growth across all four major markets with consumer being the strongest and 
industrial benefiting in part from a full quarter of Teridian revenue. 

Our Q1 revenue will be supply limited as strong demand continues to exceed our manufacturing capacity. We continue 
to ramp manufacturing capacity on three fronts: internally, at our current and new exclusive foundry partners and with 
merchant foundries which support Teridian and other digital mixed signal production. 

Q1 gross margin excluding special items is estimated at 60 to 63%, within our target range. Product mix, potential 
utilization benefits, and inventory reserves are some of the variables that will influence Q1 gross margin. Special items 
in Q1 gross margin are estimated at 9 to 10 million. In Q2, this will decline by 4 million as the Teridian inventory write 
up will be fully amortized. 

Q1 operating expenses excluding special items are expected to increase to 200 to 205 million primarily due to our 
annual salary increase and equity grant in September, a full quarter of Teridian expenses and robust design activity. We 
will continue to manage OpEx to grow slower than revenue. Special items in Q1 operating expenses are estimated at 6 
to 7 million, primarily for amortization of intangible assets. 

Our expected tax rate for Q1 is approximately 33%. In fiscal 2011, we begin to benefit from our international 
restructuring. We do not expect any special tax items in Q1. For Q1 GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, 
we expect a range of 0.36 to $0.40. Q1 cash flow from operations will be impacted by the payment of the class action 
settlement. This will be partially offset by increasing profitability and as in prior years, no payments of estimated tax 
during the September quarter. 

Capital expenditures in Q1 are expected to increase from Q4 as we continue to ramp capacity. Overall for FY '11 we 
continue to target 5 to 7% of revenue. 

And finally, on July 28, our Board of Directors authorized a 5% increase in our cash dividend for the fourth quarter of 
fiscal 2010 to $0.21 per share, approximately a 4.6% yield at yesterday's closing stock price. 

I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business. 

Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. Let me first summarize the highlights of the 
June quarter. First of all, we achieve record revenues. Two, we delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of improving 
operating results as revenue, operating margin and earnings per share increased. Three, bookings remained strong, 


while order lead times began to stabilize. And four, we are on plan to increase flexible wafer fab capacity to support 
future revenue growth. 

I will next discuss Maxim and channel inventory. Inventory at Maxim rose but grew at a slower rate than revenue. 
Consequently, inventory days declined from 88 to 87. Improved factory output enabled us to increase inventory at our 
distributors modestly. This better positions distributors to service our smaller customers. Inventory in the channel rose 
slightly to 56 days mainly due to our catalogue distributor stocking initiative and several OEM to distribution 
conversions. 

I will explain that catalogue distributor initiative later. 56 days of inventory matches the level in the December quarter 
but is still below the distributors' desired levels of below 60 days of inventory. Looking at bookings and lead times, 
June quarter bookings continued to be strong and about the same as the March quarter. The book-to-bill ratio remained 
well above one. Average customer order lead times during the June quarter were higher than the average order lead 
times in the March quarter. 

Most of this increase occurred during the early part of Q4. Order lead times have stabilized over the past two months at 
approximately 14 weeks. During this period of stabilization, bookings have remained solid. At our current bookings 
pace, we project a book-to-bill ratio above one for the September quarter as well. 

I will next provide color regarding a few representative segments in each of our four major markets. First, let me talk 
about consumer. In the LCD TV market, we saw increased orders for level shifters and programmable gamma buffers 
driven by growing demand for 3-D TVs. Also in the TV market, we won two significant designs with the video 
compression technology we gained from the Mobilygen acquisition 1.5 years ago. 

We leveraged the technology we acquired for the video security market into a new market, video calling using TVs. 
These OEM design wins were for Skype-enabled LCD TVs. Our technology delivered much better video quality with 
low bandwidth connections. In cell phones, we had a significant jump in orders for several PMICs and single function 
products in a new Android platform. This smart phone family is selling very well. 

Additionally, a Maxim micro USB switch that was designed into several models at a key cell phone customer 
experienced order increases during the quarter. These and prior cell phone design wins should allow Maxim to grow 
faster than the overall consumer market. Our design wins are primarily in the high-end smart phone market that is 
projected to grow by 35% from 2009 to 2010 calendar years. 

Another bookings growth driver is increasing demand for our ModelGauge battery fuel gauge products. These products 
have been designed into multiple handheld devices including smart phones, e-readers and portable game players. The 
portable game design win opens a new market for our battery management products. 

Next, let me cover computing. The notebook segment is a much smaller percentage of our business today relative to the 
three years ago and accounts for approximately 10% of company revenue. As you'll recall, at that time, we exited 
several commodotized sockets, but continued to find niches such as re-drivers and battery fuel gauging to name a 
couple, where our superior technology provides value to our customers. 

In tablet PCs, a Maxim audio CODEC captured a socket in a soon to be introduced major OEM platform. And in the 
data storage segment, Maxim has a large footprint in 6G SAS expanders due to numerous design wins at the top two 
storage OEMs using SAS. 6G systems are starting to roll out and we are projecting our revenue to begin to ramp in the 
storage market. 

Third, communications. Demand from fiber optic module customers remains strong. We supply electrical to optical as 
well as optical to electrical products into this market. We also enhance the reliability of the optical modules with our 
products that control and monitor laser diodes to adjust their intensity. 

In another segment of the fiber optic market, our tunable laser diode bias controller is winning designs in shipping and 
production. This product saves space and power by integrating nine data converters on a single piece of silicon, 
replacing several packages. 


Turning to RF products, the femto base station market appears to be gaining momentum. Maxim's RF transceivers that 
sell into this market witnessed a noticeable increase in orders. 

Finally, let me cover industrial. We closed the acquisition of Smart Meter, Systems-on-a-Chip leader Teridian 
Semiconductor and the integration into Maxim is proceeding smoothly. 

In the security camera and digital video recorder market, we experienced an increase in orders from Europe and Asia 
for our H.264 encode, decode video codec. Earlier design wins and multiple customers continued to ramp. This product 
line also resulted from our Mobilygen acquisition. 

In the automotive market, Maxim's serial link products that go into to navigation systems achieved a design win at a 
major European native auto manufacturer. Additionally, we are now receiving orders for earlier serial link design wins 
for navigation as well as rear seat entertainment at another European car company. So we have been steadily increasing 
revenue from the automotive market over the last few years from practically nothing to approaching mid single digit 
percentage of Maxim revenue. Automotive customers appreciate our technology breath and extensive product 
development know-how. 

For the general market, to increase product availability to our customers, we launched a new program with Digi-Key so 
that they would carry higher inventory of our new products. As a result, sales through Digi-Key have almost doubled in 
the last six months. We are excited by the prospects of these small quantity prototype orders. They should result in 
design wins and future high margin business. 

Now, let me turn to manufacturing. First of all, our manufacturing team did a fantastic job in increasing revenue by 
double-digits in the June quarter and also enabling strong guidance for the September quarter. Recall that we achieved 
this revenue growth with no contribution from our newest strategic foundries. 

To accommodate the rapid growth in demand for our products, we're qualifying new strategic foundry capacity. This 
new capacity will ramp this year. We expect to increase our revenue capacity to over $700 million per quarter 
sometime during calendar 2011. We'll achieve this by, one, increasing internal capacity; two, increasing capacity at our 
current foundry partner in Japan; three, adding new strategic foundries and fourth, increasing our use of merchant 
foundries. The amounts and exact timing of available capacity will depend on demand mix by process technology. 

2010 fiscal year drew to a close and it is time to take stock of the significant results we achieved last year. Let me go 
through these. One, we registered significant design wins. This, combined with the global recovery for semiconductors 
enabled us to grow revenue 21% from fiscal '09 to fiscal '10 and operating income more than doubled. 

Two, our operating results improved throughout the year and we are now within 2 percentage points of our target 
operating margin. Three, we are in the final phase of our international structure and will begin to see reductions in our 
tax rate in Q1. Four, we shortened our product development cycle time and as a result, improved our time to market by 
20% over the last two years. Five, we acquired Teridian Semiconductor, considered to be the crown jewel in energy 
metering and measurement. 

And six, we executed on a plan to add capital-efficient 300 millimeter capacity at Powerchip Technology Corporation. 
Under an exclusive agreement between the two companies, we have installed Maxim's proprietary process technology 
in Powerchip's 300 millimeter facility. The two teams have worked together effectively and already have started 
pre-production wafers. 

Our strategy to provide highly integrated, highly differentiated products to our customers drove much of our success in 
design wins. Highly integrated products account for 28% of revenue in the June quarter versus 19% just two years ago. 
As a result of our progress over the past year, we believe the revenue and profit levels we achieved in the last quarter 
are sustainable and provide a baseline for future increases. 

So I'll turn the call back to Paresh. 


Paresh Maniar, Director-Investor Relations 

That is the end of our prepared comments. We would now welcome your questions. Please limit yourselves to one 
question with one follow-up. 

Jonathan, please begin polling for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. Your question please. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. First of all, congratulations on the set of numbers and guidance. But let me 
just ask you about the guidance, how much of that this organic, versus how much will Teridian contribute to your 
guidance for this quarter? And I have a follow-up. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Yes. So Teridian was 
about a little over 5.5, 5.7 million in the June quarter. And we expect it to be around 15 million in the September 
quarter. It's still going to be a little bit impacted by the change in the rev rec [revenue recognition] policy. So overall of 
our 9% revenue growth guidance at the midpoint, about 1 point, 1.5 points is due to Teridian. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Right. Okay. Fair enough. Let me just ask you also, Bruce, while I have you on the line about 
amortization going forward. So how much we – how should we think about the impact from amortization in the current 
quarter and going forward, what should we be modeling? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Sure. So in the September 
quarter, at the gross margin line, it's going to be about $5.5 million of amortization. In addition, there will be about $4 
million of amortization of the inventory write up. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: And then, starting in Q2, 
that 4 million goes away because it will be fully amortized as inventory write up. And then we'll only have this kind of 
5, $5.5 million on a go forward basis in Q2 and later in the gross margin line. Down in the OpEx line, in Q1 and 
beyond, it should be about 6 million a quarter that will go forward. And those go out for about five years, the useful life 
of the assets – of the intangible assets. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. That's helpful. Tunç, let just ask you about the – when I look at the guidance you gave and the 
confidence with which you are looking out into the future, still projecting book-to-bill above one. Some of the macro 
data one is seeing, if you look out for the U.S. data, doesn't seem to fully supportive. Are you a little bit concerned that 
that you have not been seeing any – is there any way for you to figure whether there's any evidence of people ordering 
more than they really need just because they're panicking about the supply situation? 

And while you're answering that, can you also talk about the computing market? You only grew 2% there. I know 
you've de-emphasized that in part of the computing business, but still anymore insight as to what may be going on there 
would be helpful especially ex-financial terminals? Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Well, let me go back to your first question. First 
of all, in an environment like this, where we are short in supply and customers are obviously asking for their products 
to get delivered, I'm pretty certain there's some amount of extra ordering that they're doing just to make sure that they 
get their product. However, I don't really think that that's that significant in terms of Maxim. We're pretty close to the 
customers and we very closely are monitoring what the distributor inventories are for example. The other data point 
that we've got is that our lead times have stabilized over the last couple of months. That's a good indication. 


As to your question about how does this all relate to the U.S. economy and the macro economy, especially fears about 
the consumer and so on. Our situation we believe is different. We're really being driven by new design wins we're 
getting. For example if you take the consumer market, new wins that we're getting in smart phones, which is a growing 
sector even if the consumer sector is slowing. So that's the main reason that we're more confident about the prospects of 
revenue growth for Maxim compared to what you hear about the overall economy and so on. 

Your other question was related to, I think the modest growth we had in computing. There essentially if we broke that 
down, we did have some growth in notebook. I think it was in the low to mid single digits. We did see some – we did 
some good shipments of the storage products so that pulled back a little bit. And financial terminals was probably 
around flat. So that's kind of a summary of the major contributors to our computer segment right there. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Smigie from Raymond James. Your question please. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Great, thank you. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the gross margin trajectory going 
forward. Just generally speaking, not specific guidance, but where you'd expect that to trend over the next several 
quarters I guess and impact that Teridian will have on that? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Sure. This is Bruce. We 
gave our guidance of 60 to 63% for the quarter and I think that's probably our projection probably going forward. Our 
target model is in the low 60s. We were at 61.8% in the June quarter. And so I think we continue to operate solidly 
within that range. I think we feel good at our performance from kind of managing both our mix of business, if you look 
at the two areas that are growing, it's great. It's the consumer business which is giving us the growth plus the industrial, 
which is giving us the very high margins. So I think we feel comfortable with that range. And I think from a 
forward-looking basis, that's probably the right range to continue to model as we look to kind of have that stability and 
yet continue to grow our business at the very healthy rates that we've been doing for the last 18 months. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Okay. And just as far as a follow-up question, could you just dig a little bit further into the PMIC 
business and how your design wins are continuing there, to what extent they're continuing there, and how a ramp of 
those products will go over the next several quarters? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. So in the PMIC business, we're continuing to see 
good customer adoption of our products. I believe that it's going to be a growth area for us still into the future. That's 
primarily coming from two reasons. Number one, our penetration in that market, even though it's significant revenue 
for us. It is really still very small compared to the overall market. And our focus is really in high-end phones and 
especially in smart phones. And as I said in my prepared remarks, that market is growing at a much faster pace than the 
overall handset market. 

So, and the customers are really adopting our products quickly because we do offer them value. I mean we do offer 
them plenty of functionality on a single chip, we do enable them to shrink the size of their overall solution and we help 
them save battery life, which these are the things that they value the most. And also the fact that the number of 
competitors that can do, that can deliver these products are very limited. So I think the prospects continue to be good 
for Maxim. 

I had talked before at several conference calls like this where we said that our penetration is still pretty small in terms 
of the number of customers that we've captured and we've been making really good progress in that area recently. So I 
think that if, and I'm not going to repeat those, but in the last meeting we mentioned that we were getting new wins at 
another couple of customers which will help us increase our market share in this area. 

<Q - Steve Smigie>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Covello from Goldman Sachs. Your question please. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Hi, it's Jim Schneider calling in for Jim Covello. Thanks for taking my question. Just first off, 
could you talk about what your turns assumption is for the quarter? It seems like it would be very, very low. And within 
the context of that can you talk about what the linearity of orders was in the quarter? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Sure. This is Bruce. So 
given that we had a 90 day backlog of 615 million, but as I've said in my opening comments, you need to understand 
that some of that backlog was booked late in the quarter with very short lead times. And so, we won't be able to ship 
that in the quarter. So in general, from what was kind of shippable of that backlog, we probably have about a 15% turns 
requirement. So it's certainly lower than in some prior quarters, but there's still some issue there around how those turns 
come in and to the extent that they match up with WIP [work in progress] that we have running in the line. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Thanks. That's helpful. And you talked about lead times stabilizing at the end of the quarter. 
When do you think those might begin to come back in again? And then if you just address the linearity assumption, that 
would be great. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: I'm sorry. I'll answer the 
linearity question. Because we're still growing strongly and have had that supply constraint, we still are more back-end 
loaded from a linearity point of view. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. In terms of your question about when do you 
think our lead times are going to come in, I believe they're going to begin to come in when we are able to support with 
our capacity the demand that they're placing on us. So it's very hard to predict exactly that's going to happen because 
you're looking at two variables. One is our capacity coming up, we kind of know what that is. But we don't know what 
the mix it's going to come in and we don't know how the demand for the customers are going to change. I think it 
beginning to go down is going to happen sometime between now and December. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis from Caris & Company. Your question please. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Yes, thanks for taking the question and nice job on the gross and operating margins, guys. Tunç, 
can we talk a little bit about manufacturing and the output ramp that you guys would expect to see first. Is the plan still 
to move towards the 70-30 internal/external model? And where are we now and when do we get to that optimized 
level? And you mentioned 300 millimeter capacity, when would you expect that to contribute meaningfully to your 
output? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. In terms of maybe about I think three years ago I 
think, we had communicated that we were targeting, long-term targeting about 30% outside foundries and 70 in. Well, 
we're at that point and we've passed that point right now. We're in the low 30s right now in terms of external foundries 
versus internal. 

With the additional capacity that we're putting in place at the new foundry partners, obviously that 30% number is 
going to grow further. Exactly what it's going to get to, we don't know. All I can tell is that we'll go from low 30s 
probably to 40 in the next six months to a year or so. Your other question, if I remember right was about when do we 
start shipping from the 300 millimeter fab, is that right? 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: That's correct. 


<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, we're really working on qualification of that 
process. We're deep into the qualification. And we have made some preproduction risk starts at that fab, so when those 
products come out of fab and you actually are pretty familiar with fab cycle times and the qualification finishes we'll 
be, we'll start shipping from that fab. So it's pretty close. 

<Q - Craig Ellis>: Okay. And that would be primarily consumer product that you'd be working on out of 300 or how 
do we think about where you will be putting that to work? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We will start out with our high-volume products, which 
are going to be mostly consumer. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Barton from Cowen. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thanks. Bruce, in the same way you answered the gross margin question looking forward, could 
you elaborate a little bit on OpEx spending? I know you said growing slower than sales, but any other parameters as far 
as percentage of sales or ways that you're thinking about constraining it going forward? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Yeah, I think in general, 
we think about kind of 50%, but it so much depends on how strong the revenue is in the quarter and what is happening 
from an OpEx point of view. But as we've said, operating margin has increased in the last five quarters; we are at 28% 
right now from an operating margin point of view. 

We're down to actually just under 34% OpEx as a percent of revenue with R&D at about 22% and SG&A at 12. And so 
we're kind of at the high end of our range, of our desired range now. And so I do think we'll just continue to drive that 
down. I think if you look at the midpoint of our guidance for the September quarter, we're approaching 29%. So we'll 
just continue to make progress. And, while we kind of, the – what percent of OpEx growth versus revenue growth is so 
dependent on where the revenue is going and where we are in our cycles from a merit increase and focal. 

<Q - John Barton>: Okay. And Tunç, you've mentioned a couple of times the supply constraints, can you give us 
some sense of the magnitude of delinquent backlog exiting the last quarter, maybe exiting the September quarter? And 
maybe more importantly, how many lines down situations are out there from a customer perspective? And how was 
that impacting relationships from a design-in perspective? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, in terms of maybe one way to answer your first 
question is we probably could have shipped another 10% in the June quarter. Now in terms of our customer 
relationships clearly it is being managed carefully. We do have a good system that we've set up where our worldwide 
sales force is in good contact with our customers and we look at what their, what we call their drop dead requirements, 
and we get those inputs and we prioritize our manufacturing facility so that we're supporting those minimum 
requirements. 

Is it causing stress in some of our customers? The answer is yes. Is it really going to be permanent stress? I don't 
believe so. I think that the fact that we're in very close contact with them, we are telling them what we can do. And then 
really trying our hardest to make sure that we're supporting what we said and meeting our commitments. I think that 
goes a long way. So they appreciate the openness, they appreciate the fact that we're at least even in a supply 
constrained situation we're meeting what we told them in terms of deliveries. So I think that we're going to be able to 
get through this. 

<Q - John Barton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Your question please. 


<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, thanks guys and congratulations. Tunç, you talked about lead times stabilizing at the end of 
the quarter, book-to-bill in September still expected to be above one. I'm kind of curious, the lead times stabilizing was 
that you guys being able to catch up on the supply side? And with a book-to-bill greater than one, will bookings still 
grow sequentially? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. So you have several questions there, but I think 
it's stabilized because I think we came to a point where the difference I think between, what we were quoting them for 
deliveries and what they were placing on us as orders kind of stabilized. And I think that caused them to think that they 
don't have to place orders any further out. And that's a good sign. That's mainly because we have been able to increase 
our production capacity. So what was your second question? John, what was your second? 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Can you guys hear me? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, now we can. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yeah, Tunç you said book-to-bill above one in September. I'm not sure if you said sequential 
growth in absolute bookings quarter-on-quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, we did not give guidance on bookings and we'd 
rather not because it's very hard to project. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And then just one last quick one guys, relative to the 300 millimeter, understand the high volume 
products getting on to that. First, I'm kind of curious, Bruce, what we should think around cost and potential gross 
margin lift or maybe even top line growth as you maybe you can go after other markets a little bit more price 
aggressively without degrading margins. How do we think about that sort of dynamic? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Sure, so when we think 
about 300 millimeter at Maxim first off, we really see it as a gross margin strategy not as a revenue strategy. We think 
we win our business based on having kind of best-in-class engineering, innovative products, high integration. And so 
we don't think necessarily we win business by kind of coming in with the low price. We win business because we're the 
best engineers. 

I think from a cost point of view, obviously once we win that business based on engineering, we want to have the 
lowest possible cost base so that we can be profitable in these very high volume consumer businesses. And when I say 
be profitable, support our target gross margins in the low 60s. And so that's really how we see it. 

I think there's been numbers out there about 300 millimeter and the savings that that can provide around 20, 30%. But 
then you always have to remember that that's just at the fab side and fab's only about half the cost. So you have to kind 
of reduce that as well. But overall for the consumer type products, 300 millimeter is a – it's a great gross margin 
strategy for us. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, let me just add to that. I mean the 300 millimeter 
capability is really to make us more competitive, as Bruce said, in the market and enable us to sustain our gross 
margins going forward and grow the business. It's really not a strategy to either just simply grow the top line with 
pricing and it's not a strategy to really drive our gross margins higher than our target. So long term, we want to remain 
at the target we're at. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ambriv Shriavasimo from BMO. Your question please. 

<Q>: Hi guys. Thanks. And just a question on bookings. Tunç, in the last quarter in order to allay some of the concerns 
about double booking, you had pointed out statistically, you said bookings were up 40% and they would have been 
have up 21% without extended lead times, is there a stat you could share with us in this quarter now that lead times 


have kind of stabilized? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It's good that you noticed that we did not mention 
that this time. So given the number of variables that go into this, it's really; it became more difficult this quarter to be 
able to do that adjustment. This occurs basically when the book to bill is really well above one, which is our case. And 
the fact that the lead times that have been extending for two to three quarters in a row, we realized that it really became 
difficult for us to be able to subtract out what we thought was just the lead time extension. So that's why we didn't do it, 
because we couldn't give an accurate number. The first or second time it happens I think we can pretty much figure it 
out. But if it happens three times in a row, it gets more difficult. 

<Q>: Okay, fair enough. And then my quick follow up is now if we look at the companies within the analog space, or 
for that matter outside of analog some companies are continuing to see extended lead times. Some companies are 
bringing them in, for instance TechSon has, I know you guys seem to have stabilized. So how is that playing out in the 
marketplace? Are we seeing share shifts yet or do you think there is something coming down the pike, which gives you 
more confidence that you have now won business that you had lost or how should we think about that? Thanks. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's – when so many things are moving around right 
now, both in markets, in demand, and in terms of the products that we're selling, I think it's really difficult to try to 
make these predictions right now. I think things really need to get more stable before you can tell what's happened in 
the aftermath. I think trying to make predictions on who's gaining share and who's losing share et cetera. If I were 
trying to do this, this would not be the time to do that with so many moving parts. I think we need a more stable 
environment. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mahesh Sanganeria from RBC Capital Markets. Your question 
please. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Thanks. A question on the consumer side, you had a pretty nice growth and you talked 
about LCD TV and handset. And on LCD side, there is definitely a lot of concern of excess inventory. Is it fair to 
assume that the September quarter growth is primarily going to come from industrial and comm? And if that is that 
case, shouldn't that help your gross margin going forward? Why are you guiding gross margin down? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first of all, we do – I mean our consumer market, 
we do sell products both to LCD TVs and to cell phones. So we do see strong order growth in the cell phone space. I 
would say that in line with what you said the LCD TV is stabilizing some more. So we are seeing, or we are projecting 
revenue growth in the consumer market as well as the industrial market. 

So that's the reason why at least at this point we don't really see a major shift that we can predict for this quarter. That 
really doesn't get determined until you reach the end of the quarter frankly. That's why we have the range for gross 
margin because we don't know how to tell exactly what the mix is going to be like. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: And specifically on the computing, is that something that's going to grow in the 
September quarter? Because you have three components, you have financial terminals and storage, and computing how 
are those segments doing in September quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Just give us a second. We're just looking it up. So 
if you – as I said, again it's a word of caution there, it's hard to exactly say this, but from our projections at this point, I 
think there will be some slight decline in the overall computing market revenues. 

<Q - Mahesh Sanganeria>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from Macquarie. Your question please. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Great. Thank you very much. On the bookings question, just to clarify, did you say earlier that 
your bookings were flat with the March quarter? And then can share with us with your lead times at 14 weeks, maybe 
you can share with us when the last time you guys experienced lead times that extended before? And then I have a 
quick follow-up. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: On your first question, the answer is yes. The June 
quarter bookings were pretty much flat with March quarter bookings. On your question about lead times extending to 
14 weeks, I actually right now don't remember when that occurred. But if we can – in the next 10 minutes if we can 
figure it out, we'll let you know from our records. I don't think we have that record set here. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Maybe in a follow-up call, Bruce can answer it. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: And then if I may, can you share with us what is going on in the pricing environment? Have 
you guys been seeing price increases or better than normal price stability and what are your pricing expectations as we 
go forward for the next several quarters? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We really have not seen anything that's unusual in the 
pricing environment. We always have pressure from our customers to give them price reductions. That's really not that 
much different than before. So I would say that the pricing environment is pretty stable and just like it's ever been in the 
analog market. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Of course that changes. Just to qualify that, that changes 
when you have a commodity product. So our goal is to have value-added product and stay out of the commodity area 
where pricing fluctuates a lot more. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Danely from JPMorgan. Your question please. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: Hey, thanks guys. I guess just a follow-up on some of the end market questions. Can you just 
give us your sense of what you think is your strongest end market right now? And then maybe talk a little bit about how 
you expect the end markets or your end markets to perform in Q3 and Q4 if you care to hazard a guess relative to 
normal seasonality? And have you seen the bookings strengthen or weaken in any of your various end markets 
recently? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: In terms of our end markets, your first question is about 
the strength in these major market segments, I'd say that qualitatively the consumer market is really showing the largest 
amount of strength followed by the industrial. So those are the two that we're seeing strength in. Predicting Q3 and 
beyond is really difficult for us. So I think I'm not going to take a shot at that right now. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: So – but would you say that consumer and industrial are, I guess, stronger than normal 
seasonality and PC and comm are a little weaker than normal seasonality in Q3 or are they fairly close? 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: So Chris, this is Bruce. I 
think our consumer business is normally strong in the September quarter. And it is where I think we're probably doing a 
little bit better there just because of the cell phones and the design wins that we've won there. So I think that business is 
doing well. 


I think the industrial market is doing well. That's probably above seasonal for a typical industrial business. I think 
there's still some follow-through demand from coming out of the recovery. In addition, we have kind of our business in 
control and automation that's doing well. And the Teridian acquisition, again, we kind of called out the impact, but we 
get the full quarter benefit of Teridian this quarter as well. And that market overall in general is doing well. So we feel 
good about that. 

I think the comm market is growing, but at a lower level. And we continue to do well there in the infrastructure 
business and kind of the fiber optic business in Asia. And that's going to be – I think that's going to be a steady, slightly 
lumpy growth. So it's hard to predict seasonality there. That's more about sort of the cycles that are occurring whether 
they're in China or India or in the U.S. with some of the PONs deployments here. 

And then as Tunç said, I think from a notebook point of view, from a computing point of view, we expect in 
computing, storage we think is going to have good growth in the September quarter. The new 6 gig expander products 
are starting to roll out. We have good design wins there. So that business is doing well. Financial terminals continues to 
do well. And then as Tunç indicated on the notebook side, it's tough to tell, but right now we're looking at some 
softness there. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: And do you think that's more a result of you guys choosing not to participate in lower margin 
businesses? Or is it a market issue? 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think it looks to us more like a market issue 
than it is us. Because we already have this basically exiting the commodity markets, we've already done that. So we're – 
I think we're looking more at something going on there in the market in terms of, it might be they got more inventory 
then they need of end equipment. We don't quite have exact visibility into all that. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: I think it's worthwhile 
pointing out, Chris obviously we've taken, our exposure to the notebook market now is dramatically less than it was a 
few years ago. And we've been kind of at the 10% range as a percent of our business. So I don't think we're probably 
the best – we're not as tied to the notebook business. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: [inaudible]. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Yeah, so we don't have 
maybe the insights some others might have. 

<Q - Chris Danely>: Got it. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Your question please. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, guys. Can you hear me? 

<A>: Yes, sir. 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hey, just one quick clarification. The computing segment as a whole, did you expect that to be 
up or down? I was a little confused by the granularity did you gave, which usually is very helpful. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: I think overall, I think we 
still expect that to probably be down slightly in the quarter. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Okay. And then on the distribution side of your business, can you first remind us what 
percentage of your total revenues come from distribution? Talk about what the disti resales did in the quarter. And then 
there's been some concern recently after I think Arrow's call with their inventory rising. What your view is on 


component inventory for Maxim components in the distribution channel. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Sure. So distributions, 
external distributions still around in the mid-20, I think it was around 26% in the June quarter. Resales continued to be 
strong. They were up 13% in the quarter. As we kind of indicated on the call, there was a little of inventory restocking. 
We went from 53 days to 56. Our distributors have been pushing to get some more product in there in order to support 
their end customers. Generally I think as you know, Ross, they like to run around, the low-60s. And so as our supply 
situation has been improving, we've been able to give them a little bit more inventory. But at 56 days, it's still kind of 
well below historical levels, and we're still seeing the strong resales. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Just two real quick housekeeping ones. What do think we should think for tax rate for the full 
fiscal year? And then how should we think about stock-based comp for the year? Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Sure. So I think from a 
tax rate point of view, we're – the 36%, 30 – excuse me, 33% that we guided for Q1 is probably a good number to use. 
We're going to try to beat that for the full year but for now I think that's the conservative number to use. And then from 
an SBC point of view, it's probably going to be relatively kind of flat at the number where it's at now at about 25 
million a quarter. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Thanks. 

<A - Paresh Maniar, Director-Investor Relations>: Operator, let's take one more question and then end the call. 

Operator 

Certainly. Our final question comes from the line of Terence Whalen from Citi. Your question, please. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Hi, thanks for fitting me in. The first question relates to – you give your numbers obviously 
for three months backlog, my question is how are trends looking in the out-quarter backlog? In the December quarter 
backlog versus one quarter ago how that out quarter was looking for the September quarter. So in other words, beyond 
the 90 day period, how does out-quarter backlog beyond that look? Are you as full for December now as you were for 
September one quarter ago? Thank you. 

<A - Bruce E. Kiddoo, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer>: Okay. So Terence, This is 
Bruce. So, normally we don't provide that. And given kind of all the dynamics that are occurring in bookings right now, 
I'm not sure it would be something that would be useful, even ourselves internally looking at that. So I think from our 
point of view we're really looking at what is our revenue, what's our end demand? And certainly we're continuing to 
show sort of that 8 to 10% growth a quarter at least certainly through the September quarter. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: ...since the lead time is extended; you would assume 
there's more in December that there was in the June quarter. I mean, so I'm sure there's an increase, but we'd rather not 
talk about the number. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't really watch it because it doesn't help us. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Fair enough. On the second question, a little bit more longer-term oriented, I think you said 
Tunç that 28% of revenue was highly integrated products, up about nine points from two years ago. My question is, 
two years from now, what would you expect that number to be? And what specific application if there are one or two 
application areas will drive that move to the higher integrated product? Thank you. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it's, I'm going to admit here, we had predicted 
these numbers maybe five, six years ago originally. And they grew at a slower rate than we had predicted back then. So 


I am – I don't think I am ready to predict what's going to happen two or three years out. But I know directionally it's 
going to continue because that's the direction we're driving from a strategy standpoint; making these highly integrated 
products really gives us an unfair advantage against many of our competitors. 

So for that reason we are going to drive that number intentionally. And we're going to drive it pretty much in most of 
the market segments that we're in. Sometimes our investors think that this really is a consumer strategy, it's not. It's a 
consumer strategy, we see it in industrial, our automotive customers are asking for high integration products. Many of 
the products that we see for security cameras in industrial, I mean, they're all system-on-a-chip type products. We're 
driving it in other industrial applications like energy metering and measurement, those are all associated. 

So pretty much in every single market segment we're hearing this need from our customers to be able to design more of 
their system by us rather than them trying to put together a complex system. 

And they also see the advantage in terms of how fast they can design our product in because we've solved most of the 
problems. They see that they can save space in their system, improve their reliability because they've got fewer 
components in their system. So it really is kind of in every single major market you can think of, we have plans to 
make some highly integrated products for those. 

Now having said that we still need to develop building blocks that are high-performance. And we are continuing to do 
that because those give us the IT that we need, the blocks that we need to make the high integration parts. And those 
still are also required by some of our other, basically mostly the industrial markets, but also in other markets where new 
things come onboard, customers can only apply those quickly if they have these high-performance blocks. 

So we're driving the strategy to go in that direction and increase that number from 28%. But to what numbers it's going 
to reach in the next two, three years, I'm going to refrain myself from predicting that right now. 

<Q - Terence Whalen>: Okay. Thanks for the color and congratulations. 

<A - Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Paresh Maniar, Director-Investor Relations 

Thank you, Jonathan. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We would like to thank you for your continued 
participation and interest in Maxim. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


