Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 
• Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer 
• Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Tore Svanberg 
• John Pitzer 
• Doug Freedman 
• Blayne Curtis 
• Venk Nathamuni 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Maxim Integrated Products second quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. 
Today's call is being recorded. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Mr. Paresh Maniar, Director, Executive 
Director of Investor Relations for Maxim Integrated Products. Mr. Maniar, please go ahead. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to our fiscal second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. With me on the 
call today are Chief Executive Officer, Tunç Doluca and Chief Financial Officer, Bruce Kiddoo. 

There are some administrative items that I'd like to take care of before we cover our results. First, we will be making 
forward-looking statements on this call and in light of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, I'd like to remind 
you that statements we make about the future, including our intentions or expectations or predictions of the future, 
including but not limited to possible statements regarding bookings and turns orders, revenues and earnings, inventory 
and spending levels, manufacturing efficiency or capacity, projected end market consumption of our products, and any 
other future financial results are forward-looking statements. 

If we use words like anticipate, believe, project, forecast, plan, estimate, or variations of these words and similar 
expressions relating to the future, they are intended to identify forward-looking statements. It is important to note that 
the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional 
information about risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business are contained in the company's SEC 
filings on Form 10-K for the year ended June 28, 2008. Copies can be obtained from the company or the SEC. 

Second, in keeping with the SEC's fair disclosure requirement, we've made time available for a question-and-answer 
period at the end of today's call. This will be your opportunity to ask questions of management concerning the quarterly 
results and expectations for the next quarter. An operator will provide instructions at that time. We again request that 
participants limit themselves to one question and one follow-up question during the Q&A session. 


I'll now pass the call over to Bruce. 

Bruce E. Kiddoo, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Paresh. Let me start by saying the economic environment continues to be very challenging. We are uncertain 
as to the depth, duration and speed of recovery out of this recession. We are accordingly taking actions to reduce costs 
and optimize cash flow over the next few quarters. We believe these actions, combined with the strength of our 
business model and cash on hand, will allow us to weather this storm and be well positioned to emerge stronger than 
when we entered. 

Let us review our second quarter financial results. Revenue for the second quarter was 410.7 million, a decline of 18% 
from the first quarter, and at the low end of the guidance range. Revenue was down across all four end markets. Our 
revenue mix by the end market in Q2 was approximately 27% for both consumer and computing, 24% for industrial 
and 22% communications. 

In the consumer end market, revenue from the cell phone segment declined significantly due to weak end demand and 
inventory reductions by key customers. However, we continue to be encouraged by the initial ramp of our power 
management, multimedia and multifunction design wins in cell phones. In the communications end market, the revenue 
decline of 10% was less than the other three end markets as the base station market segment continues to benefit from 
the Asia infrastructure build out. 

In the industrial end market, our revenue decline was due to broad based weakness. 

And finally, in the computing end market, our revenue declined as expected in the notebook segment due to lower end 
demand, excess channel inventory and the impact of the transition from Santa Rosa to Montevina. 

In the distribution channel, revenue was down less than the overall company percentage, consistent with our comment 
last earnings call that distribution was impacted earlier by the economic environment in our fiscal Q1, while OEM 
customers began to significantly reduce their orders in Q2. 

During Q2, we had significant special expense items related to our equity programs and cost reduction activities. These 
charges totaled 125.9 million on a pre-tax basis and included 42.3 million for tendered and expiring options, 43.8 
million for the write-off of testers and related equipment as we transitioned to more efficient test platforms, 13.6 
million for severance and restructuring in manufacturing and in the business units, and 12 million for accelerated 
depreciation related to the ramp down of our Dallas wafer fab. Further details of these items, including how they 
impact cost of goods sold and operating expenses, can be found at the bottom of the P&L table in our earnings press 
release. 

GAAP gross margin, excluding special items, declined to 55% in Q2 due to lower factory utilizations, higher inventory 
reserves, and higher stock-based compensation. We took specific actions in Q2 to lower operating expenses, including 
reducing head count in our business units by 140 employees, closing offices and cutting back on variable costs. These 
reductions were offset primarily by the Mobilygen acquisition. Overall, operating expenses, excluding special items, 
increased by 2.4 million. Total stock-based compensation expense in Q2, excluding expense for tendered and expired 
options, was 41.6 million. 

The GAAP tax rate for Q2 benefited from the reinstatement of the R&D tax credit, which was retroactive to the 
beginning of calendar year 2008. GAAP loss per share was $0.12, including $0.26 in special items. Excluding special 
items, earnings per share was $0.13. This compares to $0.27 of GAAP earnings per share, excluding special items, in 
Q1. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash flow from operations was 71.5 million after 28.1 million in payments for tendered 
and expiring options. Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments decreased by 331 million in the second 
quarter to 925.5 million primarily due to 235.1 million for the repurchase of 18.1 million shares of Maxim stock, 62.3 
million for cash dividends, 42.6 million for tax payments for restricted stock units that vested during the restatement 


period and in Q2, 33 million for the acquisition of Mobilygen and 28.6 million in payments for property and 
equipment. 

Inventory dollars declined by 4% due to our proactive steps to lower output in the quarter. This is the second 
consecutive quarterly decline as inventory dropped 3% in Q1. We expect inventory to decline again in Q3. Average 
days sales outstanding declined to 47 days from 49 days in Q1 in spite of the difficult economic period. Capital 
expenditures totaled 38 million in Q2 or 9% of revenue. 

On October 13, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $750 million of the company's common 
stock. During the December quarter, we repurchased 18.1 million shares of Maxim stock for $235 million. On January 
28, our Board of Directors authorized a cash dividend for the second quarter of fiscal 2009 of $0.20 per share. Our 
share repurchase and dividend programs demonstrate our confidence in our long-term business model and commitment 
to return capital to shareholders. 

Moving on to guidance. During Q2, our bookings declined by 34% and turns orders declined by an identical 34%. Our 
beginning current quarter backlog of net realizable revenue for Q3 is 206.4 million, a decline of 30% from the prior 
quarter. Based on our bookings and beginning backlog, we expect Q3 revenue to decline by 20 to 30% sequentially. 

We expect the largest decline in the computing end market with the notebook segment continuing to decline 
significantly. Based on discussions with our customers, we believe there is still excess inventory in the channel and 
order patterns will remain depressed during Q3. 

The consumer end market will be affected by the normal seasonal decline compounded by the current macro 
conditions. In the cell phone segment, Maxim's sequential revenue will decline, but we will gain market share due to 
the numerous designs won in calendar 2008. The industrial end market will decline the least during this seasonally 
strong quarter of that market with the medical segment performing the best. 

Communications end market revenues are expected to decline less than the corporate average as government stimulus 
packages in several countries emphasize infrastructure build-outs partially offset by reduced enterprise spending. 

Based on the continued revenue decline, factory utilizations will decline from 73% in Q2 to approximately 65% in Q3. 
As a result, Q3 gross margin, excluding special items, is estimated to decline to 50 to 53% due to further reduction in 
overhead absorption and charges for underutilized assets. We continue to actively work on several cost reduction 
initiatives with the most significant being the closure of our Dallas fab. This is on schedule for Q4 and will result in a 
$10 million reduction in quarterly spending, plus the elimination of the 12 million special charge for accelerated 
depreciation both in Q1 of fiscal 2010. 

Moving to operating expenses, due to the lower projected revenue, we are taking specific and immediate actions that 
will reduce operating expenses excluding stock-based comp by approximately 15 million during the March quarter. 
Tunç will provide details about these actions. Furthermore, we are actively planning additional cost reductions for Q4, 
which we currently estimate will lower operating expenses by another 10 million in Q4. Overall in Q3, we expect 
stock-based comp of approximately 34 to 37 million and special expense items of approximately 15 to 17 million. 

For GAAP earnings per share excluding special items, we expect to break even plus or minus a couple of pennies. We 
will of course make a strong effort to remain profitable. In Q3, we expect cash flow from operations to increase 
sequentially since payments for tendered and expiring options will not recur. This will be offset by dividends, potential 
share repurchases, possible acquisitions, and payments for capital equipment. 

Due to the lower revenue, for FY '09 we are reducing our estimated capital expenditures to about $130 million, a 40% 
decline over fiscal year '08. Our prior guidance was 150 million to 175 million. Our strong cash flow and current cash 
balance provide us tremendous flexibility in this uncertain environment to repurchase our stock, take advantage of 
acquisition opportunities, or operate our business without disruption if the current economic crisis worsens or continues 
for an extended time period. 

I will now hand the call over to Tunç to discuss our business. 


Tunç Doluca, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bruce. Thank you all for joining our call and good afternoon. The credit crisis that gripped major 
economies around the world resulted in a precipitous decline in consumer spending. As enterprises saw demand for 
their products evaporate, they cut back on spending as well. As a result, over a mere three to four months, demands for 
semiconductors declined at a rate far greater than anyone anticipated. We are all well aware of the impact of Q3 
revenue projections on our profitability. We therefore launched a series of actions to determine our optimal response. 

First, we launched an intensive analysis of the current state of our major end markets. We surveyed several customers 
to assess the number of weeks of inventory of Maxim product in their supply chain. 

We then went a step further. We asked those customers to tell us how many weeks of inventory of their finished goods 
are sitting on the shelves of their customs. Finally we compared this combined inventory to our lead times. For Maxim, 
cell phones represent the largest share of the consumer end market. At our major handset customers, the analysis of 
their phones in the channel with Maxim product, they have an inventory indicates that they should need to begin 
ordering now. 

This is encouraging, albeit not certain. As a barometer of the computing end market, we analyzed the notebook and 
display market end customers. A similar analysis of the notebook market channel inventory is not as encouraging as 
cell phones. We believe it will take another quarter for order rates from this market segment to recover. The LTD 
market fell somewhere in between notebooks and cell phones as slow pick up in orders likely to materialize in the near 
term. 

We reviewed similar inputs for the communications end market. In the networking, datacom and wireless infrastructure 
market segments our analysis indicates that most customers should need to start placing orders now. Finally, we believe 
there is a quarter or more of inventory in the channel for industrial end market products. However, the typically longer 
customer lead times for such products will require them to increase bookings after the next few months. 

Having shared this analysis with you, we are not projecting revenue to rebound to summer 2008 levels any time soon. 

We therefore took several actions to reduce spending in the March quarter. First, our employees will be taking five 
days off without pay. Second, we suspended our 401(k) company matching program. Third, annual bonuses are being 
reduced to reflect lower profitability. Fourth, we have two weeks of fab shutdown during Q3. Fifth, we reduced 
manufacturing test operation work hours by 20%. Sixth, all discretionary spending is being reduced to the extent 
possible. And lastly, the Dallas fab shutdown is on track and will be completed as scheduled in fiscal Q4. 

The above actions will reduce our fiscal Q3 operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation by approximately 
$15 million versus Q2. We are putting plans in place to further reduce our spending in Q4. 

I will now turn to our end markets to provide some additional commentary. From a bookings perspective, all four end 
market markets were down in fiscal Q2 compared to Q1. Industrial was down the least sequentially primarily because 
we saw weakness in industrial ahead of the other end markets as we described in our previous call. 

First, consumer. Q2 bookings for this end market reflected weak sales of consumer products during the holiday season. 
However in 2008, we had scored significant design wins in many high-end handsets and these are coming to market 
now. We're currently seeing a noticeable upturn in orders for Maxim ICs that go into these new phones. 

Smartphones and 3G are a hot category. This trend benefits us, because Maxim focuses on the high end of mobile 
phones and smartphones. In the long term, we also expect to see revenue growth in our touch-screen products, which 
are built on our advanced data converter technology, as well as our proprietary high voltage processes. 

Second, computing. We expect to see growth in revenue from our computing products by the middle of the calendar 
year as our customers need to work through their inventory. We've been winning designs in display products, such as 
monitors and notebook LCD panels and those will start to ramp by mid calendar year. This will add to our already 
sizeable revenue in this market. On the bright side, we are seeing both near term and long term growth in our secure 
point-of-sale terminal products, as more businesses and governments convert from cash to electronic financial 


transactions. 

Third, communications. Despite the current macroeconomic woes, Maxim is well-positioned in growing markets such 
as DPON, synchronous Ethernet and wireless infrastructure. We see China as a stronger growth driver. Their planned 
economy makes them less impacted by economic cycles and Chinese carriers plan significant capital spending on 3G 
rollouts, which would drive demand for both wireless and wireline equipment. 

In the long term, we expect growth to continue in the 3G area driven by the need for infrastructure support for high 
definition video transmission. Maxim will benefit from this long term growth because of our strength in mixed signal 
technology. 

Finally, industrial. During the December quarter, weakness was largely reflected in distribution orders. The downturn 
continued to be broad based, affecting almost all the segments, particularly, automatic test equipment, automotive and 
instrumentation measurement. Military market bookings were essentially flat. As noted earlier, we expect orders to start 
picking up a few months from now. This will be aided by a ramp up of orders from new design wins across a broad 
base of end market segments such as particularly, medical. 

Also in the near term, we are seeing increased demand for our mixed-signal products in utility meters, as utility 
companies increasingly automate their reading techniques in order to improve efficiency. Our currently available 
products enable the development of meters can be read with a scanner instead of requiring a person to manually read a 
series of dials. Digital power meters also log when during the day the energy is being used, which permits variable rate 
billing and improves expansion planning. In the long term, meters will be equipped with Maxim technology that uses 
power lines to communicate back to the utilities, further improving reading efficiencies. 

In December, Maxim announced that it won a contract to design and develop the powerline communication 
specification and solution for a subsidiary of the French electricity authority. Maxim has partnered with Sagem to 
deliver the specification and hopes to deploy the solution throughout France. We expect this standard to also be 
adopted in other countries. 

Looking to the future, we plan to develop more products for the medical market as the population ages and focus is 
more on home diagnostics. We will benefit by combining our data converter, power management, microcontroller, 
authentication and high-voltage ultrasound expertise into system-level solutions for our customers. Additionally, our 
distribution partner is continuing to identify new business opportunities and we see a definite month-over-month 
increase in identified sockets and designing it. 

Our strategy is to invest in long term profit growth and take short term spending control measures as necessary. We 
considered the following when managing this balance. One, we took strategic actions throughout the past year even 
before the financial crisis began. Our head count dropped by 1,000 in calendar 2008. This included restructuring 
actions to discontinue or reduce R&D investments in several product lines and shrinked our workforce as a result in 
February and December of 2008. 

Two, we invested in new product areas and technologies by small strategic acquisitions as well as internal programs to 
grow our business. And three, and perhaps most importantly, we made our decisions based on our longstanding 
knowledge that A) good mixed-signal engineers whether design applications, test or process development are hard to 
find and B) it takes multiple years of internal training to turn this talent into productive engineers. Our core strength 
and most important competitive advantage are our mixed-signal engineers. I am confident that the actions we're taking 
will enable Maxim to weather the current macroeconomic storm and emerge from it a winner. 

All of us in the Maxim family January was marred by the sad news of Jack Gifford's untimely passing. Jack founded 
and led Maxim with amazing enthusiasm and energy for 24 years and established the innovative and competitive 
culture that defines Maxim today. For many of the employees, including me, he was a second father. Not only was he a 
great mentor professionally but he also came to our aid in times of personal crisis. We will truly miss him dearly. 

Now I'll turn the call back to Paresh. 


Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

That is the end of our prepared comments. We will now welcome your questions. Please limit yourself to one question 
with one follow-up. Operator, please begin polling for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Uche Orji from UBS. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Parvat for Uche. Your comments about booking patterns during the December quarter, would it be 
right to say that the March quarter is the trough and we should see some kind of growth starting from June? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, if we look into the survey we did and we look at, and also considering the fact that that 
survey is really not that comprehensive, the visibility is really poor for us to be able to definitely call when we've gone 
through the minimum. So it's really difficult for us to answer that question. And I think that's true for most of the other 
semiconductor companies as well. 

<Q>: Okay. Fair enough. And coming to your channel inventories. Could you give some kind of indication as to where 
they are heading at the end of the March quarter? At what level do you plan to bring them down to? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, okay, so that's in terms of your channel inventory question, as I mentioned in the prepared 
statements, we looked at some of our major markets to determine what this inventory position was both in the channel 
and at our customers themselves in their manufacturing facility. And when we look at these markets, in the cell phone 
market, for instance, we think that the channel and retailer levels for the customers we sell to have come to a level 
where they need to start ordering from us. However on the other hand, if we looked at the notebook market, we saw 
that the inventory was still high, both in terms of notebooks and in terms of our product at manufacturers. So that will 
take a bit longer. And we think that finally in the market for infrastructure, mostly base stations and datacom markets, 
we believe that when you take into consideration their inventory and also their lead time requirements, we think they 
also should start to order now. 

<A - Paresh Maniar>: Could we move on to the next caller please? 

Operator 

Certainly. Our next question comes from Tore Svanberg. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Yes, thank you. First question is Bruce, can you just give us a flavor again about cash items in 
the March quarter? So outside of dividend, buyback and CapEx, will there be any other cash expenses? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: No,. I mean when we look at our forecast, those are the clearly guaranteed things. Obviously, 
we're going to continue to the extent that we see competitive acquisitions out there, we'll look at that. And we still have 
the authorization underneath our share repurchase program, which will, we're going to, we continue to evaluate on an 
opportunistic basis. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: And it looks like you can continue to pay your dividends from the cash flow from operations. Is 
that the goal throughout '09 as well? Do you feel you'll be able to do that? Or do you also maybe potentially have to dip 
into your cash balance for that? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, essentially in terms of the dividend we review this on an annual basis in the fiscal Q1 with 
the board extensively. And when the board essentially approves the dividend payment every quarter and they had 
approved it for the second quarter. When we do our reviews both quarterly and annually, it includes the review of our 
projections of profitability and cash flow. And we really take those decisions one at a time but we continue to believe 


that we want to continue our dividend payments. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: And Tore, for the third quarter we do expect that will be able to pay our dividend out of free 
cash flow. 

<Q - Tore Svanberg>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: And we're continuing as we talked about to continue to reduce our costs as well. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Yes, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Tunç, you did a good job in the current 
quarter kind of delineating the 15 million in cost savings. I think you said there was additional 10 million potential in 
the fiscal fourth quarter. Is that just more of the same or can you walk through what drives the additional 10 million in 
the fiscal fourth quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: It is, it's a combination of things that we're going to do. We are not quite ready to announce 
publicly what they all are. But it will be a combination of time off without pay and several other items that we're 
working on. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: And so we should think about OpEx coming down an additional 10 million sequentially – at least 
expenses if not OpEx expenses, is that the right way to look at it? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Absolutely, we should see OpEx come down and in addition we should see in the fourth quarter 
stock based comp come down as well. So clearly we're continuing to push forward. And then as we have said before in 
the, at that COGS line, right, we'll complete our Dallas fab closure. We might see a small benefit in the fourth quarter, 
but primarily we're going to see a very large benefit in the first quarter, right, as kind of the 10 million in spending goes 
away and the 10 million, 10 to 12 million of accelerated depreciation goes away as well. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: In terms of, as my follow-up, relative to the sort of the survey analysis you did on inventory in 
your different end markets. I appreciate the insights. Implicit in that is some sort of assumption around end 
consumption, as you think about when inventory needs to be reloaded. And I guess I was hoping you can maybe share 
kind of your assumptions on end consumptions in the cell phone and the PC market? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay. Well, part of that analysis was actually, and I want to make sure I preface this, this is not 
an extremely comprehensive study. So we took a sampling of some of our major customers in each one of these 
markets. But part of that analysis was to ask them the question of what they believe the end consumption of their 
products were going to be. So it did include that. But I think that it's, I don't think it's appropriate for us to tell you 
exactly what they said by customer or by end market. But we did include that, what our customers thought the end 
consumption of their products were going to be, selling through to consumers. 

<Q - John Pitzer>: Perfect. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Freedman from Broadpoint. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. First, I noticed the CapEx number for the year still 
pretty strong as a percentage of revenue. Can you give us a little idea of where that CapEx is going and when you think 
you can ramp that down to maybe maintenance levels? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So it's down 40% year-over-year. And we took it down to the $130 million rate from the kind of 
prior guidance of 150 to 170. So above maintenance, Doug, the one area that we are investing in is really new 


technology both from a fab point of view and on the, and on new test platforms as well. And while we're clearly doing 
that very selectively, we believe from kind of a long term competitive advantage, we need to continue investing in that 
technology. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Yes, we also, just to add to that, we're also, when Bruce says new technology, we're also investing 
in some new technology to improve our productivity like in electronic design automation for engineers, that's also a 
part of that. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Can you spend a little bit of time and talk about, it looks like you're doing quite a bit to sort of 
just bring the organizational structure in line. When do we think that, at what revenue level will you return gross 
margins to north of 60%? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yeah, I think the key question there is, obviously, we're taking very significant actions as far as 
shutting down the Dallas fab. We'll just continue doing our cost reductions until we get to that, back to our target gross 
margin. So the real key is going to be where does revenue stabilize at and that's the question we don't know. But until 
we figure that out, we're just going to continue reducing costs until we get to that target revenue – excuse me, target 
gross margin. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Casey Ravikumar from with RBC Capital. 

<Q>: Yeah. Hi guys. Can you give some thoughts on assuming the orders do pick up towards the end of this quarter 
and we see some uptick in to next quarter, would it be possible for you guys to put out some thoughts on what do you 
think your gross margins should trend into the next quarter? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yeah. Again, for us it all depends on how fast we can take out cost. We talked about Dallas, we 
talked about reductions we've made in our back end in both from removing some testers and also reducing the works 
hours in our test lines. But to figure out exactly what that gross margin will be will depend on where the revenue comes 
out. And we're not giving that guidance because we just don't have that good of visibility yet for the fourth quarter. 

<Q>: Okay. Can you comment on how was your bookings being up to this point in the quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, that's very difficult to do because well, for one reason we have stopped giving our bookings 
levels in the current quarter. But another one it's particularly difficult this quarter because the first week was pretty 
much the New Year's week and this week is the Chinese New Year week. So it's difficult to really completely assess 
how bookings are growing and try to project it for the fiscal quarter. 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: It's definitely been lumpy. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Craig Berger from FBR Capital Markets 

<Q>: Hey guys, this is Rob. Thanks for taking my question. I guess based on your revenue can you give us an idea of 
how much you guys expect in terms of turns orders this quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay. So in terms of our turns orders, first of all the level of turns orders required for us to fulfill 
in the quarter is not really much different than it was in the previous quarters. So it's not in any different model than 
what we had in Q2 or Q1 for that matter. Bruce, do you want to give the numbers? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: No. It's roughly a third. 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: About 30, 33. A third. 


<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: I mean, we came in with just over 200 million in backlog and at the midpoint, we're at 310 here. 
So I think we feel that there is nothing extraordinary that has to happen in order to hit our guidance range. 

<Q>: Okay. And for, just as a follow-up for modeling purposes, if I look at calendar 3Q, do we add back some of these 
temporary OpEx savings that you're getting in the next quarter? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: I think for calendar, talking about the summer quarter, for that quarter, we're going to have to 
make that decision later on how much of it we're going to continue to have and how much of it will be discontinued. It's 
too early to call that right now. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from CV Lee from SpearAxe. 

<Q>: Thank you for taking my question. I just had a quick question as to the current state of business you're seeing. 
How was January bookings relative to November and December? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Yeah, I think a similar question was asked before. The January quarter is very difficult for us to 
be able to predict from, because as Bruce said, it's really lumpy. We've got two large vacations, one is the worldwide 
New Year's week, the first week is. And then the last week this year happens to be the Chinese New Year. So those 
have a big influence on the bookings levels in that month. So it's difficult for us to be able to give any projections. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Blayne Curtis from Jefferies and Company. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Good afternoon, guys. Tunç, I was just trying to better understand your inventory study a little 
bit. I understand the computer and consumer. I was trying to better understand the industrial. You talked about a quarter 
or more inventory, maybe you could tell me what a normal rate there is? And I think you mentioned that since the lead 
times were longer there you expect ordering. I was wondering if you could just give us some commentary on where the 
lead times have come as obviously everybody has come down here? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Okay. Well, first of all, in terms of our customer lead times in the previous quarter and this 
quarter, for us, they really have not changed much from the previous quarters. And our lead times we give them are 
about the same as what they ask of us, so we pretty much match it. In terms of your question on what our analysis said 
for the communications end market, for that end market, we analyzed two sets of customers. One was customers in the 
networking datacom and the other one was wireless infrastructure. And in those markets what we found was that there 
was really not that much of an inventory, both at the customers and they usually ship directly to their customers. So 
there is no retail inventory there. So in that market, we expect them to be starting to order now in the very, very near 
future. The other comments I made about longer lead times and so on was for the industrial markets. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: That's what I was referring to. I think you mentioned a quarter or more of inventory? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Yeah. So in the industrial market, what we found was when we looked at our analysis that that 
market we had more inventory both at our customers and in the channel. So we had to be, that had to be consumed 
before any new orders were placed. But on the other hand that we do know that they always place their orders with us 
with longer lead times. They have more stable customers and stable sales. When we combine that two piece of 
information, we concluded that they should be ordering from us – roughly increasing their order rates roughly about 
two to three months from now. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. I was just trying to reconcile that. I guess you said industrial should be down the least of 
all the buckets. I was just trying to reconcile that with the inventory you're talking about. 


<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yeah. I think that is the difference between kind of the revenue and the increased bookings pace. 
And from a revenue point of view, this is the seasonally strong quarter for the industrial market. And so that was the 
reason it was down the least from a revenue point of view. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. And then just finally, your utilization rate at 65%, how does the Dallas shutdown affect 
that utilization rate? And then going forward, you had talked about moving a little bit towards the fab-lite with Seiko 
Epson, given these lower run rates, how does that change your analysis of what internal capacity you need? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, in terms of the Dallas fab, when it goes completely off line, it roughly has an impact of 
approximately about 10%. And in terms of our fab-lite strategy that still is in place, especially for our more cyclical 
consumer in computing type products. Currently, our use of Seiko Epson fab has dropped to about a quarter of what it 
was last year. So it's definitely is working in our favor. But our plan in the future is, as the business comes back, is to 
increase the utilization of Seiko Epson again, in parallel with our own internal fabs. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Venk Nathamuni from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Venk Nathamuni>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my call. This is Venk. This is a follow-up to the previous 
question. You talked about utilization rates going lower for the next quarter, but in terms of specifics, can you provide 
us is the 65% level kind of the trough level or do you see it going even further lower in the subsequent quarters? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Yeah, this is Bruce. I think as we kind of exit the Dallas fab and with fourth quarter being the 
last quarter for that, certainly that's going to drive the utilization rates even further as we start to move all of the 
processes out to San Antonio and to Beaverton. So I think we'll see decline in our utilization in Q4. And then you'll see 
that come up significantly as Tunç indicated when we get back to Q1. 

<Q - Venk Nathamuni>: All right. Also can you comment on the pricing environment, have you seen any major 
erosion in prices or do you think that's holding up pretty well in this tough macro environment? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, as you know, most of our product lines are proprietary and in those proprietary type product 
lines, we do have much better pricing control. Of course customers always ask for reductions. However in product lines 
that are more commoditized, either second sourced or equivalent functions that are available, there obviously is pricing 
pressure. But as I said, in the beginning, I mean, most of the Maxim product line is proprietary. So we are able to resist 
the requests from customers. 

<Q - Venk Nathamuni>: Okay. Thanks. And then a final question on the end market. You've been talking about some 
headwinds with regards to your notebook Montevina transition and how this affected your computing revenues. How 
much longer do you see that negative impact and when do you think that starts working in your favor and starts 
growing again? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Well, it's, what we had predicted or guided to a couple of calls ago, essentially was the Santa 
Rosa to Montevina transition would be behind this pretty much at the end of the December quarter and that essentially 
is happening. What else has happened in the mean time is really excess inventory of parts and computers in the 
markets. So that's caused an even bigger decline than we were expecting. And our competitors and other suppliers have 
seen that as well. So our focus really in the notebook area, as I said before, we've kind of only are pursuing products 
and spending research and development efforts in areas where we can make differentiated products. And most of our 
energy is being spent on other than power management, motherboard power management parts, we're spending energy 
on the battery products, on display products, other communications products, display port products and so on. So those 
products will begin to add to our revenue. But exactly when that's going to happen from our study, it looks like it's 
going to be about mid-year, mid calendar year, mainly because of all this inventory we see in the channel. 


Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Rob Kirschfurday for Ross. Thanks for taking my question. You guys did a pretty good job reducing 
absolute inventory. Can you give us some color on where you think it's going to trend either on a days basis or absolute 
basis over the next couple of quarters? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So for the third quarter, we expect it to decline again probably at about the same rate that it 
declined in the second quarter. And then beyond that, obviously depends on where revenue goes. But without question, 
we're pushing in absolute terms to get that number down as low as possible. 

<Q>: Okay. Fair enough. Did you take any charge-offs in the inventory or do you anticipate that? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: So we, as appropriate, we look at our inventory reserves every quarter and yes, we did take a 
charge for that. We just include that into our normal results and don't cull that out as a special item. 

<Q>: Presumably if it gets pretty small? 

<A - Bruce Kiddoo>: Not exactly. It's a number which I think we reported in the past. But it ranges in the kind of eight 
to $10 million. So that's about two basis points, 200 basis points, so -


<Q>: Okay. And just to go back to your earlier point about lead times. Your normal lead times, are they kind of four to 
six or eight to nine? How should we think about what you consider normal lead times? 

<A - Tunç Doluca>: Our average lead times are somewhere in the order of about eight weeks or so for the company. 
That's been that way for a long time. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I'm not showing any further questions in the queue at this time. 

Paresh Maniar, Executive Director, Investor Relations 

Okay. Thank you, operator. This concludes Maxim's conference call. We'd like to thank you for your continued 
participation and interest in Maxim. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference call. This does conclude the program. You 
may now disconnect. Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


