Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kris King, Investor Relations 
• Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Heather M. Bresch, President 
• John D. Sheehan, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
Other Participants 

• Elliot Wilbur 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Marc Goodman 
• Randall Stanicky 
• Christopher Schott 
• Richard Silver 
• David Buck 
• John Boris 
• Shibani Malhotra 
• Ronny Gal 
• Michael Tong 
• Ken Cacciatore 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Mylan's Second Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is 
being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris King. Please go ahead, madam. 

Kris King, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Nancy. Good afternoon, everyone. Joining me for today's call are Mylan's Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, Robert J. Coury; President, Heather Bresch; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John 
Sheehan; Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, Dan Rizzo; and Brian Byala, 
Senior Vice President and Treasurer. 

During today's call, including the Q&A, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those relating to our 
anticipated business levels, our future earnings, our planned activities, our anticipated growth, and other expectations 
and targets for future periods. 

Note that these statements are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995. Because these statements are forward-looking, they inherently involve risks and uncertainties, and 
accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 


Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in our 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 and in our other Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. You can access our Form 10-K and other SEC filings through the SEC website at www.sec.gov, 
and we'd strongly encourage you to do so. 

In addition, during this call, we will be referring to certain actual and projected financial metrics of Mylan on an 
adjusted basis, which are non-GAAP measures. It should be noted that non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted 
revenues, adjusted gross margins, and adjusted diluted EPS, should be used only as a supplement to – not as a 
substitute for, or as a superior measure to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
Please refer to today's earnings press release, which is available on our website, as it contains detailed GAAP to 
non-GAAP reconciliations of our actual 2010 and 2009 second quarter results, including the allocation of each 
reconciled item to specific income statement line items. 

Before I turn the call over to Robert, let me also remind you that the material in this call, with the exception of the 
participant questions, is the property of Mylan and cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Mylan's expressed 
written permission. 

With that, I will now turn the call over to Robert. 

Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Kris. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on today's call. Once again, I would like to 
start by sincerely thanking each and every one of our employees around the world for yet another great quarter. It is 
truly your continued outstanding hard work and dedication to Mylan that makes it possible for us to again deliver such 
strong results. 

We were able to deliver adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.37 despite many challenges including the delay of 
certain product approvals, global pricing pressures and the impact of negative currency trends. This quarter's strong 
result only continued to demonstrate the underlying strength of our overall business. 

Considering these results and several significant recent announcements we are now able to narrow our 2010 adjusted 
diluted earnings per share range to $1.55 to $1.65. Also, even though we haven't provided formal earnings guidance for 
2011, we remain confident in our forecast to achieve adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2 by the end of 2011. 
Before I turn the call over to our President, Heather Bresch, I would like to review at a high level a couple of our 
significant corporate achievements since our last earnings call. 

First, in May, we successfully raised 1.25 billion in long term notes. And with most of the proceeds, we prepaid 1 
billion of secured term loan borrowings. Second, I was also extremely pleased to be able to fulfill yet another one of 
our stated objectives by our recent announcement of our intention to acquire Bioniche Pharma, a high growth, global 
injectable pharmaceutical company. 

As we reported at the time of the announcement, this business is expected to be immediately accretive in year one, not 
accounting for any synergies. In addition, we expect Bioniche Pharma's growth rate to be well above our stated long 
term growth rates. The addition of Bioniche Pharma will only add further assurance in our ability to meet our stated 
objectives. 

With that said, I'd like to forward – I look forward to answering your questions, but I'd now like to turn the call over to 
Heather. 

Heather M. Bresch, President 

Thank you, Robert, and good afternoon, everyone. As Robert said, we're very pleased with our exceptional second 
quarter performance and remain confident in our ability to deliver 2010 results in line with the updated guidance we are 


announcing today. In addition, we're excited about the growth we see coming in '11, which we believe will result in 
earnings of $2 per share, as well as our long-term growth targets. 

During my prepared remarks, I'll provide you with more color around our performance during the past quarter and on 
what we expect as drivers to achieve the second half of '10 plus '11 and beyond. First, though, I'd like to take this 
opportunity to thank our employees. Their outstanding work ethic and commitment to excellence have once again made 
it possible for Mylan to deliver very strong results. 

I'd like to start by touching briefly upon a few of the elements of our 2010 guidance. First, in addition to narrowing our 
range for adjusted EPS, which Robert mentioned, we are tightening and revising our range for adjusted revenues. We 
now expect to generate revenues between 5.4 and 5.6 billion. 

Next our adjusted gross margin for the quarter was approximately 45% compared to our full year guidance range of 47 
to 49%. We've mentioned in the past that product mix is an important driver of gross margin, and approval delays in the 

U.S. played a role in this quarter's performance. 
Therefore, we remain confident in our ability to meet this element of our guidance due to recent approvals we've 
received on higher margin, limited competition products, higher Specialty business sales, our planned Bioniche Pharma 
acquisition and continued synergy realization in the second half of the year. 

Finally, as it relates to R&D, we are revising this element of our guidance to 5 to 6% from 6 to 7. Our adjusted 
expenditure for the quarter totaled 66 million, or approximately 5% of revenues. At this level of investment, our R&D 
activities are hitting on all cylinders, and our output remains very strong. 

We currently have 1,480 global product submissions pending approval, and we are on track to achieve our target of 
1,000 global submissions annually in 2010 through 2013. In addition, because of Bioniche Pharma's robust pipeline, we 
do not see a need for any meaningful external R&D activity during the remainder of the year. 

I'd like to turn now to the topic of pricing, which has received much attention lately. Our company has a very long 
history of delivering profitable growth in the U.S., which is by far one of the world's most competitive pharmaceutical 
markets. As such, we're very experienced at anticipating and responding to price and reimbursement cuts and managing 
fluctuations in volume. Now that we have a diversified global platform, we are able to effectively manage these same 
dynamics on even a larger scale and have more leverage available to manage, drive and grow our business. 

As we've stated before, we anticipated greater pricing pressure especially in Europe than in previous years and took 
these dynamics into consideration going into 2010. Though these pressures were slightly greater than what we 
anticipated, we have been able to absorb them. 

Being able to manage such dynamics creates tremendous opportunities for Mylan. In fact, we believe we are positioned 
to leverage our vertically and horizontally integrated capabilities, economies of scale and reliable and responsive 
supply chain across our global operations. All the hard work done over the last three years under the campaign of 
synergies has transformed us into a highly competitive organization. 

This tremendous advantage is the realization of the vision we set out to achieve when we brought together legacy 
Mylan, the former Merck business and Matrix Laboratories nearly three years ago. During those first three years we 
focused on executing the integration of the businesses and on capturing significant synergies. Our strong results 
throughout that period demonstrate our phenomenal success in that regard. Now that same resolve to succeed is paving 
the way for our strong top and bottom line growth in 2011 and beyond. 

Now I would like to walk you through the performance of our commercial operations. During the second quarter we 
generated total revenues of 1.37 billion compared to last year's second quarter total adjusted results of 1.27 billion. 
That's an increase of approximately 8%. Revenues grew in both our Generics and Specialty segments. 

On the bottom line, solid execution across our business allowed us to generate $0.37 of adjusted diluted EPS, a 16% 
increase over last year's second quarter result. This result is in line with our guidance. 


Within our Generics segment, our North America operations delivered third-party revenues for the second quarter of 
589 million, up 12% from last year's second quarter result of 526 million. The increase was driven by sales of new 
products and increased volumes on our base business. This performance is a true testament to the strength of critical 
mass in controlling your supply chain so as to seize on market opportunities. 

Our higher revenues also absorbed the loss of exclusivity on divalproex, which we enjoyed during last year's second 
quarter. Complementing this very strong performance was the record number of product approvals we received during 
the quarter from the FDA with a year-to-date total of 33. We have also launched to-date eight of the dozen limited 
competition products we expect to introduce by the year end. These achievements demonstrate the strength of our 
pipeline and are among the many reasons we're so confident about our future. 

I'd also like to add that we remain on track to achieve our full year target of 50 to 60 launches in the U.S. Currently in 
the U.S., we have 131 ANDAs pending FDA approval, representing about 92 billion in annual brand sales. And 41 of 
these pending ANDAs are potential first-to-file opportunities representing more than 21 billion in annual brand sales. 

In Canada, we saw local currency third-party sales grow about 19% versus the year ago quarter, led by products 
launched in the last 18 months. Pricing pressures in Ontario, Quebec, and other provinces due to recent or pending 
legislation have been offset by a required reduction in payments to pharmacies, particularly in Ontario, resulting in a 
net impact that we expect will be relatively neutral to our business. 

In EMEA, where France drives our performance, third-party revenues of 379 million fell about 4% from last year's 
second quarter third party revenues of 393 million. However, on a constant currency basis operational growth in EMEA 
was nearly 3% year-over-year. 

The increase was driven by new product launches in several markets, totaling approximately 31 million as well as 
increased volumes in certain countries. We remain committed to optimizing our business to align to new market 
dynamics in this region. 

In France our sales dipped slightly versus a year ago quarter as competitive pressure resulted in lowering price, which 
offset the favorable contribution from new products and increased sales of existing products. However, our market 
leadership position remains very strong. 

In Spain, we saw a double-digit increase in sales as new product launches more than offset the negative effect on 
pricing in the portfolio. We also experienced single-digit growth in a variety of countries such as the U.K. 

In Italy, second quarter local currency sales almost doubled versus the year-ago quarter due to new product launches 
and increased market penetration, which resulted in increased volume, as well as regulatory changes that have affected 
pricing positively. 

Moving on to Asia-Pacific region, we delivered solid second quarter results. Total third party revenues were 265 
million, up nearly 23% over last year's second quarter result of 216 million. On a constant currency basis sales 
increased about 12%. 

In Australia, local currency revenues declined slightly. We are continuing to optimize our business to align to new 
market dynamics while maintaining our leadership position. 

In Japan local currency sales rose approximately 7% due to new product launches and continued market expansion. We 
remain optimistic about longer-term growth opportunities presented by this market and our ability to capture our share 
of that growth. 

Also in the region, our Matrix business delivered another very strong quarter of year-over-year growth. Primarily 
responsible were sales of ARV finished dosage forms to third parties which more than doubled versus the second 
quarter of '09 and sales of API to third parties. 

Finally Dey Pharma, our Specialty segment continued to perform well during the second quarter. Third-party revenues 
rose 14% over the same period last year after adjusting last year's third-party sales for the transfer of Dey's generic 


products to our Mylan Pharms division. The primary driver of that growth was domestic sales of our EpiPen 
Auto-Injector. 

Moving on, I'd like to express how excited we are about our planned acquisition of Bioniche Pharma. Bioniche Pharma 
will further our stated objective of identifying bolt-on acquisitions to fill gaps in our U.S. product portfolio and 
therapeutic categories. It also will give us the critical mass needed to immediately enter the North American injectables 
market. As Robert mentioned we expect the business to be accretive in year one without accounting for any synergies. 

For those of you unfamiliar with the company, Bioniche Pharma is a leading U.S. focused specialty injectable company 
based in Galway, Ireland. The company focuses on the development, production and sale of high quality injectable 
products many of which are difficult to develop or produce or that experience limited competition. The products are 
used in hospital settings and span several therapeutic categories, including analgesics, orthopedics, oncology and 
urology. Bioniche currently markets about 30 products and its pipeline includes 15 ANDAs pending approval at the 
FDA. The company also has more than 25 additional products in various stages of development. 

Net revenues totaled approximately 130 million for the 12 months ended May 31, 2010, and approximately 43.5 
million for the last three months ended May 31, 2010. Though the transaction remains subject to regulatory approval 
and other customary closing conditions, we expect the deal to close in September. We're excited about this transaction 
for two reasons. 

First, we expect Bioniche Pharma's top line growth rate to be well above our stated growth target, which only further 
bolsters our confidence in them. And because Bioniche Pharma is a higher gross margin business, we expect it to have 
a positive impact on Mylan's overall gross margin. Further, while we are not providing synergy numbers, as there is 
little overlap with our existing operations, we do see opportunities to capture synergies, both commercial and technical. 
We anticipate that once we close, integration activities will be swift and seamless. 

Secondly, we consider this transaction to be strategic and that Bioniche Pharma will become one of the pillars of Mylan 
Institutional, our newly formed Institutional business, which will serve hospitals and long-term care facilities in North 
America with a differentiated and tailored pharmaceutical product offering. We expect that offering will initially 
include that of UDL, the largest unit dose provider to hospitals in the U.S., and Bioniche Pharma's high quality 
injectables. 

Moreover, because of the nature of the institutional marketplace, the new Mylan Institutional will fill an important 
prerequisite to the viability of the commercialization of Mylan's own generic biologics platform in the near future as 
well as commercialization of specialized products such as Copaxone. 

As you can see, we have a lot to be excited about in the second half of 2010 from receiving new product approvals to 
driving continued increases in volumes around the world and achieving annual synergies of 315 million, if not more. 

Looking ahead to 2011, we are as bullish as ever about our prospects and believe our momentum going into the year 
will be very strong. Specifically, we look forward in 2011 to the additional revenues that will result from the 
approximately 500 products we expect to launch globally. Among them will be oral contraceptives which we expect to 
begin launching in the U.S. around mid-year, the monetization of first-to-file opportunities such as our previously 
announced settlements related to Voriconazole, Letrozole, and Venlafaxine, and our recently announced settlement on 
Minocycline which John will elaborate on shortly. 

In addition we will see the expiration of 30 month stays on a number of additional first-to-file opportunities and we 
expect to launch in excess of a dozen limited competition products. Finally let me remind you that our legacy Merck 
generics business in-licensed about 70% of its products when we purchased it back in '07. By year-end we'll be at about 
55% and expect to keep pushing that figure lower throughout '11 and achieving internalization of 70% by 2013, 
resulting in a positive financial impact. 

At this time, beyond 2011 and through '13, we continue to see strong growth in our overall business and expect to 
accelerate our top line growth by executing on the key drivers of portfolio expansion, continued realization of 
operational efficiencies, continued diversification and balance sheet deleveraging. 


In summary, I'd like to remind everyone that we have stated many times that 2010 is the baseline year from which 
Mylan will continue to grow. We have an extremely powerful platform, a proven ability to execute and an unshakeable 
belief that we are perfectly positioned to leverage our assets over the years to come. The results we announced today 
only re-enforce our confidence that we will deliver performance in 2010 and beyond that is in line with our updated 
guidance and with our long-term targets. 

With that I'll turn the call over to John. 

John D. Sheehan, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 

Thanks, Heather. This afternoon I will walk you through our second quarter 2010 financial results and discuss our 2010 
financial guidance, the range of which we have narrowed. I will conclude by briefly reviewing our capital structure and 
liquidity position. 

Before I begin, I would like to comment briefly on what I've seen at Mylan during this, my first full quarter as CFO. 
One of the aspects of joining Mylan that I found most intriguing was that of the growth prospects of the generics and 
specialty pharmaceuticals sector, and in particular, how well poised Mylan is to take advantage of such opportunities. 
This has been quickly confirmed for me with our recent approvals and subsequent launches of valacyclovir and the 
clonidine patch, and most recently, our approval and launch of Minocycline and subsequent legal settlement, which I 
will discuss in more detail later. Additionally, this growth continues to increase our ability to leverage our global 
production capabilities and robust R&D pipeline. 

When I was making my decision to join Mylan, one of the key points that both Robert and Heather continued to stress 
with me was the soundness of Mylan's growth strategy and, perhaps most important, the company's ability to execute 
against these strategies and make their vision become a reality. This, too, has been clearly demonstrated to me in my 
short time here with our recently announced planned acquisition of Bioniche Pharma, which immediately makes Mylan 
a player in the North American injectables market: yet another successful accomplishment of a stated objective. 

Whether it be product approvals, such as those we have recently seen, or acquisitions such as Bioniche, it is 
developments and actions such as these that demonstrate that Mylan executes on what it says it's going to do and 
continues to make me confident in Mylan's long term growth targets. 

Now moving on to my review of our second quarter financial results. As Kris mentioned, I'm going to be referring to 
actual and projected financial metrics that have been prepared on an adjusted basis. These are non-GAAP financial 
measures. We present these non-GAAP financial measures because they're prepared on the same basis as used by our 
management and Board of Directors to evaluate the performance of our business. 

This afternoon's earnings release includes a complete reconciliation from our GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures 
for our second quarter 2010 and 2009 results. Our earnings release is available on our website and I encourage you to 
take a look at it. 

In summary, the more significant items that are excluded in arriving at our adjusted basis results for the 2010 second 
quarter are: purchase accounting amortization of 71 million; integration and other expenses of 18 million; incremental 
interest expense, which is primarily the imputed interest expense related to our convertible debt of 14 million; charges 
related to the net settlement of litigation totaling 12 million; Costs associated with our recent issuance of the new senior 
secured unsecured notes, which I will discuss later, totaling $15 million, which was mainly related to the write-off of 
debt issuance costs and certain costs associated with the termination of interest rate swaps; and finally the net tax 
benefit related to the excluded items of approximately 53 million. 

I strongly agree with Robert and Heather's comments on the quarter and first six months, both of which were very solid 
operationally and financially. 

Let me start at the top of the income statement. Total revenues for the quarter were $1.37 billion, an increase of 8% 
over last year's second quarter total adjusted revenue of $1.27 billion. The effective foreign currency translation did not 


have a significant impact on our second quarter results as compared to the same prior year period, as the effect of a 
weaker euro was offset by the strengthening of the currencies of our other subsidiaries, mainly the Rupee, the Yen and 
the Australian dollar. 

To reiterate what Heather mentioned earlier, new product launches and favorable volumes on our existing base 
business more than compensated for the decline in sales due to the loss of exclusivity on divalproex ER in the prior 
year. Absent the drop in sales as a result of divalproex, our increase in sales in both the current quarter and current 
year-to-date period would have been significantly higher. For the full year we continue to project total revenues in the 
range of 5.4 to 5.6 billion. 

Looking at our operating profitability measures, adjusted gross margin for the quarter was approximately 45% 
compared to 47 in the prior year and two points below our full year guidance range of 47 to 49%. Our Q2 gross margin 
was dampened by close to 1% as a result of an atypical level of inventory charges. The year-over-year decrease in 
margin is primarily the result of the loss of exclusivity on divalproex in the second half of 2009. 

For the reasons Heather mentioned in her remarks, we continue to fully expect our operating performance and gross 
margin to improve during the second half of 2010. And we expect full year margin will be within our guidance range, 
though nearer to the low end. 

Adjusted R&D expense for the quarter was $66 million, or approximately 5% of revenues. This spending is slightly 
above that of our first quarter 2010 spending level but is in line with our revised full year guidance range of 5 to 6% of 
revenues, as Heather previously discussed. 

Importantly, our R&D projects remain on target, and we are planning for higher levels of spending over the remainder 
of the year. Adjusted SG&A expense was $251 million for the quarter, or 18% of revenues, within our full year 
guidance range of 18 to 20%. 

Our second quarter adjusted EBITDA was $335 million. If you combine this result with our expectation for generating 
higher levels of earnings later in the year, we see ourselves on track to meet our adjusted EBITDA guidance, which we 
have revised to a range of 1.45 to $1.55 billion for the full year. 

Now, let me move to a couple of non-operating financial metrics. Second quarter 2010 adjusted interest expense was 
$65 million. We continue to forecast adjusted interest expense for the year to be in the range of 280 to $300 million, 
which continues to consider the potential for higher short-term interest rates and a higher level of interest expense as a 
result of our Q2 issuance of new senior unsecured notes. 

Income taxes. Our second quarter adjusted effective income tax rate was 29%. Today's narrowed guidance range 
incorporates a full year, projected, adjusted effective income tax rate range of 28 to 29%. 

In summary, second quarter adjusted net income was $163 million or $0.37 per share which was slightly negatively 
impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates versus those existing at the time when we provided earnings 
guidance earlier in the year. 

In calculating our adjusted diluted EPS, the impact of assuming the conversion of our preferred shares into 125 million 
common shares was more dilutive than the $35 million quarterly preferred dividend. Therefore, adjusted diluted EPS 
for the second quarter is calculated based on an average outstanding diluted share count of 440 million shares. 

Touching briefly on the year-to-date results, the more significant items that are excluded in arriving at our adjusted 
basis results for the 2010 year to date period are: purchase accounting amortization of 143 million; integration and 
other expenses of 31 million; incremental interest expense which is primarily the imputed interest expense related to 
our convertible debt of 24 million; charges related to the net settlement of litigation totaling 13 million; costs associated 
with our recent issuance of new unsecured notes totaling 15 million; and finally, the net tax benefit related to the 
excluded items of approximately 86 million. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2010, total revenues were 2.66 billion, an increase of 9% over adjusted revenues of 

2.45 billion in the same prior year period. Foreign currency translations did impact our year-to-date results with a 

favorable effect of approximately 3% due mainly to the strengthening of the Canadian dollar, the Rupee, the Yen, and 
the Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. The Euro did not have a significant effect. 

Adjusted gross margin for the six months was approximately 45%, with the impact of divalproex also having an 
unfavorable effect on our year-to-date margins when compared to the prior year. Adjusted R&D expense was 126 
million, and adjusted SG&A was 496 million for the current six-month period. Our adjusted EBITDA for the first half 
of 2010 was $658 million. Adjusted income was $322 million, and adjusted diluted EPS was $0.73 per share. 

As in the quarter, adjusted diluted EPS was calculated assuming the conversion of our preferred shares into 125 million 
shares of common stock. The number of shares assumed in the conversion of our preferred stock is dependent upon our 
stock price. We expect our share price to continue to remain at a level at which 125 million shares will be the assumed 
conversion amount. Additionally, depending on the market value of our common stock going forward, our average 
outstanding diluted share count could increase further due to the additional dilution from stock options and other 
potentially dilutive financial instruments, such as our convertible debt obligations and related warrants. 

We have considered the potential for a higher average diluted share count in our full year adjusted diluted EPS 
guidance range, which, as Robert indicated, we have narrowed to $1.55 to $1.65 per share, with adjusted EPS in the 
fourth quarter expected to exceed that of the third quarter. 

In our earnings release this afternoon, we provided a comparison of exchange rates that were used in preparing our 
initial guidance to those that were used in preparing our revised guidance. Prospectively, we will continue to update 
you on the FX rates we are using whenever we revise our guidance. This is intended to ease your understanding of our 
forecast. 

As you'll see, certain currencies, in particular the Euro, have weakened since our original guidance was prepared. It is 
important to note, however, that most of our non-U.S. operations have their revenues and their cost structures based in 
their local currencies. For our Euro-based entities their Euro-denominated cash flows are offset against 
Euro-denominated debt. As such, while changes in the Euro, either positive or negative, will impact our reported U.S. 
dollar results, there is little impact from a truly economic standpoint. 

Turning to our cash flow metrics. Our second quarter cash flow from operations was $118 million compared to $210 
million in last year's second quarter. The decrease is primarily the result of the timing of collection of receivables for 
which a substantial amount was received in early July, the timing of income tax payments, and the payment of 
approximately $22 million related to the termination of certain interest rate swaps associated with the financing 
completed this quarter. We do continue to project full year operating cash flow in the range of 725 to $825 million 
excluding certain one-off items. 

Second quarter capital spending of $33 million was more than 2009 but well below our expected annual spend. 
However, based on our anticipated project timing we do expect spending to increase significantly in the second half of 
2010 and continue to project capital spending in the range of about $250 million for the full year. 

Let me now turn to our capital structure and liquidity position. In May, we completed a private placement of $550 
million of senior unsecured notes due in 2017 and bearing interest at 7.625% and $700 million of senior unsecured 
notes due in 2020 and bearing interest at 7.875%. $1 billion of the net proceeds were used to pay down existing 
indebtedness under our credit facility. 

This bond issuance was in accordance with our objective of extending the maturity profile of our outstanding 
indebtedness. We continue to have no meaningful long-term debt maturities until the $600 million due under our 
convertible notes in the first quarter of 2012, which we currently intend to repay with available cash at that time. 

In addition, it is important to keep in mind that the last $35 million quarterly dividend payment related to our 
outstanding preferred stock is scheduled to be paid on November 15, 2010. Also, as mentioned previously, we incurred 
charges of approximately $15 million associated with the issuance of these senior notes. 

Approximately half of this charge was to write off capitalized debt issuance costs associated with the amounts that were 
repaid, with the other half related to the termination of interest rate swaps also associated with the debt that was repaid. 


The swaps terminated, restored us to what we believe to be an appropriate ratio of fixed to floating rate debt. 

Concerning leverage, as Robert has stated many times, it is our commitment to achieving a long-term leverage ratio of 
3 to 1 or less. We are firmly committed to balancing growth in our business through the continued use of prudent and 
responsible financing. As such, Mylan remains committed to deleveraging over time to meet this long-term capital 
structure goal. 

From a covenant perspective, the level of our senior secured debt is approximately 1.9 times our last 12-months 
covenant basis adjusted EBITDA. This is well below our June 30, 2010 covenant threshold of 4 times and also 
comfortably ahead of our December 31, 2010 threshold of 3.5 times. 

At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $833 million of unrestricted cash and marketable securities compared 
to just over 400 million at December 31. We expect to use some of this cash along with available borrowings to finance 
the acquisition of Bioniche. 

Bioniche is an exciting opportunity for Mylan and one that we believe will be accretive to Mylan's earnings in the first 
year, even before considering any synergies. It is important to note, however, that we do not believe that the impact 
from this acquisition will be significant to our 2010 results. 

In addition to a revenue growth rate that is in excess of Mylan's growth rate, the Bioniche acquisition will be especially 
complementary as: a), its margins are in excess of our consolidated margins; and, b), their relatively lower effective tax 
rate as a result of being domiciled in Ireland. While we expect the contribution from the sale of Bioniche's products to 
benefit our overall gross margins, we do not foresee a significant change in our overall consolidated corporate tax rate. 

One last item that I would like to briefly address is our recently announced approval, launch and settlement with respect 
to Minocycline ER. Our Matrix subsidiary received final approval of its ANDA on July 20, 2010, and we began 
shipping immediately. 

On July 22, 2010, we reached a settlement with Medicis, the innovator, to resolve outstanding patent litigation. Under 
the terms of the agreement, we agreed to cease additional distribution of the product until November 11, 2011, or 
earlier under certain circumstances. 

With respect to the product already shipped, we have been released by Medicis of any potential liability associated 
therewith. However, because of uncertainties that could affect pricing and market conditions, accounting rules require 
that we defer revenue recognition as we've done in similar situations in the past, most recently related to Amlodipine. 

We will defer the revenue from our initial shipments of the product until such time as the product is sold by our 
customers. To reiterate, as these shipments were made in July, this is a third quarter item. We expect this revenue to be 
recognized throughout the second half of the year and into 2011. 

In closing, let me say once again I am pleased with our very solid first half of the year and I'm extremely excited about 
our prospects for the remainder of 2010 and beyond. 

That concludes my remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Kris to start the Q&A. 

Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Operator, you can begin the question-and-answer. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions] And we'll go 
first to Elliot Wilbur of Needham & Company. 


<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Thank you, good afternoon. First question with respect to gross margin performance 
year-to-date, and then full year guidance, just kind of backing into what would have to happen in the second half of the 
year. It looks you'd have to do close to around 49% even at the low end of revenue guidance in order to achieve, I 
guess, just the low end of your current forecast. And I understand that's a very complex calculation. But it just seems 
from our vantage point that that's going to be a very difficult number to achieve outside of some contribution from a 
large exclusivity-type product. I'm just maybe wondering if you could walk us through what the incremental levers 
there may be. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Elliot. I'm not sure there's much more to 
walk through. I think you've done a very eloquent job of outlining those book ends and certainly it's not uncommon. 
Mylan in the past had gross margins much larger than the 49%. And even though we don't have Paragraph IVs in 2010, 
as Heather mentioned many, many times, there are a significant number of products that we see that are very high gross 
margin product and we fully expect to launch those products. We already begun that – already beginning in the third 
quarter and expect to see a lot more as we continue to roll out for the rest of the year. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And then I have a follow-up for you, Robert, as well. I want to make sure I understand the 
messaging with respect to 2011. Because I think previously the company seemed quite confident that full year earnings 
per share would be in excess of $2, and then the commentary in the press release today seems to be suggestive that 
you'll be earning $2 by the end of 2011. I'm just – I'm wondering are we talking about an annualized EPS run rate of $2 
by the end of 2011 now or are you still confident that at least at this juncture without official guidance in place that you 
can still earn that $2 per share. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The answer is simply yes. As you know, we haven't 
given an official range of guidance for 2011. But as I stated in my prepared remarks and especially getting closer to 
2011 with additional visibility, the answer is absolutely yes. 

Operator 

And we'll take the next question from Gregg Gilbert from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks. Good afternoon. Can you talk about which of the products or which types of products 
were delayed? Robert you alluded to some of that and Heather, too, in the prepared remarks. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: Sure. Well, as we were just discussing the clonidine, our clonidine patch as well 
as Minocycline were obviously two important approvals, recent approvals for us and certainly building to the previous 
question on gross margin. That type of product, those limited competition launches are obviously important for us and 
those are -- that's the type of approvals we're speaking of. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: You were talking about delays that were rectified. Okay. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: Yes. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: I was confused by that. Okay. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Heather, a couple of bigger picture industry questions and then I'll step back in line. Heather, do 
you expect AMP implementation to affect your business in the U.S. in any material way? And lastly, what's your latest 
thinking on patent settlement legislation whether it will happen and whether it would address settlements you've 
already signed? I know that seems to change weekly. Thanks. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: Sure. As far as the patent settlement legislation is concerned, I don't know how 
closely you watch the war supplemental bill and domestic spending that they were trying to push through, that, since it 
did not get attached, my bet is it's extremely unlikely they will get patent settlements reattached this year. 


And as you know we've been very vocal out there about even looking at patent settlements without an authorized 
generic fix is just handicapping the generic industry. And we have continued to certainly push that agenda on the Hill 
as well. And your first – is the first industry... 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: AMP. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: AMP. No, not material. Remember that I think that there's still – it's going to be 
interesting. This is supposed to, I think, be published for the first time in October as far as the weighted average AMP. 
And we certainly are watching that closely, and I'm sure there's a lot of concern out there. 

Obviously, we thought that was the best of all worlds as far as how the legislation originally came out and what 
ultimately we were able to end up getting it to that weighted average being published. But at this time, we don't see any 
material effect to our business. 

Operator 

And we'll move on to the next question from Marc Goodman from UBS. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Yeah, a couple things. I guess the first is there was a comment that inventory charges that 
were atypical hit the gross margin. Could you just elaborate on those? Second of all, can you give us a flavor of how 
your German business did in the quarter, year-to-date, things like that? 

And then, third, on France, you mentioned there was some pricing pressure. Can you just give us a flavor? Is that 
something that just started happening in the quarter? Or has that been going on all year? I don't remember if you called 
that out last quarter. 

<A - John D. Sheehan, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: So I'll take the first one on the gross 
margin. And without going specifically into the products or the locations within our Generics segment, there were some 
inventory amounts that were written off. And as the gross margin in this quarter was at 45% I felt it helpful to 
understand that those atypical charges atypical charges; without those atypical charges we would have been nearly a 
full percentage point higher in the gross margin. I thought it helped to understand how we were getting to the second 
half of the year. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: But just to be clear before we move on, you're not – you absorb that into your numbers. So 
you're still going to do 47 plus gross margin absorbing that. 

<A - John D. Sheehan, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Absolutely, absolutely. All I was 
trying to do was to help you understand how the margin will not be burdened by that in the second half of the year. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Okay. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: And as far as Germany goes, our Germany business this quarter was right in 
line with our expectations. So it's still a very good driver for us. And... 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Does that mean with their growth there? Or is that business growing this year versus last year? 
Is it declining? Where are you relative to what's happening with all the tenders and the pricing? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: Well look like I said it was right in line with what we expected Germany to do. 
It's certainly year-over-year it has seen some decline in pressure just because to your point the tender market. But it was 
right in line with what we expected Germany to do. And we've been as we've stated before I think we're well positioned 
with our competitive products of how we're competing in that tender market. 

France, as far as France, no it's nothing new. It was nothing new this quarter. What we did just want to point out is as 
we've been saying that competitive pressure; we have seen that. We anticipated the majority of that. And as I said, we 
will continue to adjust our business. And given our experience here in the U.S. in what I'd stated to be the most highly 
competitive in the world believe that that's the kind of experience we're being able to bear over there in Europe and 


nothing new about it. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Again Marc, there is nothing new there. We've 
been projecting and been living with what we've anticipated as a downward trend in pricing, only to be offset by those 
metrics that we've been all along telling you, our ability to right-size and our ability to yield additional efficiencies, 
especially in our cost of goods. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Let me just ask one other thing, which is kind of just an extension of what the prior question 
was. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, but Marc, let this be the last just to be fair to 
everybody else. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Yeah, it's fair. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: If you have more questions, you can get back in 
line. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: No, it just gets back with the $2 thing in 2011. I just want to make sure I understand this. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: So, previously you were $2 plus. Now, you're $2. You've got Bioniche that helps you 
sometime in accretive. So, I guess I'm just trying to understand what changed relative. Is this – this is basically the new 
European pricing? Everybody's concerned. Everybody's been assuming that numbers are coming down. They're not 
really coming down that much for you. And I'm just trying to understand what's going on behind the scenes excluding 
this Bioniche acquisition. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Marc. Well actually, I really appreciate this 
last question only because I want to make sure everyone is clear. You're exactly right in your description. Please 
remember – and I probably should have pointed this out – not only have we not changed, not only does the underlying 
business continue to be strong, not only do I feel we have not brought down the numbers, but remember in that $2 
when I, again, remember, I forecasted that. And remember in that $2, that was with a different FX. I'm totally 
absorbing as I update the $2 for 2011 the negative movement in the FX. And believe me it's much more substantial in 
2011 than it is for the rest of 2010. 

So yes, I appreciate this last question and I hope we've made that clear. 

And Bioniche, let me just address Bioniche real quick in terms of that. Remember, all along I've been telegraphing 
exactly what we were going to do in terms of our platform, identifying voids and layering in those voids. Bioniche is 
just simply doing just what we said that we were going to do. So it's been fully anticipated as we roll out that we, not 
just on the injectable portfolio but other particular niche areas, that we are going to layer in to our platform that will 
only continue to allow us to achieve the objectives that we set forth. 

Operator 

And we'll move on to the next question from Randall Stanicky from Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Hey, guys, thanks for the question. Just so we're all clear, 3% constant currency growth in 
EMEA this quarter, 9% prior, how do we think about the normalized growth for the back half going forward here on a 
constant currency basis? And then I have a follow-up. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: So, look, I think as we've said all along, when you look at Mylan, as Robert 
stressed, our overall business in that contribution, certainly, again, some seasonality as far as when you look at the 
Europe and just the historical trends and our earnings there. And I think as John pointed out, the fourth quarter being 
over-weighted on the third quarter. So I think that that's kind of how you should think about Europe as well. 


<Q - Randall Stanicky>: So the first half being sort of – the second half being sort of similar to the first half in terms 
of constant currency growth? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: Well, not – well, I was more stressing that the fourth quarter being heavier than 
the third quarter. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, that should be made clear. We continue to see 
that trend, as we told you, the latter half of the year, and we continue to see that. I'm not going to call it a hockey stick 
but certainly a slope in the upward direction where the third quarter will certainly be better than the second quarter, but 
the fourth quarter is certainly better than the third quarter. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Well, and just – Robert, that's a good point. Last quarter you gave us a little bit of directional 
color. Given that it's a pretty sharp back half EPS ramp, just thinking about the overall earnings for the company, how 
do we think about 3Q versus 4Q? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I would tell you if you take our midpoint which 
hasn't changed. I would tell you to absolutely weight it more – much more to the fourth quarter than you should the 
third quarter, but the third quarter obviously being better than the second quarter. That's how I would think about it. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Is there another question? Operator is there...? 

Operator 

Yes, we'll take the next question from Chris Schott from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. Thanks. Just can you update us with regards to your site transfers and some of the 
realized cost savings from those moves? How much have we pushed through as we've got this far into 2010? And what 
should we think about in terms of incremental dollar savings as we look towards the second half? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: I think a couple important metrics. We are on track if not even exceeding a bit. 
And I think probably the first metric around that is just our synergies. If you remember we were originally at 300 and at 
the beginning of this year we upped that to 350 and I've stated certainly we are on track to meet if not exceed that 350 
million. And the majority of that increment over '09 was all driven due to the site transfers and vertical integration. 

As far as – so as you think about how that's contributing, I've said that we'll be at by the end of this year about 55% 
having those products repatriated back to – back internally to our supply chain and by the end of 2013, 70%. 

So certainly we see a significant financial impact positively for the second half of '10. But also that's going to continue 
obviously as we continue to bring these products in until we get to, like I said the 70% in '13. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Great. Second question which is coming back to France. Can you just elaborate what 
you're anticipating in terms of further price actions as we get later this year? I know we've had moves in several other 
European countries. But are you expecting that we'll see anything from France in terms of – that's out of the ordinary 
relative to what we've maybe seen in the last year or two or so? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: No, nothing as far as we know. We don't really see anything else in France this 
year. 

<Q - Christopher Schott>: Okay. And then final question just following the acquisition in the injectable market this 
quarter. Can you just elaborate a little bit in terms of what your top priorities are at this point from a business 
development standpoint? And what's your liquidity to pursue deals that might be in the size of a Bioniche given the 
deleveraging priorities? Thanks. 


<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. I think what you should anticipate is exactly 
again what I've been saying. This one has been done. The other portfolio voids that I see, I don't believe, is anywhere 
near the size of, say, the injectable opportunity that we've just executed on. 

I've also guided you there is – I am looking and would like to look in Japan. That was another area I think that if I can 
find a right opportunity – it doesn't need to be large, but enough to give us further impetus to execute on our stated long 
term objectives over there. So that's another area. 

But other than that, I don't really see anything else. And as you mentioned, we are extremely committed to the 3 to 1 
debt to EBITDA ratio or below. And our cash position is at such we're in a very, very strong cash position to execute 
on the strategies that I've just outlined to you and still maintain our objective. 

Operator 

And we'll take the next question from Rich Silver from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Yeah. Thanks. Just coming back to the third quarter and the fourth quarter, maybe I missed this 
but can you help us a little bit in terms of what gives us that big bump up? How much of that is seasonality versus new 
launches versus synergies? Just some sense of why the big jump in the fourth quarter. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think he really hit on all the buckets. If you 
think about it, we do definitely have some seasonality. We definitely, as we continue to yield the efficiencies that's 
really where the continued growth slope is. As more and more of those efficiencies and synergies and repatriating the 
external reliance to internal capabilities continues to grow each and every quarter. And that's why the fourth quarter 
will certainly be heavier there, plus our anticipated product launches and product approvals. We think again are more 
back weighted than they are front weighted in the third quarter. Heather, do you want to add anything on top of that? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: No and I would say even – just even these recent approvals. So Rich as you can 
appreciate, as we get longer into the life cycle of those products that are more contribution as well. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Okay. And then just to carry that into 2011, Heather in your prepared remarks you spoke 
obviously about the 500 products globally, the OCs and then first-to-files as well as limited competition products. I just 
wanted to make sure I understand that historically it seemed like more of the growth would be coming from ex-U.S. In 
fact rationale for doing the Merck generics deal was less dependence on first-to-files and such in the U.S. Is that still 
the case for 2011 that we shouldn't expect the U.S. to be the primary driver but rather ex-U.S.? And then the last 
question is just on FX. The rates that you disclosed in the press release today, are those the rates that we should be 
looking for, for 2011? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The answer is yes. And what we're going to do for 
you from now on now that we've set a baseline, rather than have you guess what rates we're using at any time, any time 
we change guidance on a going-forward basis, you're going to know exactly the rates that we're using in our guidance. 
And so, the answer is yes to that. 

In terms of ex-U.S., U.S. reliance, Paragraph IVs or not. Let me just explain, 2011, to me is a completely different year. 
To me, 2011, as I've stated all along, remember I said that 2010 is simply what we call the baseline year, that represents 
what these three conglomerates coming together really means to grow from. 2011 completely – it really is the first year 
of – the first full year of recognizing what these three assets are potentially capable of doing. 

If you recall, the growth – the, our CAGR up to this point was predominantly weighted on our ability to yield the 
efficiencies out of these three assets. Not only is that going to continue in '11 and beyond, but now you're going to see 
top line growth, a robust growth in top line by the sheer number of products that we're going to launch. 

And, if you also recall, we had hardly any Paragraph IV opportunities in the last three years, especially in 2010 in our 
numbers and our projections, where because we've been building our pipeline, incubating those opportunities. You've 
already seen some of the settlements that are going to come through. 


And yes, and we cannot forget and we should not ignore that the United States is the largest pharmaceutical company 
in the world by dollars. And that in the United States, I've often said, you do a little bit, you get a lot. And in the rest of 
the world you do a lot and you get a little bit. So, yes, I think that these are very meaningful. No, we are not going to 
shy away from the opportunities that we have in the United States to continue to grow overall platform on top of the 
additional opportunities that we see in market expansions throughout the world. Do you want to add anything, Heather? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: No, the only thing I'd add, Rich, is I was just trying to give some color because 
as we've spoke in the past and people keep saying what are the drivers and give as much clarity as we can. Certainly to 
Rob's point, why I wanted to point out launching 500 products around the globe. Those are very important in all other 
regions as well. But being able – things that people are much more tangible, which are the first to file opportunities, the 
settlements we've already announced, as well as showing that we see in excess of a dozen of those limited-type 
competition products being launched in the U.S. next year. 

Operator 

And taking the next question we'll go to David Buck from Buckingham Research Group. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. A couple of quick ones. First on Asia-Pacific, can you talk – 
it looked like you had a pretty strong quarter for the second quarter. Can you talk about whether you're expecting to see 
that grow sequentially and maybe what accounted for that? 

And then on Minocycline, can you – based on the comments, John, it sounded like you may have launched as much as 
six months or so of demand. Is that accurate? And if not, can you help me out there? And then just a quick reminder on 
when you'd expect Venlafaxine to come next year. Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me – John, why don't you get rid of the two 
ones because they're pretty easy. And then let me tell him about – just a little bit on the comment on the research. 

<A - John D. Sheehan, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Yes. So on the Minocycline, my 
comment was – is that we would be recognizing revenue expected over the remainder of 2010 and into 2011. So I think 
that that's more than speaks for itself. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. We haven't specifically stated what type of 
quantities were out there. And Heather, what was the other product he just mentioned? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: Well, yes, so we don't have – we haven't announced any launch timing around 
that. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. In terms of the region, David, let me just let 
you view it like this as we continue to roll forward. And Matrix in that region just continues to hit on all cylinders plus, 
plus, plus. Very strong. I'm extremely pleased with what's going on now in Australia. I think they've turned the corner 
in terms of that base and I think I'm very, very comfortable. 

Our new leader there Martin Cross, I think's got a firm handle in that particular country. And so I feel very good about 
that. In Japan, I would tell you that 2010 is a restructuring year for me. There is a lot of work to do in Japan. That I can 
tell you. So I'm really looking for the work that we're doing from now until the end of 2010 to really look at 2011 and 
beyond for the kind of growth that we anticipate in the longer term for the Japanese market. 

<Q - David Buck>: And just to clarify for the second half of the year would you expect growth in Asia-Pacific? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: Yes, we've continued to say especially as Rob pointed out the Matrix, 
accelerated double-digit growth. 


Operator 

And we'll move on to the next question from John Boris from Citi. 

<Q - John Boris>: Thanks for taking the questions. Just on price in particular. Are you anticipating any additional 
price cuts in Australia? Obviously, they had a round that was significant before. Are you anticipating anything in the 
back-half of this year or into 2011? And then on your 2011 guidance, can you just help us understand what your price 
assumption is? Is it for pricing to erode at comparable levels, higher levels or lower levels than currently? And then I 
just have one follow-up question to that. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I mean, in terms of pricing, I wish, we had 
the crystal ball. But you can only anticipate that we're doing the responsible thing by measuring current environment – 
current activity along with past trends and really looking at each country on an individual basis and trying to evaluate 
not just each country but how it rolls up as a whole. 

As you know, we have a certain natural erosion in the U.S. business. And then with each country, the model is really 
the same. It really doesn't change. No, I don't think that the governments are going to allow us to increase prices or give 
us anything back. So I think it would be wise in your models to figure that there is some natural erosion. 

And then in terms of Australia in particularly, I think you're going to – I think we just – I think we headed off just here 
recently some legislation that would have allowed additional price cutting there. But in Australia in particularly, I think, 
you're going to hear a lot of noise in Australia. And certainly, we don't think it's going to stop, and we are not 
anticipating it to stop. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: And I guess, just a little more to that on the Australia front, obviously, because 
of the changing government, now the dynamics, I would say there is a chance that legislation that was stopped, that was 
rolling into 2011. So if anything that could be pushed out further if it takes them longer. But certainly don't see 
anything else in '10, as far as that goes. 

<Q - John Boris>: So just help me understand in 2011 is your price erosion rate comparable to the '10 level or is it 
greater than the 2010 level? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: As I said, John, each country is done differently 
and then we roll it up and we don't – I would say for Australia I would say given the heavy, heavy hit that we've taken 
say over the last 18 months there in Australia, I don't anticipate, let's just say as aggressive of a hit that we had to take 
in Australia. Because it was pretty hefty. I do not anticipate as aggressive of a hit if that's helpful to you. 

<Q - John Boris>: Okay. And then on Catapres transdermal my understanding is it's a pretty difficult product to 
manufacture. Can you just provide some commentary on launch quantities and whether you have adequate supply to 
meet the demand within that marketplace? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: All I can answer to that is first of all absolutely yes 
and let me remind you even on the fentanyl when we launched fentanyl, one thing I can tell you is that oftentimes the 
FDA does call us every now and then against drug shortage and ask us if we have those capabilities. And each and 
every time when it comes to those patches, Mylan is a premier producer of its patches because of our patch technology. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: And the only thing I'd add to that just in further support of that, our clonidine 
patch is a very eloquent patch compared to the other out on the market. And there has already been some shortages in 
the marketplace prior to us getting approval. So to your point is we'd certainly see it as a limited competition launch 
and we see it as a very important product to over '10 and '11 as well. 

Operator 

And we'll take the next question from Shibani Malhotra from RBC Capital. 


<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I think most of them have been answered, but a 
couple of more accounting related. Firstly, would you be able to give us a breakdown of your Matrix sales, in terms of 
which regions the sales came from, how we should be accounting for that? 

And then, the second question is on the fentanyl. We've seen new competition in the market or perhaps increased 
competition, and just wondering if you are seeing any impact on pricing or share related to that. And then, finally, I 
have a follow-up on the international markets but these are the first ones. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, the answer is on fentanyl, we're not seeing 
what you're seeing at all. In terms of Matrix, no, we don't breakdown. 

<A - John D. Sheehan, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President>: Right. What I would say to you, 
Shibani, is that we have integrated Matrix into our global platform and that's why it's no longer a separate segment. 
And so, you should be thinking about our Generics segment with Matrix. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But we've never really broken it down in terms of 
certain things. So – yes. Okay your follow-up? 

<Q - Shibani Malhotra>: My follow-up was can you just talk a little bit more Robert, you said that you are very 
interested in the Japanese market. We understand this is a very exciting market, especially given the recent government 
initiatives to increase generic penetration. Where do you feel you are versus where you want to be, and can you just 
talk a bit more about the dynamics that you're seeing and how the increased penetration has impacted your business if 
at all and when we should see that playing through? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Well, first, thanks for the follow-up. I don't 
want to send a signal over to Japan that we're coming on a rampage from an acquisition point of view. Because the 
culture over there, that's one of the things that they fear is international external companies coming in and buying them 
up. I think that I feel very, very strongly that generating additional activity in Japan on top of what we have, I think – I 
feel very strongly about that being a part of our – of the business plan and how I see us executing on grabbing our 
disproportionate share of the real strong growth opportunities that we see in Japan in the longer term. 

So I'm using 2010 to basically restructure what we already have, thinking about rolling forward what else I would like 
to have, to marry up and bolt on to what I already got in order to execute again in gaining our – and garner our 
disproportionate share of what we think the growth opportunities are over there. That can mean as much as investing 
partly in a Japanese company or if it's small enough, an outright acquisition over there, or even a joint venture of some 
sort over there where there are some joint development opportunities there. 

So I think there's a lot of options. I don't want – I'm glad you asked the question for clarification. Because I don't want 
you to think there's only one way that I intend on doing something in Japan. But when the – the last question that was 
posed to us was how we think about capital and allocating capital, I just wanted to kind of put the parameters around 
sort of the levels that I'm looking for. And I think at those kind of levels I can accomplish everything that we need to 
get done in Japan. 

Operator 

And we'll take the next question from Ronny Gal from Sanford Bernstein. 

<Q - Ronny Gal>: Hi. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. First, just a quick clarification. That 
legislation in Australia that was just about to be ratified that included the implementation of an AMP in October 1. 
Your point is that that essentially has been deferred indefinitely. Is that correct? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: Well, yes, they just – it did not – it was not able to get passed through their 
legislature because of the change at the top. So it will have to go back. And like Rob said, we don't have a crystal ball, 
but I think conventional wisdom right now is that would have gone in and effected early in '11. 


<Q - Ronny Gal>: Right. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch, President>: So to extent that legislation, however long it takes or doesn't certainly that 
timeframe will probably get pushed out a bit. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But we're feeling pretty good about it, Ron. 

<Q - Ronny Gal>: Great. I appreciate that Robert. And then, Robert two questions. The first one, now that you've got a 
hospital integrated force it sounds like something that could integrate pretty well into your biosimilar initiative. When 
do you think you will be able to start your first clinical on a biosimilar based on where you guys are in that group? And 
second, in kind of related issue, how do you – what is your take about the Lovenox approval by the FDA? What does it 
tell you about the willingness to approve complex molecules? And to the extent that you are willing to disclose it, do 
you also have an enox product somewhere in development? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Well, there is a lot there. Let me start by 
saying in terms of our biosimilar strategy, literally we are right on track. I am extremely pleased with what I'm seeing 
so far in the development, the joint development between Mylan and Biocon. I'm loving the early results of some of the 
work that's being done. And so I think that that's coming along just fine. 

And yes, the Bioniche is exactly what we were looking for in terms of that – in terms of that being able from a 
commercial point of view, being able to enter into the biosimilar market including here in the United States. So we are 
very pleased. And as you mentioned it does line up quite well to our strategy. 

As far as the – my commentary in terms of just that, the whole issue around the FDA in terms of their most recent 
actions, first I have to tell you I believe that certain people are really trying to speak too much for the FDA, and on 
behalf of the FDA. I think we should leave it up to the FDA to continue to speak, certainly they have. Teva continues to 
try to create the fact that somehow that the science is not there. Well, it's there. And the FDA has and continues to 
demonstrate that they will look and respect good science. 

And they have confirmed that in their answer to the citizen's petition of Teva. If you read the citizen's petition I think 
the FDA's actions were almost exactly what they told Teva in their answer to the citizen's petition. And people should 
have taken note of that. No, this Lovenox is not a surprise. 

And lastly, in terms of Teva's position about generic Copaxone, I find it extremely difficult to believe that they could 
actually say so aggressively and openly, especially after the FDA's actions. I do believe – Ronny, I think you were the 
one that might have put out a note, I agree absolutely if it was you; I do believe it was you. You talked about there 
being almost a change at the FDA in terms of its stepping itself up to be more open and demonstrating its commitment 
to Congress and the legislatures that it will be more open minded into a biosimilar strategy and an ability to approve 
these complex compounds. 

And lastly, when you take a look at our application, even our application with the FDA, that should have been a red 
flag because as you all know and quite surprisingly the FDA had accepted our application several months in advance of 
how long it took to accept the application of Momenta's and Sandoz's Copaxone application. That should have told 
people something right there. I've tried to explain that these are very, very strong indications in terms of my confidence 
level about how I feel about the particular program or how I think the FDA is thinking about things. 

I think the FDA is doing a fantastic job in that front. And the most important point I think from a Mylan perspective 
that you should know is that there are several analysts that are still somehow, still somehow – I don't know where they 
get their information but I think were under the impression that our formulation is a Natco formulation. That is just 
wrong. 

We certainly have – Teva certainly knows now that it's not a Natco formulation. It's a Mylan formulation. It's a 
formulation to bring Copaxone to a highly regulated market like the United States, and certainly Mylan knows how to 
file an application and the requirements. So, I want you to combine the fact that how quickly our application was 
accepted by the FDA, compared to Momenta's and Sandoz's. 


That should have been, again, a signal and a red flag. I want you to look at Mylan's track record, of its regulatory track 
record and our relationship for very, very complex compounds. And the fact that when it comes to science, we know 
how the FDA respects science. It's exactly what they looked at when they examined our application and no, we don't 
have a Natco formulation. We have a Mylan formulation, and that needs to be clearly understood and corrected for all 
of those analysts who I think have been under a wrong impression. Again, certainly, Teva knows because in our 
litigation we had to turn over that to them. 

Operator 

And moving next to Michael Tong from Wells Fargo. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Thanks. Robert, just wanted to follow-up a little bit on 2011, sorry to beat this dead horse. But I 
heard your commentary about FX being more of an issue in 2011 as it impacts the bottom line than 2010. And just 
trying to reconcile the local cost offsetting currency impact statement that you had for 2010, so what's the disconnect 
there? Is there something that we need to think about more for 2011 in terms of FX? 

And then secondly, on Bioniche maybe a longer term question, what assets does Bioniche bring to you to get you ready 
for biosimilars? And what additional assets do you think you need in order to be competitive in that market longer 
term? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, let me go back. I'll go backwards. If you – it 
is our feeling here, it's our vision here that in order to market biosimilar products here in the United States, having a 
large hospital presence, we think is going to be critical, okay? So they bring that to us instantly and, no, I don't believe I 
really need any more at this time in terms of assets. Bioniche has resolved almost every metric that we outlined. 

One, I said I would not do a transaction unless it was financially accretive. They are. Two, they fill a strategic void in a 
therapeutic category that we were not in before. And three, they do it in a very large way. We have instant critical mass 
to be meaningful as we work over the next few years to build upon that as we get ready to layer in our biosimilars as 
legislation and the FDA continues to set forth its regulatory path. 

In terms of the FX, you've missed absolutely nothing except something very small, which could be very large in your 
thinking, and that is there's only six months left in 2010. There's a whole year left in 2011. And if you couple the fact 
that we see continued growth in 2011, you not only have a whole year left but you have larger numbers. So if you take 
a look at the fact that I'm using today's current rates compared to when I originally gave that projection, that forecast of 
$2 in 2011 and adjust the prior rates to today's rates and then roll it forward, I think that if you do the math, you'll see 
exactly what I meant by that. 

Operator 

And we'll take the final question from Ken Cacciatore from Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Ken Cacciatore>: Hi. Thanks. Robert, just some clarification on your discussion about Natco and it being a 
Mylan formulation. Is this not the formulation that Natco is marketing in India and if not what part of the relationship 
do they then have with you? And then I have a follow-up on Europe. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. The answer is no, it's not the formulation 
that they are marketing in India. And, yes, they have a voluminous amount of integral relationships with us on a 
number of fronts in terms of being able to be effective to distribute this product around the world as well as 
manufacturing. Heather? Or you have a follow-up you said? 

<Q - Ken Cacciatore>: Yes. In these international markets again, and I'm going to go at this probably a little bit 
differently but I think folks are asking it the same way. When asking or discussing or trying to get from you what we 
should think about growth, you answered a couple of questions by throwing in their efficiencies and rationalizing, so 


clearly kind of below the line which is I understand. But you just did another 3% year-over-year organic growth 
constant currency if I understand you correctly. 

So why would investors or why should investors think that the international, your European business, I'm sorry, 
specifically grow more than 5% a year? Is there somehow, you talk about the product flow and I guess you're assuming 
it's going to inflect. I guess we're a couple years now past on the integration. What is it in terms of top line that gives 
you confidence that this is not just a 5% growth company? Or is that the right way to model it and we should continue 
to understand that you are going to generate great efficiencies beyond – below the line? Or is that just the wrong way to 
look at top line? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I actually think that you've asked and almost 
basically answered the question. I think that if you look at the growth from 2007 to 2010 when we acquired this, I told 
you that that CAGR would predominantly become, that growth would predominantly come from the efficiencies from 
the bottom line. I told you that within this timeframe by the end of 2010 we are loading up. So you've again answered 
the question. It's 2011 and beyond that you're going to see an explosion of the number of the products that we intend to 
launch. 

So, yes. I think that you can expect in 2011 top line growth mainly predominantly coming from the number of 
voluminous amount of products that we intend to launch. Everything we've been incubating and at end of '07, '08, '09, 
'10 is now going to – that's how long it takes to get these products approved. Everything we've put in our pipeline will 
begin to be launched in a voluminous way 2011 and beyond. And yes, we do intend to continue to get bottom line 
improvement as well as we roll out. 

Operator 

And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for 
any closing remarks. 

Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

No, just thank you all and thank you all for your confidence and support. And again thank you to our employees around 
the world. Thank you. 

Operator 

That concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


