Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Dan Crookshank, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Heather Bresch, President 
• Daniel C. Rizzo Jr., Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
• Brian Byala, Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
• Rajiv Malik 
Other Participants 

• Richard Silver 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Randall Stanicky 
• Scott Hirsch 
• Ken Cacciatore 
• Gregory Gilbert 
• John Boris 
• Chris Schott 
• Marc Goodman 
• Adam Greene 
• Aaron Gal 
• David Buck 
• Tim Chiang 
• David Moskowitz 
• Michael Tong 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by. Good morning, everyone. We are about to begin Mylan's 2009 Third Quarter Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, this morning's call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the 
conference over to Dan Crookshank, Mylan's Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Dan Crookshank, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone. Joining me for today's call are Mylan's Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, Robert J. Coury; President, Heather Bresch; Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Rajiv 
Malik; Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, and Principal Finance and Accounting Officer, Dan Rizzo; and 
Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Brian Byala. 

During today's call, including the Q&A, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those related to our 
anticipated business levels, our future earnings, our planned activities, and other expectations for future periods. Note 
that these statements are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 


1995. Because these statements are forward-looking, they inherently involve risks and uncertainties, and accordingly, 
our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in our 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, and in our other Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. You can access our Form 10-Q and other SEC filings through the SEC website at www.sec.gov 
and we encourage you to do so. 

In addition, during this conference call, we will be referring to certain results and projections of Mylan that are 
non-GAAP measures. It should be noted that non-GAAP measures such as adjusted diluted EPS should be used only as 
a supplement to, not as a substitute for or as a superior measure to, measures of financial performance prepared in 
accordance with GAAP. 

Please refer to today's earnings release, which contains detailed reconciliations from our GAAP basis to our non-GAAP 
basis adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted EBITDA measures as well as the allocation of each 
reconciling items to specific income statement line items. 

Before I turn the call over to Robert, let me also remind you that we are conducting a live webcast of this morning's call 
that can be accessed on our website at www.mylan.com. In addition, the webcast will be available for replay on our 
website for up to seven days following the conclusion of today's call. 

Please note that the material in the call, with the exception of the participant questions, is the property of Mylan and 
cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Mylan's expressed written permission. 

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Robert. 

Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Dan. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for taking the time to join us here this morning. I also would like 
to welcome all Mylan employees listening today around the world. It is only two years ago this month that we 
celebrated the introduction of the new Mylan. And it is with great pleasure that I, on behalf of the Board of Directors 
and our senior leadership team, recognize all of our dedicated employees for their continued hard work and outstanding 
performance. 

Before I speak to our third quarter results, I would like to take a moment and acknowledge two recent changes to our 
Board of Directors and a few notable accomplishments from the quarter. As you know, Mylan's Co-founder and former 
Chairman, Milan "Mike" Puskar retired from the Board of Directors on September 30. While Mike will truly be 
missed, it is clear that his impact on the industry and our company will remain. And on behalf of the Board of 
Directors, our employees and all of our shareholders, I would like to personally thank Mike again for his many 
accomplishments at Mylan for his years of service and exemplary leadership. 

In addition to Mike's retirement this quarter, we also added to our Board with the addition of the industry veteran, Mark 
Parrish. Mark is the Chairman and CEO of Trident USA Health Services. He is also President of the International 
Federation of Pharmaceutical Wholesalers and has an exceptional track record as a leader within the healthcare sector. 
Mark's deep familiarity with the pharmaceutical industry ideally positions him to help contribute to the Mylan Board 
and the company's continued growth. 

Among our accomplishments this quarter, I've also had the opportunity and pleasure of joining President Bill Clinton in 
announcing an important agreement related to our antiretroviral franchise for patients on second-line ARV therapy for 
HIV/AIDS, and the developing world will be able to receive better and more affordable treatments for this devastating 
disease. 

In this quarter as well, we were extremely pleased to announce that the FDA has accepted for filing Mylan's ANDA for 
its generic version of Copaxone. 


Moving to our results and before I turn the call over to our President, Heather Bresch, for a more detailed overview of 
our business, I am pleased to report earnings today that represent yet another strong quarter of financial results. As 
indicated in today's press release, we reported adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.32 for the third quarter. This 
translates into nearly a 40% increase over last year's third quarter earnings per share. I am particularly pleased with 
these results in light of the fact that they were achieved through higher volumes, market growth and multiple new 
product launches across the globe, and not from any one product. This is clearly indicative of the efficient globally 
diverse business model that we've created and is a direct reflection of the exemplary execution by our operators. 

Therefore, given the strength of our year-to-date performance and our expectations for the remaining months of this 
calendar year, we have increased our 2009 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance to a range of $1.24 to $1.28 per 
share. The mid-point of this higher range now represents a projected increase of nearly 58% over our actual 2008 
adjusted diluted earnings per share of just $0.80. 

Mylan remains in a very solid position. Our operations are strong and we continue to generate very strong cash flows. 
These strengths have also been noted by Standard & Poor's in its recent upgrade report on our corporate rating. 

With that said, I'd now like to turn the call over to our President, Heather Bresch. 

Heather Bresch, President 

Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I would like to give you a brief overview of our business which 
delivered yet another strong quarter of profitable growth. Total adjusted revenues of 1.26 billion were up 5% compared 
to last year and 9% on a constant currency basis, with all regions once again contributing to the growth. 

Sequentially, our total adjusted revenues were unchanged as we held our top-line steady despite this quarter's loss of 
exclusivity on Divalproex while delivering strong bottom-line growth. Our adjusted gross margin remained strong 
coming in at 46.3%, and our adjusted diluted EPS of $0.32 was up $0.09 or 39% over last year's Q3 adjusted diluted 
EPS of $0.23. 

These results once again clearly reflect our outstanding track record of focused execution and the strength of our 
globally diverse business and efficient operating model, as evidenced by rising product volumes and contributions from 
new product launches. In addition, we continue to capture integration-related savings sooner than planned. We now 
expect to realize synergies of 210 million in 2009, positioning us very well to deliver cumulative savings of 300 million 
if not more by the end of 2010. 

Robert and I have stated many times before that great results like these are possible because our colleagues around the 
world have a work ethic that is second to none, a can-do attitude and a proven ability to execute. I'd like to thank our 
team for their continued contribution. 

I'll now walk you through the performance of our Generics and Specialty businesses. 

As mentioned in this morning's release, beginning this quarter Mylan has reevaluated its segment disclosure to better 
reflect how we run and manage our business. Following the completion of our acquisition of nearly all of the remaining 
non-controlling interest in Matrix and its subsequent de-listing from the Indian stock exchanges, the former Matrix 
segment is now being included within our Generics segment in our Asia Pacific region, with the exception of Matrix's 
European business, Docpharma, which is now included in our EMEA region and represents approximately 100 million 
in annualized revenues. 

Starting in North America, third-party revenues totaled 492 million, up 8% over the prior year period. New products 
contributed 60 million to the region's revenues during the quarter, including revenues received from limited 
competition launches. We remain on target to achieve four more such launches in the second half of this year and more 
than a dozen in 2010. 

Our positive North America revenue performance also reflects a U.S. product portfolio that remains the strongest we 
have ever had. Currently we have 125 ANDAs pending FDA approval, representing 86 billion in annual brand sales; 36 


of these pending ANDAs are potential first-to-file opportunities representing 19 billion in annual brand sales. 
Moreover, we remain well positioned to continue capturing opportunities from generics products, supply disruptions in 
the U.S., and believe that customers today are placing more value than ever on supplier quality and reliability, which 
has always been a significant strength of Mylan and sources of competitive advantage that bode well as we continue to 
be opportunistic to secure additional business. 

In EMEA, third-party revenues for the quarter totaled 415 million, a decline of about 1% from the same period a year 
ago driven largely by a stronger U.S. dollar in the current year. On a constant currency basis, third-party revenues 
increased 7% with four out of five of our major markets contributing to that growth. 

Revenues were higher in France and Italy due to new product launches, increased volumes and gains in market share. 
In Spain, our revenues were higher due mainly to new product launches, in particular that of Atorvastatin. 

In the U.K., our revenues rebounded from the impact of an overstocking environment in 2008. And as expected, 
revenues in Germany were lower due to the impact of tenders, particularly the AOK tender that went into effect in 
June. 

Overall, we continue to be very pleased with the growth, portfolio expansion, operational efficiencies and market 
penetrations we are achieving throughout Europe. We expect to deliver another quarter of year-over-year growth in 
constant currency revenues in the fourth quarter, thanks in part to the launch of Clopidogrel in several countries 
including France, the U.K., Holland and Germany, where we launched in early October. 

In our Asia Pacific region, third-party revenues for the quarter totaled 206 million, a year-over-year increase of about 
2% compared to the same period last year, including the impact of the currently stronger U.S. dollar. On a constant 
currency basis, our year-over-year revenues increased 6%. 

In Australia, revenues for the quarter were lower year-over-year as last year's results benefited from customer 
restocking that took place following the government-mandated price cuts that went into effect last July. We remain 
pleased with our performance in this market despite aggressive discounting by our competitors on top of the price cuts. 
Customers continue to value Alphapharm. The power of this number one brand is driving overall solid volume growth 
in this expanding market that has seen a nearly 10% increase in the rate of generic utilization over the past year to about 
38%. 

In Japan, we continue to benefit from the expanding market for generic products resulting in a nearly 10% 
year-over-year revenue increase. 

And as expected, Matrix enjoyed double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, due principally to sales of antiretroviral 
products in our expanding ARV, API and finished dosage form business. We now offer 26 ARV dosage forms, 
including first and second-line products; innovative formulations, such as the only available heat-stable version of 
ritonavir, and pediatric formulations. Further, we continue to expect the fourth quarter to be Asia Pacific's seasonally 
strongest. 

Finally, our Specialty segment. Dey delivered another very strong third quarter performance, thanks to robust seasonal 
sales of our EpiPen Auto-Injector. Year-over-year, third-party revenues rose 20% to 151 million, due mainly to 
double-digit growth in sales of our Auto-Injector and Perforomist Solution, as well as incremental sales from the 
recently added EMSAM product. 

Earlier this month, we launched the new version of our EpiPen Auto-Injector, which is a potentially lifesaving, 
emergency-use product unlike most other auto-injectors. While the new Pen operates similarly to the old auto-injector, 
it includes enhanced design features intended to optimize the usability of the product and make it more user friendly 
under stressful conditions by patients and caregivers who are not healthcare professionals. 

Given the uniqueness of the EpiPen product and the urgent circumstances surrounding its use, training of healthcare 
professionals, pharmacists, caregivers, patients and others is an important component to proper use of the Pen. We 
pride ourselves in the ongoing training programs we have to support the proper use of the EpiPen Auto-Injector. And in 
anticipation of the launch of our new Pen, we have enhanced our training to ensure familiarity with the features of the 


new auto-injector. As usual, we expect Dey's fourth quarter revenues to be significantly lower than third quarter due to 
the seasonal demand of our EpiPen product. 

In summary, our strong results for this quarter as well as the implied fourth quarter guidance for revenue and adjusted 
EPS show that our top and bottom lines are trending consistently, exemplifying yet again the power of the platform 
we've assembled – a platform that, from a commercial perspective, supports the product line so large and diverse that it 
can easily handle our dynamic industry's inherent and constant volatility, for instance, by absorbing fluctuations caused 
by factors such as seasonality, loss of exclusivity or market disruptions. 

In addition, from a technical operations perspective, our platform currently is just beginning to hit its stride following 
two years of very successful integration activities, as we delivered synergies and operational efficiencies that were 
accelerated quicker than even our own expectations. We see continued success along these lines in 2010 and beyond, as 
we will aggressively seek and continue to capture operational efficiencies. These traits and corresponding results 
continue to give us confidence in our ability to deliver continued sustainable growth in 2010. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Dan. 

Daniel C. Rizzo Jr., Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief 
Accounting Officer 

Thank you, Heather, and good morning, everyone. I will first walk you through the details of our third quarter financial 
results, while at the same time updating the various elements of our 2009 full year financial guidance. And then, I will 
turn the call over to Brian who will conclude by providing an update on the status of our cash flow, capital structure 
and liquidity position. 

During my review, I will refer to specific financial metrics that have been prepared on an adjusted basis, the basis upon 
which we develop all elements of our financial guidance. As Dan mentioned earlier, please refer to the non-GAAP 
measures section of today's earnings release for detailed reconciliations of these adjusted basis amounts to our GAAP 
basis measures. 

In summary, we had another very strong quarter of operational and financial performance. Starting on the top-line, total 
company adjusted revenues for the third quarter were $1.26 billion, a 5% increase over last year's third quarter adjusted 
revenues of 1.2 billion. On a constant currency basis, our year-over-year growth in adjusted revenues was 
approximately 9%. 

For the nine months, adjusted revenues totaled 3.71 billion, up 7% over the 3.47 billion reported for the same period a 
year ago, up about 14% on a constant currency basis. We still project full year adjusted revenues to be in the range of 

4.9 billion to $5.1 billion. 
Looking at our operational profitability measures, adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 46.3%. For the nine 
months of 2009, adjusted gross margin stands at 47.4%, toward the upper end of our full year guidance range of 46 to 
48%, and approximately 240 basis points higher than the adjusted gross margin reported for the first nine months of last 
year, driven primarily by integration synergies, operational efficiencies and a strong product mix. 

Turning to research and development, adjusted R&D expenses for the third quarter were $70 million, or 5.5% of 
adjusted revenues, an increase of $15 million sequentially from the second quarter of this year. Consistent with our 
prior comments, the sequential increase reflects the expected timing of R&D activities throughout the year to be 
backend loaded. For the first nine months of the year, adjusted R&D expense stands at 180 million or 4.9% of adjusted 
revenues. We continue to expect full year R&D expense as a percent of adjusted revenues to be in the range of five to 
6%. 

Adjusted SG&A expense for the third quarter was $250 million, or 19.8% of adjusted revenues. For the first nine 
months, adjusted SG&A costs were $738 million or 19.9% of adjusted revenues, right in line with our full-year 
guidance of 19 to 21%. 


As a result, adjusted EBITDA was $300 million for the quarter and 942 million for the first nine months, representing a 
$212 million increase over the 730 million of adjusted EBITDA reported for the first nine months of last year. We 
continue to project full year adjusted EBITDA in the range of 1.15 billion to $1.275 billion. 

Now, for a look at a couple of our non-operational financial metrics. 

Third quarter cash interest expense was $66 million compared to 87 million for the same period a year ago. This 
improvement is due to a combination of lower short-term interest rates and accelerated repayments of our 2009 and 
2010 bank term loan maturities. Based on current short-term interest rates, we now expect full year cash cost of 
borrowing to approximate $280 million at the low end of our previous guidance of 280 million to 290 million. 

Looking at income taxes, our full year adjusted effective tax-rate is now expected to be approximately 30%, including 
about 55 million of tax synergies, versus our previously estimated adjusted effective income tax rate of 31%. 

As a result of this favorable change, our third quarter adjusted rate was approximately 28% which benefited our third 
quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share by a little more than a penny. Accordingly, our fourth quarter adjusted 
effective income tax rate is anticipated to return to 30%. 

With respect to the bottom line, these favorable metrics drove very strong adjusted net income and adjusted diluted 
earnings per share results as well. 

Adjusted net income was 142 million for the quarter, an increase of $37 million or 35% over the 105 million recorded 
for the same period a year ago, and now stands at 440 million for the first nine months of the year. Due to the strong 
results in the quarter, we now expect full year adjusted net income to be in the range of 550 million to 575 million, as 
compared to our prior guidance of 500 million to 550 million. 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter were $0.32, an increase of $0.09 or 39% compared to last 
year's third quarter adjusted diluted EPS of $0.23. For the first nine months, adjusted diluted EPS was $0.97 compared 
to $0.52 for the same period a year ago. 

In addition, our third quarter adjusted average diluted share count was approximately 30 million shares lower than in 
last year's third quarter, principally due to a decrease in the calculated number of if-converted shares associated with 
the company's mandatory preferred stock, a direct result of the strong performance of our common stock price thus far 
this year, in particular, the levels it reached in September. Accordingly, we're now assuming a lower number of 
if-converted shares in the fourth quarter compared to our previous assumption of approximately 153 million shares, 
which assumed the maximum conversion rate. 

As a result of our strong third quarter operating performance and the expectation for this positive momentum to 
continue into the fourth quarter, we increased our full year 2009 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range to $1.24 to $1.28 
from the previous range of $1.13 to $1.20. Based on our nine-month year-to-date results, this increased full year EPS 
guidance range comprise a fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS guidance range of 27 to $0.31. 

I will now turn the call over to Brian Byala for a look at our cash flow, capital structure and liquidity metrics. Brian? 

Brian Byala, Senior Vice President and Treasurer 

Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. Turning to cash flows, for the second consecutive quarter, we generated 
operating cash flows in excess of $200 million, as our third quarter operating cash flow was a very strong 210 million, 
bringing our year-to-date total to 547 million. This was principally driven by our strong adjusted earnings and 
improved working capital performance. 

We are leaving our full year 2009 operating cash flow guidance range unchanged at 550 million to 625 million, as we 
expect our prior guidance range to absorb the previously announced 83 million after-tax cash outflows in settlement of 
a longstanding legal dispute. 


Capital expenditure for the quarter were 30 million, and stand at 83 million for the first nine months of the year. Similar 
to last year, we expect a significant portion of our capital spending to take place in the fourth quarter, and therefore, 
expect full year capital expenditures to approximate 175 million. 

Our liquidity position remains strong. Despite the litigation settlement payment made earlier this month, our current 
unrestricted cash and marketable securities balance remains over $500 million. And as a reminder, we have prepaid 
through 2010 all our scheduled term loan maturities. 

The combination of our strong earnings generation and the impact of the early term loan repayments puts our secured 
debt at approximately 2.9 times our last 12-month covenant basis adjusted EBITDA. This ratio is comfortably below 
our year-end covenant threshold. 

Indicative of our solid liquidity and capital structure position, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services upgraded our 
corporate credit rating during the quarter to BB from BB- with a stable outlook. This follows the upgrade in our rating 
outlook to positive from stable by Moody's Investors Service earlier in the year. 

So in summary, I am extremely pleased with our excellent operational performance which led to the generation of our 
strong quarterly cash flow. I strongly believe that this performance and further expected strong cash flow positions us 
very well to execute on our strategy to aggressively delever and provide the opportunity for further accelerated 
repayments of our debt schedule. 

I'll now turn the floor back over to Dan. 

Dan Crookshank, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Brian. Michelle, we are now ready to open up the lines for questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Richard Silver with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Good morning. Just a quick one on the reconciliation total revenues that's provided in the 
release versus the sum of the segments, there seems to be about a $44 million difference. Can you help us on that one? 
And I do have one follow-up. 

<A - Daniel C. Rizzo Jr., Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer>: Sure, 
Rich. Thank you for the question. Principally, it's due to intra-segment revenues within the Generics segment between 
the three regions that comprise the lower level of the segment. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Okay. And then, there was some recent story in the press about price cuts in France as part of 
cost – this is I believe part of their social security financing law, and just trying to get some sense, and they did mention 
both generic and brand products. Can you give us some insight on what this is, and how this might or might not affect 
Mylan's business in France going forward? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Sure. Rich, I think you're referring to the article that talked – there was actually two 
pieces, the generic incentives, and they had had a discussion around the capping the contracts. And I think it's to that 
point because there is some tie, but they're moving in the right direction. I think prescribing traits, we'll have to kind of 
be wait-and-see, but the contracts and the generic incentives continue to move in the right direction. 

With that said, the anticipated discounts starting in January 2010 were anticipated in our plan. We do see our larger 
generic volume products having an impact, but believe we're better positioned than anybody to overcome those from a 
couple of things – our cost of goods initiatives, the efficiencies that we're reaping out of the European business, and we 


have some important product launches coming up. So all of that we see offsetting, like I said, the discounts that we've 
already anticipated in our plan. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Elliot Wilbur with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Hi, thanks. Just with respect to the launch of the new EpiPen product, can you just talk maybe 
about the relative pricing of the new version versus the prior product? And also given the strong performance in the 
Specialty segment in the second quarter, whether or not you think that was maybe boosted a little bit by trade buying in 
anticipation of any sort of price increase on EpiPen specifically? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: So just to kind of maybe start at the end of your question. I believe that our market 
expansion efforts really go – are attributed to the strong growth that we've seen in EpiPen year-over-year. I believe that 
we still have opportunities around continued market expansion, but we really saw not only the peak go up in EpiPen, 
but we saw it even last longer year-over-year. So I think we're really starting to see a move towards, like I said, just 
straight expansion of the market, and we are excited about our new launch of our product. And I think it's off to a 
strong start, and like I said, that we really believe the user friendly and the training around the new device are all great 
enhancements to the Auto-Injector. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: And then maybe without going into specifics, but is it fair to assume that the new version carries 
a higher price point than the prior product? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Yes, there is a higher price point. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great, thanks for the question. Any Apotex contribution in the quarter? Then Robert, how 
are you thinking about contribution from share gains in 2010, and then maybe just an update on is it still 45 launches in 
2010 with 12 of limited competition? Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm going to let Heather go ahead and take that. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Just first on the Apotex, let me say that we certainly have seen volume increases. 
But I wouldn't say they are significant to the Apotex issues yet, because we really saw the supply chain full of their 
products. So I think, just like we saw on the Ranbaxy case, that almost took six months for the supply to get out of the 
supply chain. But we definitely are seeing strong volume growth across all of our base business. 

And as far as the product count, there is really no material change overall on 2010. And we'll be coming back to you 
obviously after Q4 with an update, but no material changes in the number of launches. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Scott Hirsch with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Great, thanks. Can you first give us some color on the Fentanyl pricing and market share? And 
then my follow-up is, any update on the Latin America situation? 


<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: You do the first one, I'll take the second. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Yes. As far as Fentanyl, just see very, very stable. We're still holding right around 
that 50% market share that we've had, and continue to see stability in our supply as well as our pricing. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: In terms of the Latin America, we have looked at 
that real hard in the last couple of months, and reached an agreement with Merck that we would not be exercising the 
out-of-scope countries in the Latin America region because we feel that our own strategy for Latin America actually is 
quite more robust than the work that it would take for how small the Merck piece is down there in Latin America and 
all the integration efforts that would have to come with it. 

So in addition to that, in the Asia Pacific region, we did also reach an agreement with Merck rather than take on the 
whole region. We took on the country, Taiwan, something that was very important to us from the very beginning. 
We're very excited about that, and so we're in the process right now of finishing up all the administrative things in order 
to bring Taiwan online. And I think, Heather, what do you think – about two, three, four months to kind of bring them 
--? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Sure, yes. It should not be a lengthy exercise. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: In order to complete that. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: And what about timeline on Latin America for your own entry? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I would not look at anything contributing to Latin 
America for at least, I'd say, another nine to 12 months. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from Ken Cacciatore with Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Ken Cacciatore>: Hi, thanks, guys. Robert, just could you comment or talk about maybe some potential branded 
acquisitions? Dey is clearly doing very well for you, was wondering if there is anything we could be thinking about in 
the near-term in terms of product acquisitions. 

And then also, Heather, on the EpiPen, you went to great lengths to talk about the need to retrain, making it a different 
product. Are you planning on pulling the old product at any point in time? Thank you. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Why don't you do that first. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Yes, Rich (sic) [Ken] we will be --. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's Ken. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: I'm sorry – Ken. We will be switching over total supply to the new product. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And Ken, in terms of product acquisition, I think 
it's extremely fair for you to be thinking about the work that we're doing around the portfolio of Dey as we continue to 
look to extend that portfolio. And I think acquisition of portfolio is something that ought to be a part of that 
consideration. 

Operator 

We'll move on to Greg Gilbert with Bank of America – Merrill Lynch. 


<Q - Gregory Gilbert>: Thank you. First, any changes in your plans and timeline for debt paydown? And then for 
Heather, what's your best guess right now on what settlement language will make it through to the other side, and 
whether anything might change on the authorized generic front? Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Greg, I continue to remain vigilant, very, very 
vigilant to an accelerated delevering plan. And with the strong cash flow that we continue to produce, I think it would 
be fair for you to think about, as we have last year, the potential for us to prepay 2011 before this year's out as well. 
Heather? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: And as far as the settlement – what legislation goes, I would say even though it 
made it out of Committee, it was a very partisan bill. I think it's lost some momentum as part of this broader healthcare 
package reform. I continue to believe if something would move on patent settlement, authorized generics has to be 
fixed in that. I think we also are continuing to pursue other options as part of the overall healthcare reform for the 
authorized generic fix as well. 

Operator 

We'll move on to John Boris with Citi. 

<Q - John Boris>: Thanks for taking the questions. Just one for Heather on new product launches. If we look at the 
deceleration that we've seen – I think in the first quarter you reported 185 million, 112 in the second, 60 million in the 
third. Can we get any insight into what was in the 60 million? And on top of that, should we continue to see a 
deceleration there and uptick from BenzaClin and some of the other products or product launches that you anticipate? 
And then, I have a follow-up. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: So as far as the product launches go, we continue to trend towards a high volume, 
still a high number of launches throughout the end of Q4, and obviously as I've stated, into 2010. I think that when you 
look at the current quarter, we obviously had a couple of the limited competition launches that I had previously 
disclosed – the BenzaClin, Clindamycin and we still, like I said, are on track for four more of those in Q4. So I see 
those trending up consistently Q4, and then into Q10 as far as number of launches. 

<Q - John Boris>: Okay. And can you give any insight into the antiretroviral sale that you've had and what kind of 
sequential acceleration there might be going on there? And then, just on matrix patches, it seems as though the branded 
companies obviously moved to a matrix patch. You've had another company get approval for a matrix patch out of 
Japan. It seems like there is more matrix patches or the direction is going in matrix patches. Are we potentially going to 
see the FDA at some point take some action on reservoir patches here? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Why don't you talk a little bit about that first? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Well, let me start with saying, I certainly would hope so. We've been advocating 
for now years that the reservoir patches really puts an unnecessary risk into the marketplace. It should be taken out, it's 
an antiquated technology. So we certainly would hope so. And we have continued to work with the FDA on that front. 
As far as the --. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Have we ever given them the top-line on the ARV? 
We haven't given you the exact number. I can only tell you it's very high double-digit growth that we're experiencing 
and we see it continuing through 2010. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Chris Schott with JP Morgan. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: Great, thanks. Just a couple of questions. I want to come back to the overall kind of base U.S. 
franchise. I know you talked a lot about some of the volume gains you've been seeing. Can you just update us at this 


point – given how many competitors, line interruptions we've seen – just what we kind of think about when we think 
about pricing in that business? And then, I have a couple of follow-ups from there. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Here is what I'd say. As we've said many times, we're managing a very very now 
large portfolio of close to 250 products. So while there definitely have been volume enhancements and some 
opportunities around a more stable pricing environment, certainly, I think my commentary around customers putting 
some value on the reliability and quality of the supply chain is moving towards a bit of a more stable pricing 
environment and product mix. 

And again, I've always said, one size, one shoe doesn't fit all. I think it really does constitute what your product mix is 
from niche opportunities, that in Mylan we have several, as well as exclusivities and how they come and go. But I do 
think that the customers' reliability on quality and supply is factoring into a bit more stable environment. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: Great, thanks. And then, sorry if I missed this earlier, but could you just elaborate a little more in 
terms of what drove down the 3Q tax rate? And is that 30% number for 4Q a good rate to use beyond 2009? And 
maybe if I could slip one last one in there, can you maybe just update us of where the CFO search process is? Thanks. 

<A - Daniel C. Rizzo Jr., Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer>: With 
regard to the tax rate, we've been saying for 2009 a range of around 30 to 31%. We were using – to be conservative – 
the upper end of that range through the first six months. We've gotten a little bit more visibility. We feel comfortable 
now with the lower end of the range. So really nothing major going on, just trying to be prudently conservative as the 
year unfolds into what our full year expectation. 

As to 2010, I mean, I think it goes without saying that – consistent with Rob and Heather's comments – that really we're 
not updating 2010, but there hasn't been no material changes. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But I want to make sure it is clear that we are – any 
benefit that we received in the first quarter will reversed in that in the fourth quarter. 

<A - Brian Byala, Senior Vice President and Treasurer>: Well, we got a pickup in the third quarter a little bit like I 
talked about --. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<A - Daniel C. Rizzo Jr., Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer>: A little bit 
more than a penny, because we lowered the third quarter rate to catch up our full year nine-month rate to 30%. So that 
obviously won't recur in the fourth quarter, but we're expecting 30% on an adjusted basis in the fourth quarter this year. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And in terms of the CFO search, I'm very confident 
by the next quarterly conference call, we'll have our new CFO in place. 

Operator 

And moving on, we have Marc Goodman with UBS. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Heather, two things. One, in the U.S., if I just look at kind of the core Generics business just 
kind of carving out what Duragesic does, what some of your other big products like Citalopram does, we can kind of 
forecast those, and then, of course, Depakote ER – and that's a first stab. If you just look at the core other kind of 
generic line, it has increased dramatically from the first to the second to the third quarter. 

So is this just across the board, just volume gains, there is no one big product in there that you benefited from? I know 
you've mentioned Apotex – you don't believe you picked up that much. I just want to make sure this is broad based and 
there is no like one or two key products. 

And then, the second question is, can you give us a little flavor for what's going on in Japan? You talked about 10% 
growth for you. Have you gained share down there, and has generic penetration picked up at all, and how that's played 


out this year? Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Before you address them, I'll go to Japan 
afterwards. I want to underscore something that Heather's already said, I believe, in a prior answer. The relationship 
with our customers has never been, I think, more powerful than it has been, let's just say, over the last two quarters, say 
six months. And I think that relationship is going to continue to enhance in terms of the customers' appreciation of what 
it's like to deal with a large scale player with reliable supply. 

I would say that our customers will always use their best efforts to keep us as competitive as they need to be. I don't 
want to – I want to underscore that. But I see a forging of a relationship with our customer base, both the wholesalers 
and the chains, that I think is moving in a very powerful direction, just because the overall healthcare industry delivery 
system as a whole is undergoing change and I think it's kind of forcing, I believe, naturally these relationships that I'm 
trying to describe. And I think Mylan's in a very, very strong position to be able to deliver for them, and I think we will 
be one of the beneficiaries of that. 

You want to say anything more about the portfolio? Then I'll talk about Japan. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: On the product, it is very broad based throughout our portfolio, not on any one 
product. What I will say is that Mylan continues to deliver on hard to manufacture products, niche products like Paxil, 
Oxybutynin. So I think, like I said, it goes to our mix as well as what we are able to deliver to the marketplace, and just 
seeing a very robustness across our entire base business. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And Marc, in terms of Japan, regardless of the 10% 
year-over-year growth, I'm nowhere near satisfied where I think we need to be in Japan. I am personally spending a 
considerable amount of my time working directly into that particular market. As you know again, Japan does not move 
very quickly. I see – and because Japan does not represent a material amount in our overall numbers, it really presents, 
I believe, Mylan with a real opportunity for growth over there because I'm not growing from a very, very large base in 
terms of my net income contribution. 

And it's – so I really intend on working closely with the regional president over there and the local management over 
there. We are undergoing right now a lot of options, there's a lot of work being done, and we will make the necessary 
adjustments in order to garner what we consider to be a disproportionate share of the growth in the generic industry 
over the next few years in Japan. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Adam Greene with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Hi, good morning. Question on EpiPen. I believe the new product was CBE-30. So I'm just 
curious if the generic would be AP-rated for the new formulation? Or does it really depend upon how it's classified in 
First DataBank in their system? And then I've got a follow-up to that. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: As we've stated, we believe that receiving the AB-rated, just an AB rating in 
general is a very, very high hurdle given the drug and device technology and the life threatening use that EpiPen serves. 
So given the fact that how important training is of the product and the importance – and the enhancements that have 
been made, we certainly believe that if there were ever to be a generic on the market, it would have to match the 
product that we have. So like I said, we see that as unlikely. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Right. But assuming that the hurdles can be met with the new formulation, is it different enough 
or could you still get a substitution given that it's not differentiated in the Orange Book? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But I think the real key to your question is 
assuming the hurdles can be met. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Right. 


<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the devil is in that detail. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Okay. And then a follow-up, unrelated. How much of the Asia Pacific growth, 10% constant 
currency, was driven by the inclusion of Matrix revenue this quarter? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Yes, it was on a like-for-like basis year-over-year. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Ronny Gal with Bernstein. 

<Q - Aaron Gal>: Hey, good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Couple of them. First, regarding the 
action in Washington about potentially increasing the rebate to federal plans, can you give us a quick update of where 
you think those initiatives are and how would they influence you? How would the playoff between increased volume 
and potentially higher rebate work? And I have a follow-up. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: In my own opinion, I think it will end up being 13% for generics which is up from 
11% where it is today. And as far as the effects of that, remember there was quite a big change when Medicare Part D 
came in. So dual eligibles that were under the Medicaid plan, now under the Medicare plan. So as far as – there would 
be really no impact – material impact to the business. And as far as the volumes, to your point, would very much offset. 

<Q - Aaron Gal>: So your assumption is, it essentially would be a net positive for the business? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Well, I wouldn't say net positive. I was trying to give you some appreciation just 
about three, four years ago just the shift from the dual eligibles from Medicaid that we were subjected to pay a rebate 
on. So while that came down pretty significantly, that is more what offset even this increase to 13%. 

<Q - Aaron Gal>: Got you. A follow-up, Heather, if I could about the FDA. From your contact with them, where do 
you take their spending in terms of increasing the staff to deal with the backlog of approvals? And also, where are they 
in terms of staffing up to do more compliance visits in Asia? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: So obviously, we've been huge advocates – Mylan, the generic industry for OGD 
funding, and believe it's been underfunded for years and continue to fight every year for appropriations for more 
funding. So just in general, the funding is an important element. 

I think that when you look at foreign inspections, I continue to believe that that will be a very material and key part 
going into next year, and I believe it's not just Asia, it's all foreign inspections. Because as I've stated before, there is 
really no regulation on finished dosage form facilities, and in the United States, it's every two years. We believe that 
bar should be the same around the world, and then obviously, that would continue to the increase in funding required. 
We've presented options with how FDA could handle that from an expense perspective. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from David Buck with Buckingham Research Group. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, thanks for the question. Just a couple. First on Matrix, since you changed the segment 
reporting, you mentioned I guess about 25 million or so is now in Europe. Is the remainder exclusively in Asia Pacific 
for the quarter, and if you could, can you just tell us what the number was for the quarter? 

Secondly, for 2010, Heather, you mentioned that you had achieved some higher synergies this year and $300 million 
plus is the remainder expected for next year. Bottom line, is the change still expected to be in the cost of goods sold and 
vertical integration of API? And if so, what is the percentage you're expecting this year to be vertically integrated 
versus next year? Thanks. 


<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First on the Matrix, the only piece that we moved, 
Dave, was the Docpharma piece. And from a modeling point of view, just it would be safe for you to use. That was 
about a $100 million top-line business, and I think it's safe to use that if you want to – that's the piece that was moved 
out, the rest is Matrix and it does operate in the Asia Pacific region. And again, this change is a very simple change, 
and it definitely reflects how we're looking at and running the business. And also don't forget that we do intend, going 
forward, to bring an Indian commercial presence online through a finished dosage form. So that also fits right there in 
the region. 

<A - Rajiv Malik>: And regarding synergies, so while cost synergies are being driven by the cost of goods as well as 
the vertical integration, and the vertical integration which is currently about 10% on the commercial market will be 
moving towards 18 to 20% in the next year. 

Operator 

And we're moving on to Tim Chiang with FTN. 

<Q - Tim Chiang>: Hi, Robert. I had a question about the international manufacturers of generic product. Are you 
seeing tighter standards being imposed by the FDA on international manufacturers? I mean, it seems like that's helped 
you this year. But how will that help you or hurt you next year given the fact that you are trying to move more of your 
products outside the U.S. to be made? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I mean – go ahead, you take the first piece. 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: It's not tighter standards. I think that what we're seeing is that the FDA is beginning 
to impose the standards we have here in the United States, and just enforcing those standards through foreign 
inspections. So that's what I would say is how I'd categorize it. And in fact we have been a huge proponent of raising 
that bar, because we hold our facilities to the same standards across the world. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And I want to be – I want you to be careful in terms 
of what you might be thinking about when you think about us moving our products overseas. I will not use that as a 
general statement, because I don't believe that that statement is true. I would only tell you that what we are driving 
towards is more efficiency, efficiency and efficiency. 

And I must tell you, Tim, there is a gigantic advantage of having a facility like we have here in the United States, the 
Morgantown facility, and being able to do the volumes here. I'm not sure how you can actually put a price tag on – 
when a customer calls you up and has a need, has a gap filler and it needs it quick. Could you imagine if we would 
move all of our manufacturing overseas and have to, one, clear exports; two, arrive at customs; three, wait to get clear 
the customs; and four, to have that product delivered after it's inspected by us to the customer? It would just be – it 
would be – it just couldn't logistically get done. The opportunity would come and go. 

So that's what really has made Mylan, I think, probably unique in the industry than most of our competitors because 
what we do have is the strength in diversity. We have opportunities; we're structured; where there is opportunities, 
we're there to strike; where we need lower costs we have; we spread ourselves out and managed our overall global 
manufacturing in such a way to best serve all of the markets. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Moskowitz with Caris & Company. 

<Q - David Moskowitz>: Yes, gee – hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: David. 


<Q - David Moskowitz>: I'm sorry about that. Thanks for taking the questions. So first question is on EpiPen. Was 
there a price increase on the former product in the quarter and when did you take that price increase? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: There was just the price increase on the newly launched product. 

<Q - David Moskowitz>: Okay. And can you quantify what the difference is in price? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: I mean, we don't get into individual pricing, but there was an increase taken with 
the launch. 

<Q - David Moskowitz>: Okay. And just to press it one more time, is it a substantial increase off of the base price? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: I think it was – it's in line with what you would look at as brand launches or new 
product introductions. 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And for the technology. 

<Q - David Moskowitz>: Okay. Very good, thanks. And can you give us an update on the number of U.S. approvals 
expected this year versus the number that you guys have received already? 

<A - Heather Bresch, President>: Yes. We're pretty much on track. Like I said, there is nothing really – any material 
change or difference in the updates that I've given. So we're right on track with our approvals here in the United States. 

Operator 

And we have time for one final question, and that question will come from Michael Tong with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: Hey, Robert, and I just wanted to follow-up with a question on Japan. What do you think you 
need to do better in order to make a more substantial entry into the Japanese market – think about the tactical options 
that you are considering? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Great question, Michael. And without getting into 
and divulging too much of our strategy, I think as I look at the Japan market being such a real brand – generic market, 
much more brand so than I would even say it's generic. And given the relationship between the reps and the docs, the 
reps, the hospitals and the reps and the pharmacy, I really seriously am looking very hard at how we are aligned over 
there. Are we aligned more represented a brand company or should we be more really aligned to represent more of a 
generic play? 

And you got to be careful, you can't do that too fast because you got to make sure that the generic market is ready to 
receive a generic structure. In another words, you don't want to slight that relationships that are already in place. 
However, if the distribution of the product volumes are moving more like a generic distribution, then you got to realign 
your infrastructure in such a way and move those dollars around to put emphasis in those areas that are much more 
prevalent and needed. And that's kind of sort of what I'm talking about here. 

<Q - Michael Tong>: So what you're saying is that you're looking at Japan becoming more of a generic market, and 
therefore, you're thinking of aligning your resources that way? 

<A - Robert J. Coury, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. I would say more looking at the just how our 
sales and marketing infrastructure is situated in – again, you have to move in the speed of the way the market is 
moving, and the market is moving more towards a generic sensitive market. I think that there is definitely traction that 
is taking hold. And so you're not going to get that acceleration, but what you need to start with is that traction. That 
traction has taken hold, and as more and more of that market realizes the benefits of increased generic utilization, then I 
think you'll see this acceleration over there in order to meet the government requirements – self-imposed requirements 
that it put on itself to take the generic utilization up to 30%. And that's what I want to be ready for. 


Operator 

And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to our speakers. 

Dan Crookshank, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you very much, Michelle. Thanks, everyone, for joining us for the call today. We'll be available to answer some 
follow-up question offline. 

Once again, thank you very much for joining us. 

Operator 

And that does conclude our conference. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


