Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Daniel E. Crookshank, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• Robert J. Coury, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Edward J. Borkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Heather Bresch, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
Other Participants 

• Ken Cacciatore 
• Chris Schott 
• Greg Gilbert 
• Randall Stanicky 
• Caius Christoe 
• David Buck 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Richard Silver 
• Corey Davis 
• David Moskowitz 
• Ronny Gal 
• Michael Tong 
• John Boris 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Please stand by. Good day, everyone. We are about to begin Mylan's Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the conference 
call over to Dan Crookshank, Mylan's Vice President of Global Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 

Daniel E. Crookshank, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Matt. Good afternoon, everyone. Joining me for today's call today are Mylan's Vice Chairman and CEO, 
Robert J. Coury; our Chief Operating Officer, Heather Bresch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Ed Borkowski. 

In today's call, including the Q&A, we'll be making forward-looking statements, including those related to our 
anticipated business levels, our future earnings, our planned activities, and other expectations for future periods. Note 
that these statements are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995. Because these statements are forward-looking, they [audio gap] uncertainties, and accordingly, our actual results 
may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in our 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended September 30, 2008, and in our other Securities and Exchange 
Commission filings. You can access our Form 10-Q and other SEC filings through the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 


And we encourage you to do so. In addition during the conference call, we will be referring to certain results and 
projections of Mylan that are non-GAAP measures. It should be noted that the non-GAAP measures, such as adjusted 
diluted EPS, should be used only as a supplement to, not as a substitute for, or as a superior measure to, measures of 
financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Please refer to today's earnings release, which contains a 
detailed reconciliation from our GAAP based measures to our non-GAAP adjusted basis net income adjusted diluted 
EPS and adjusted EBITDA measures. 

And before I turn the call over to Robert, let me also remind you that we are conducting a live webcast of this 
afternoon's call and that the webcast and related presentation slides can be accessed on our website at www.mylan.com. 
In addition, the webcast will be available for replay on our website for up to seven days following the conclusion of 
today's call. 

Please note the material in the call, with the exception of the participant questions, is the property of Mylan, and cannot 
be recorded or rebroadcast without Mylan's expressed written permission. 

I'll now turn the call over to Robert. 

Robert J. Coury, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Dan, welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon, and before we get started, I'd like to take 
a moment to thank all of our employees around the world who continue to dedicate themselves to helping Mylan meet 
its goal to becoming the highest quality and most efficient global generic specialty pharmaceutical company in the 
industry. 

I also would like to take a minute and with special thanks, recognize our Chief Financial Officer, Ed Borkowski. As 
most of you know, we announced this afternoon that Ed will be transitioning out of his role as CFO over the next few 
months, but will remain with Mylan until a successor is in place. I want to personally thank Ed for his commitment to 
Mylan over the last seven years. And I commend him for the role he played in supporting me and the company during 
this period of growth and transformation. 

2008 was truly a transformational year. As we move into a new phase for Mylan, Ed and I both agreed that this would 
be an appropriate time for him to be able to take on new challenges. Korn/Ferry International has been retained to lead 
the search for Ed's replacement, which is currently underway. Ed, on behalf of the Mylan Board of Directors and all of 
Mylan's employees, I wish Ed nothing less than the – great success in his future endeavors. 

Now given that this is 2008 year-end conference call, I would like to review a few of our accomplishments from the 
past year, before I discuss 2009 and 2010. Never in Mylan's history has there been a year of such tremendous change. 
We successfully combined three high quality complementary and industry-leading platforms into one efficient global 
organization. We integrated operations, cultivated a talented management team, and installed global systems. We also 
significantly broadened our product portfolio, leveraged our commercial footprint, and continued to streamline our cost 
structure. All of this has been achieved while we met and even exceeded our stated financial expectations. 

Our actions and results continue to demonstrate an unyielding commitment to deliver the most in terms of shareholder 
value. We took strategic risks, and now, as we look ahead, we see the reward of potentially significant enhanced 
long-term growth prospects for even a brighter future for Mylan and its shareholders. 

Looking to 2009 and 2010, I am extremely pleased to report that we remain on track to deliver adjusted diluted 
earnings per share in the range of 90 to $1.10 in 2009 and a $1.50 to $1.70 in 2010. We believe our guidance to be 
responsible, and considers our experiences from now having operated our global platform for a full year. We think one 
of the major differences between our previously stated guidance and our reaffirmed guidance is better visibility for '09 
and 2010. 

Following our exceptional performance in 2008, these projections reflect strong earnings growth of approximately 25% 
from '08 to '09, and even stronger rate of growth of approximately 60% from 2009 to '10. 


In 2008, our strong product mix and our continued focus on aggressively implementing cost reduction actions, over and 
above the planned integration activities, contributed to very strong adjusted gross margins of approximately 46%. 
Going forward, we expect a continuation of favorable adjusted gross margins, as we add to our product mix, and 
implement additional operational efficiencies. 

You will hear more from Heather and Ed about some of the operational and financial details that will enable us to 
deliver on our 2009 and '10 guidance. However, as I stated all along, our impressive year-over-year earnings growth 
will continue to come predominantly from the global assets that we've already assembled and the efficiencies that we 
continue to execute on. 

And as I've also stated many times, our primary focus in the near future will be to drive our business and deliver on our 
earnings per share with a special emphasis on 2010, because we've always believed that 2010 best represents the real 
baseline of the earnings potential of our newly combined assets. 

Based on our strong performance of our management team, I personally will now be turning my attention to 2011, '12 
and beyond. I anticipate multiple growth initiatives, some of which you have already heard about. For example, I 
continue to see growth in Asia-Pacific by optimizing our number one position in Australia, and leveraging our strong 
prospects in Japan. In EMEA, I am extremely pleased in what has already been accomplished, and I will be looking for 
additional growth in the Central Eastern European region. 

In the United States, we'll be looking for opportunistic business development where we can leverage our leadership 
position. I will also continue to put emphasis on our Dey, committing my personal energies to Dr. Carolyn Myers and 
her team. And I fully expect that our Specialty Division will continue to contribute to Mylan's growth strategy on a 
going forward basis. 

Also, I've been continuing to work with Dr. Patrick Vink on Mylan's generic biologic strategy. And we'll be speaking 
more about this in the near future. 

The next couple of years will also be particularly important years for – U.S. legislative perspective. With the new 
Presidential Administration in place, we will continue to work on policy issues that are critically important to our 
industry and consumers throughout the country. 

With that said, I'd like to turn over the call to Ed Borkowski, who will provide you a review and an update on our 
financials. 

Edward J. Borkowski, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Rob and for your kind words. It's been a tremendous experience working with you, and I know I will miss 
your drive and passion. I also want to thank the Board of Directors of Mylan, our management team, and employees for 
all their support over the last seven years. I'd like to say a special thank you to my finance team, a team that I believe is 
second to none and has accomplished outstanding results as Mylan has grown. We achieved so much, and I am very 
proud to have been part of it, and I look forward to watching Mylan's continued success. 

Now I'd like to walk you through our fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial results, briefly update you on the status 
of our capital structure and liquidity position, and take you through the assumptions and details of our updated '09 and 
'10 financial guidance. In some instances during my review, I will refer to specific financial metrics that have been 
prepared on an adjusted basis, the basis upon which we develop all elements of our financial guidance. Please refer to 
the non-GAAP measured section of today's earning release for detailed reconciliations of these adjusted basis amounts 
to our GAAP basis measures. 

Once again, we delivered yet another quarter of strong financial results, and as Rob stated, this performance led to 
Mylan delivering full year results that met or exceeded each and every element of our '08 financial guidance, which we 
last updated in October. Total company revenues for the quarter were $1.2 billion, bringing full year 2008 adjusted 
revenues, excluding 468 million related to the sale of Bystolic, to 4.67 billion. This total was 24 million ahead of the 


upper end of our previous revenue guidance range of 4.55 to 4.65 billion. 

For the quarter, this represented a 4% increase in revenues over the same period last year, excluding the effect of a 
stronger U.S. dollar, year-over-year revenue growth for the quarter would have been approximately 10%. Looking at 
our operational profitability measures, adjusted gross margin for the quarter was very strong, coming in at 47.8%, 
improving our full year adjusted gross margin to 46%, near the upper end of our most recently forecasted gross margin 
range of 45 to 46%. 

This strength was due primarily to a stronger than anticipated branded generic conversion rate for levetiracetam, 
stronger sales of several other new products, and another excellent quarter for fentanyl, which represented 
approximately 6% of total company revenues in the quarter. Adjusted R&D expense for the quarter was $72 million, 
bringing full year adjusted R&D expense to 303 million, or 6.5% of adjusted revenues, right at the low end of our 
forecast range of 6.5 to 7%. 

Adjusted selling, general, and administrative costs were 241 million for the fourth quarter, bringing full year adjusted 
SG&A expense to 963 million, or 20.6% of adjusted revenues, slightly better than our projected range of 21 to 22%. 
And adjusted EBITDA was very strong in the fourth quarter, coming in at $304 million. Our full year adjusted 
EBITDA of 1.03 billion easily topped the high end of our previous guidance range of 910 to 960 million. 

Taking a look at a couple of our non-operational financial metrics, cash interest expense was $87 million in the fourth 
quarter and totaled 351 million for the year. This is near the low end of our full year guidance range of 350 to 360 
million, and for the full year, our weighted average interest rate was approximately 6.5%, in line with our guidance. 
And as projected, our full year adjusted effective income tax rate came in at 38%, before the inclusion of nearly $50 
million of tax synergies. Including the tax synergies, our adjusted basis effective income tax rate was 29.5%. 

Fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS came in at $0.26 due mainly to higher-than-projected revenues and a continuation 
of our strong operational execution. For the full year, Mylan delivered total diluted EPS of $0.80, $0.13 above the 
upper end of our October guidance range. 

And finally, with respect to our cash flow metrics, operating cash flow was very solid in the fourth quarter coming in at 
135 million. This brings total operating cash flow for the full year to 384 million, or 165 million excluding 
approximately 219 million of after-tax proceeds from the first quarter sale of our rights of Bystolic. This result 
exceeded the upper end of our 110 to $150 million guidance range for full year operating cash flow, excluding the 
after-tax Bystolic proceeds. Capital expenditures totaled 165 million for the year, which was in line with our most 
recent full year forecast of 150 to 175 million. 

Now looking at our financial position, we took advantage of our strong fourth quarter operating cash flow and a 
favorable interest rate environment to further strengthen our capital structure and liquidity position. In addition to 
making our required quarterly minimum debt repayments, we prepaid the entire 115 million of 2009 required minimum 
debt maturities under our bank credit facilities. We extended $500 million of U.S. dollar interest rate swap contracts 
that were to mature in March 2010 for two additional years to March 2012 at an all-in fixed rate of 5.38%. And just last 
month, we executed new interest rate swap agreements on €200 million of our euro-denominated term loan borrowings 
to fix the interest rate on this amount of our borrowings at 5.38%. 

As a result, we ended the year at 557 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents. Between now and the end of 
2010, our minimum required credit facility debt repayments total only about 155 million, none of which is payable until 
the first quarter of 2010. And the level of our senior secured debt is approximately 3.5 times our last 12-month 
covenant basis adjusted EBITDA, which is well below our December 31, 2008 covenant threshold of 5.25. 

As I said last quarter, we continue to proactively and opportunistically manage our capital structure, and we continue to 
be in great shape from a liquidity perspective. So, in summary, we had a very strong finish to a very successful year on 
many fronts, building up strong momentum as we enter 2009. 

Now let me take you through a few details of our updated financial guidance for 2009 and 2010. Similar to the 
development of the guidance we published last May, the current guidance is the result of our detailed strategic planning 


and budgeting process, and considers commercial market conditions as we understand them today. We've prepared a 
slide that can now be viewed on the webcast, which summarizes the elements of our updated guidance. 

As you review this information, I'd like to share with you several underlying assumptions. Current projections for 2009 
and 2010 are based on currency translation rates representative of the recent market environment. All elements of our 
guidance published in May were representative of the currency rate environment in effect at that time. All elements of 
our '09 and '10 guidance include the projected results of the Dey Specialty business. Recall that in the guidance we 
provided last May, the Dey business was not included. We continue to factor Paragraph IV opportunities into our 
guidance at 50%, however, and as we've said before, these opportunities are not a significant element of our guidance 
for '09 or '10. 

Due to changes in the mix of our pre-tax earnings, including the insertion of Dey back into our guidance, we're now 
projecting our adjusted basis effective income tax rate to be in the range of 37 to 39% for both 2009 and 2010, which is 
higher than the 34 to 36% adjusted effective tax rate range that was projected for '09, '10 in May. Our updated guidance 
still incorporates the expected realization of tax planning synergies estimated to be approximately 55 million in 2009, 
and 70 million in 2010. Including the impact of these projected tax planning synergies, our all-in adjusted effective 
income tax rates are forecasted to be in the range of 30 to 31% in both 2009 and 2010. 

Our weighted average cash costs of borrowing, including the annual amortization of previously paid debt financing 
fees, is expected to be in the range of 5.75 to 6% for both 2009 and 2010. This projection takes into consideration the 
more favorable U.S. dollar LIBOR and euro LIBOR rates we are seeing in the credit markets today, as well as the 
effects of the interest rate swaps we've entered into. 

We're assuming a total cash interest cost of approximately 310 million in 2009, and in the range of 280 to 300 million 
in 2010. These interest expense projections also consider the currently more favorable currency translation rates in 
effect on our $1.2 billion of euro-denominated term loan borrowings, which continue to act as a natural hedge against a 
portion of our euro-denominated operating earnings. 

For the purpose of calculating adjusted diluted EPS, we're projecting that the if-converted method, which assumes 
conversion of our mandatory convertible preferred stock will be more dilutive to earnings than the preferred dividend 
payment. 

For 2009, to be conservative, we're assuming conversion of the preferred shares into approximately 153 million 
common shares, the maximum conversion rate. For 2010, we're assuming conversion of the preferred shares into 
approximately 125 million of common shares, the minimum conversion rate. Our May guidance had previously 
assumed a minimum conversion rate for both '09 and '10. The guidance is prepared on adjusted basis, and excludes 
purchase accounting, non-cash interest, and integration of the non-recurring charges. 

Now, directing your attention back to the slide, I'll start with our updated revenue and gross profit margin range 
projections. With respect to our updated revenue ranges, we're now projecting revenues in the range of 4.6 to 4.9 billion 
for 2009, growing to between 5.3 billion and 5.6 billion in 2010. These ranges are 400 million and $500 million lower, 
respectively, than the '09 and '10 revenue guidance ranges we forecasted last May. The positive effect of inserting Dey 
back into our guidance is being more than offset by the significant negative impact of the unfavorable change in 
currency exchange rates on our non-U.S. revenues. In addition, as we rebased our revenue projections for '09 and '10, 
we took the opportunity to reflect the contraction of pricing that we currently see in certain of our markets outside the 
United States, including what we experienced during 2008 in Australia. 

Our updated projected gross margin ranges of 46 to 48% for 2009, and 47 to 49% for 2010, have improved 
significantly by about 500 basis points when compared to our gross margin expectations last May. To put the amount 
by which we have increased our projected gross margin ranges into better perspective, note that our 2008 actual 
adjusted gross margin of approximately 46% ended up nearly 400 basis points ahead of the '08 gross margin range we 
established in the guidance we provided last May, due to the inclusion of Dey, and improved product mix, and 
additional operating efficiencies we continued to realize. 


Note also that our updated guidance reflects an approximate 100 basis points sequential improvement from our actual 
'08 margins to '09, and then another 100 basis point improvement from '09 to '10. Heather will discuss the specific 
drivers of our improved expectations for '09 and '10 in a few moments. 

Before moving on, let me point out that on a constant currency basis, at our assumed 2009 plan rates, our current 
projections now call for total company revenues to grow at an average annual rate of nearly 12% from 2008 to 2010, at 
the middle of the 2010 revenue guidance range, a very strong rate of growth. 

Now moving to our operating expenses, our projections for SG&A expense as a percent of revenues of 19 to 21% in 
2009, and 18% to 20% in 2010 and for R&D expense as a percent of revenues of 5 to 6% in both '09 and '10 are 
essentially unchanged. 

Next, our updated projections continue to call for increasing levels of adjusted EBITDA off of our base of 1.03 billion 
delivered in '08. We're now projecting adjusted EBITDA in the range of 1.075 to 1.275 billion for '09, and in the range 
of 1.4 to 1.6 billion in '10. 

These forecasted ranges are higher than our projections from last May due to our current expectations for a more 
favorable mix of revenues, and our ability to generate a higher level of operational leverage in both '09 and '10 than we 
had previously anticipated. 

Moving to the bottom of the slide, we are once again reaffirming our adjusted diluted EPS ranges of $0.90 to $1.10 for 
'09, and $1.50 to $1.70 for 2010. 

Considering our February 1 launch of divalproex, and the fact that the positive impact of our '09 synergies will be more 
back-end loaded, we expect the distribution of our 2009 diluted EPS to be just slightly stronger in the first half of the 
year. 

Before I conclude, let me also provide you with a couple of cash flow-related projections for '09 that are not on the 
chart. We expect total operating cash flow, including the impact of integration-related and other non-recurring costs to 
be in the range of 450 to 550 million, and we expect capital expenditures to be approximately 200 million. 

That concludes my remarks, and I'll turn the call over to Heather. Thank you. 

Heather Bresch, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Ed, and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to start by echoing Robert's opening comments about just 
how exceptional our '08 results were. The ability to have substantially integrated three major organizations, and deliver 
superior performance demonstrates how committed and focused we are and continue to be. I'd also like to take this 
opportunity to recognize and thank our employees around the world for their extraordinary dedication and hard work 
during the past year. 

I'm going to first give you an update on our integration and synergy activities, then walk you through our operating 
results and finally, I'll conclude by elaborating on Ed's comments about our updated guidance. As Robert, Ed and I 
have stated repeatedly over the last few months, we're effectively done with the integration, and are now focused on 
operational excellence to capture all the synergies we've promised. You've also heard us maintain from day one that we 
would deliver synergies of about 100 million in '08, and I'm pleased to report that we have exceeded that target and 
delivered synergies of 105 million. 

As anticipated, most of these synergies came from savings realized through our R&D functions, as we've rationalized 
our site footprint, closing all three of the R&D sites we've planned to this year and optimized related R&D resources. 

As important, we actually increased our R&D productivity, and now enjoy the largest product pipeline ever in our 
company's history. We submitted a 154 filings globally in 2008, including 72 in the United States. And in the U.S. 
alone, Mylan launched 27 new products in 2008, a number that we expect to climb to about 45 in '09, and about 60 in 
2010. 


We also focused in 2008 on submitting the regulatory filings needed to capture targeted synergies related to product 
transfers. We made outstanding progress, and I'm extremely confident that by the end of next month, we will have 
completed all the necessary filings, which will allow us to begin capturing these synergies this year with a larger bolus 
occurring in 2010. Also on track are our previously announced manufacturing site closures which are proceeding as 
planned. 

I'm also pleased to report that implementation of some of our planned synergies is running ahead of schedule. As such, 
we will accelerate into 2009 the recognition of approximately 40 million of additional synergies, bringing to 160 
million our total expected synergies for 2009, as compared to our earlier projection of about 120. Overall, I remain 
confident that we will ultimately deliver cumulative synergies of 300 million by the end of 2010, if not more. 

With this said, now that we've completed our successful transformation and integration in 2008, I'll no longer be 
providing integration updates, as they are already fully incorporated into our detailed operational budgets for 2009 and 
2010. In addition to capturing all planned synergies, we continued to identify and realize even more opportunities to 
drive costs down throughout our organization. As Robert stated earlier, lower costs and higher efficiencies will drive 
much of our bottom-line growth through the end of 2010. 

Now I'd like to turn to our operating results for the full year and fourth quarter. In 2008, our commercial operations 
generated total revenues of 4.7 billion. In the fourth quarter, we generated revenues of 1.2 billion. 

Our North America region continued to deliver exceptional performance during the quarter, and was the primary reason 
we delivered results that exceeded our most recent guidance. Behind this exceptional performance was Mylan's 
continued ability to step in and fill supply disruptions in the marketplace, including, but not limiting to that for fentanyl. 
Also a major contributor was our very successful launch of levetiracetam where we enjoyed higher branded generic 
conversion rates than anticipated. Indeed, our product mix, an important driver of our gross margin, has never been 
stronger. Its strength reflects, in part, our longstanding focus on producing difficult-to-formulate manufacturing 
products, such as paroxetine, and our proven ability to seize market opportunities. 

On the regulatory front, we filed 72 ANDAs during 2008 with the FDA, 23 of them in the fourth quarter. Currently, we 
have 119 products pending approval with the FDA, representing approximately 87 billion in brand sales. 34 of them are 
potential first-to-file opportunities, representing approximately 17 billion in brand sales. 

In EMEA, excluding the impact of changes in currency rates, we delivered higher revenues year-over-year in the fourth 
quarter. France led the way in EMEA, as product new launches and higher volumes from our ability to maintain and 
even grow market share in 2008 compensated for adverse conditions in certain markets, such as Portugal, the 
Netherlands, and the UK, arising from government-mandated or competitively driven priced erosion. 

We also accomplished much in EMEA in 2008, in terms of building our pipeline. We took advantage of opportunities 
to vertically and horizontally integrate, and we continued to see volume opportunities that will result from increased 
generics utilization. We also reinforced registration activity of Mylan's portfolio in Central and Eastern Europe 
countries that we obtained earlier in the year. I'd also like to mention that we successfully launched the Mylan brand 
throughout Europe as a part of our rebranding effort. We are very pleased with the market's response to date. 

In our Asia-Pacific region, fourth quarter sales stabilized in Australia, and remained strong in Japan, again excluding 
the impact of changes in currency rates. In Australia, we were able to maintain volumes in spite of 
government-imposed 25% price reductions. In fact, we further leveraged our number one position in this market, by 
right-sizing the organization, restructuring discounts, enhancing value-added services, and renegotiating key 
agreements. 

Going forward, these actions, plus governments' measures designed to incentivize generics substitution, put us an ideal 
position to achieve our disproportionate share of growth and value in this important market. In Japan, our sales were up 
more than 20% over the comparable year-ago period, a very noteworthy accomplishment when you consider that the 
fourth quarter in Japan is generally quite strong. We continued to see evidence that programs put in place last April by 
the Japanese government are gradually leading to increased utilization of generic pharmaceutical products. 


Turning now to Matrix, we continued to be very excited about this business. Excluding the impact of changes in 
currency rates, Matrix enjoyed higher revenues versus the same period last year. Contributing to this result was growth 
in its ARV franchise, which includes both API and finished dosage forms, and continued expansion of its third party 
API business. In fact, during December, Matrix generated its highest monthly sales ever. 

Moving on to our Dey business, Dey delivered third-party revenues that were slightly ahead of our expectations, 
despite the seasonality of EpiPen. In addition, growth from other products, including Perforomist, which continues to 
meet, and even slightly exceed our expectations, contributed to another quarter of overall solid performance for Dey. 
Additionally, our efforts to restructure Dey are on track. 

Overall, 2008 was a great year for Mylan, as we integrated, executed, and delivered on our synergy opportunities, and 
simultaneously grew our commercial operations. These dual accomplishments give us tremendous momentum as we 
move into 2009 and 2010. And I couldn't be more pleased about our company's positioning. 

I'd now like to make a few comments relative to our outlook for '09 and '10. Our updated expectations reflects our 
enhanced understanding of our markets around the world and the integrated global platform we are now operating, as 
well as the numerous opportunities we have to further leverage our platform to achieve additional operational 
efficiencies. As Robert said earlier, this is the predominant element of our projected earnings growth for 2009 and 
2010. 

I'd like to provide you now with a little more color on our projected revenue and gross margin ranges. As Ed 
mentioned, we now expect revenues to grow, on a constant currency basis, at an average annual rate of nearly 12% 
from '08 to '10. In our generics business, we're projecting average annual revenue growth to be in the range of about 
8% to 10%, with all three of our regions contributing to that growth. 

For Matrix, we expect to see an accelerating rate of double-digit revenue growth as it continues to expand its ARV 
franchise and third-party API businesses. And at Dey, we're expecting similar performance, an accelerated rate of 
double-digit growth from the continued ramp-up of Perforomist and market expansion for EpiPen. 

There are several drivers behind the strength of our gross margin. First, the first significant driver is the performance of 
Dey, especially as Perforomist continues to gain additional traction. Secondly, as I touched on earlier, is a more 
favorable product mix in North America, which we now expect to continue throughout our forecast period. Looking 
forward, we factored in for fentanyl lower market share and additional price erosions versus what we experienced in 
2008. 

Lastly, our margin guidance reflects the benefits of planned synergies we intend to capture, including the accelerated 
recognition of 40 million in 2009, as well as incremental efficiency improvement opportunities we expect to implement 
going forward, across all areas of our operation. 

I'd like to conclude my personal remarks by emphasizing the strength of our '08 results and our momentum going 
forward. We will continue to aggressively manage our operations in order to deliver the earnings potential of the 
combined platform. 

With that, I'd like to turn the call back over the Dan. 

Daniel E. Crookshank, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thank you, Heather. Matt – we're now ready to open up the line for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ken Cacciatore with Cowen and Company. 


<Q - Ken Cacciatore>: Thanks, guys for taking the question. Looking at the guidance and trying to understand the 
growth from 2009 to 2010, your guidance implies – using the range – is about 500 to 700 million in top-line growth, 
but you're going to be losing or potentially losing Depakote ER, so you're going to be having that fall-off. Is there any 
way you can help us bridge that divide on where we're seeing that top-line growth coming from in kind of any type of 
specific way? 

And then also, if you could comment – and you did mention that you're taking a conservative look at Duragesic, but 
maybe just talk about where the market is, and we're watching Teva enter the market and yet it doesn't seem to be 
impacting your share. If you could kind of comment on what you're seeing in the marketplace with pricing and share, 
and a little bit of context as to why Teva's having no impact? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Yeah, thanks, Ken. I think the first thing is on fentanyl, let me just touch upon that, as it relates 
to our prior two quarters, and what I meant by our earnings growth being responsible. As you know, we've anticipated 
competition, both – and we've accounted for it with some market share loss, as well as some price erosion. Well, that 
did not materialize. We still believe on a going forward basis, that we have that incorporated as we go forward, so it's 
not like in 2009, that there may not even be some additional opportunity, but we'll update you more in the first quarter. 
And if appropriate, like we have done the last couple of quarters, we'll address our earnings guidance in terms of '09. 

And as far as the Depakote with the six month exclusivity, Heather, why don't you address kind of sort of what rolls in 
after that? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: Sure. Ken, so as you stated, we have the 180 day exclusivity with divalproex. When you look 
at some of the things that are going to help us offset that, we do as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, have quite a 
few product launches – more than ever in the history of our company both in '09 and '10. So that truly is playing a large 
contributor. While none of them are 180 days, we do have a voluminous amount of new product entries in both '09 and 
'10. We also, as I mentioned, have continued to find operational efficiencies from our platform, whether it's just 
utilizing more capacity at our facilities, more – just more, as we've stated in the past, that we continue to find more of 
the same kind of efficiencies that have made up our original synergy targets. 

<A - Robert Coury>: And remember Ken, as far as '10 is concerned that is the great bullish year in which all the 
synergies, the predominantly large portion of the synergies and all the efficiencies hit. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Chris Schott, J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: Great, thanks. Can you just talk a little bit more about the dynamics in your major EU markets, I 
guess, specifically maybe France and UK? I guess, what type of environment should we expect in 2009, maybe giving 
a little bit more color on the pricing environment in France and maybe just any opportunities you see for increased 
generic utilization in France? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Let me start with that one. I think overall, what we factored into our guidance is – and what I've 
been saying is the continued contraction in terms of generic pricing, really all over Europe. I think that was the more 
responsible thing to do, given what we've now lived over a full year in 2008. However, I can tell you that France is – 
which is our largest, and I'd say that – outside of France, I'm not sure really there is a market that's as material as 
France. We're extremely confident in our market position in France, and actually are continuing to grow in France. 

We don't see the same type of price reductions in France. We think there's going to be some, but certainly not like some 
of the other countries. We think it's a pretty well-protected market, and yes, we do see increased generic utilization 
continuing at a rapid pace in France, and we're in a very strong position to garner our disproportionate share. 

<Q - Chris Schott>: And then just a follow-up, just on Dey, can you talk about the contribution to earnings we saw 
from Dey, both in the quarter and for 2008 as a whole? And then, I think you talked a little bit about the top-line growth 
we're expecting at Dey, but can you talk about what EPS contribution we can expect from that division as we kind of 


look out to 2009? 

<A - Edward Borkowski>: Well, for the year last year, they did – they slightly exceeded our expectations. When we 
added them back in and added back the debt that we had taken out in the May guidance relative to anticipated sales, 
they were – I think we originally said about 0.07 to $0.08 accretive last year. They actually did a little better than that in 
the period, probably closer to 0.09 or $0.10. We haven't projected or broken out Dey separately, but it is certainly an 
important driver as we see Perforomist continuing to, let's say, gain traction and continuing to grow, but we see it 
increasingly accretive in both '09 and '10 as that product continues to grow. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Greg Gilbert, Bank of America. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Thank you. First, Ed, I can't imagine what would be more challenging and interesting than 
working with that guy across the table from you right now. [Laughter] But I hope you don't mind my asking, if you 
could elaborate a bit on your decision to leave the company? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Well... 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: And why now? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Let me just comment first, and I'll let Ed go second. Ed and I've been through a lot, and 
unbelievable partnership. But we are realists, and as we made the decision to transform Mylan, basically we all agreed 
that we all need to step it up. All the executives who are currently in a position and all the executives that we've 
brought on. And, as we look at where we are, we've – Ed basically – we've accomplished everything in terms of – take 
a look at the last six years, predominantly our growth has come from M&A and capital market type of transactions. Ed, 
as you know, is probably one of the finest in those areas, but we have moved to a different phase. And that phase is 
really a – operational excellence at a global level. And so, we thought this was the perfect transition given that the 
company is in a very strong position on a going forward basis to be a natural break in terms of going forward. Ed? 

<A - Edward Borkowski>: Now Greg, I think – listen, I think there are many factors, but I think it's been a heck of a 
run for the last seven years, we -- and I think, when Rob and I sort of looked at each other and said listen, maybe this is 
a good time to – for me to move on and I felt comfortable with that, Rob felt comfortable. I think it just made sense, 
and I think having accomplished what we accomplished together and, the broader management team, let me tell you, 
we've been through a lot. And I think the most important thing, when I came in, one of the things that Rob – we drew 
out the organizational chart, and we all said, when we looked at each other, don't get too comfortable with your names 
in those boxes. This is for the organization, not for an individual, and I think we live by that. 

And so I think my responsibility was to make sure that what I was responsible for is well built out and solid, and I feel 
that we've accomplished that, and I think the company is left in excellent stead to move forward. And so, this was sort 
of a natural transition and the right time. 

<A - Robert Coury>: And lastly, Greg on that I mean, if you go back and look at my prior comments. I've stated all 
along that this is a dynamic organization. And I will continue to build out and broaden the management team, as well as 
deepen our bench strength, and I continue to do that. So this is all part and parcel of what I've already publicly stated. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Hey, guys thanks, and shifting gears then, can you comment on the U.S. generic environment in 
terms of pricing? Are you seeing signs of improvement there, based on consolidation and quality issues at other 
companies, and so on, and so forth? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: Yeah, I mean, here's what I would say about pricing. I think that certainly, there has been 
several supply disruptions in the marketplace due to a whole lot of factors across the product lines. And I definitely – 
Mylan, we've been opportunistic whether it's pricing, whether it's our reliable supply chain customer service. I think we 
have been definitely able to seize those opportunities. I don't know if so much you look overall as you know, our 
portfolio now consists of almost 200 products. So as you look across the board, still – volatility, but what I would say is 


that we've done a great job seizing on these opportunities with our superior supply chain, and that's really been what 
carried the day. And frankly, we have not seen – volume has increased, we've not seen any of the issues, as some have 
said, about even the economic environment having a downturn in volume. So we've seen volume to continue to 
increase, and like I said, we've been able to continue to seize on many of those opportunities. 

Operator 

We'll take the next question from Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks, guys. Just two questions, first, did you give us the 4Q fentanyl number? 

<A - Edward Borkowski>: 6%. 

<A - Robert Coury>: I think we said 6%. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Of revenue? 

<A - Edward Borkowski>: Of total company revenues. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great, okay. Thanks. And then, Robert, a question for you, there's been a lot of discussion in 
the industry around biogenerics, and probably a lot more coming next week and over the next several months. Do you 
have the financial flexibility to invest in – at what point do we see you formally get involved from here? 

<A - Robert Coury>: As you know, I have been working on that Randall, and continue to do so, and obviously, my 
commitment to meet the earnings projections is of the utmost importance. Nothing is going to stand in front of that 
priority. And because of that, you can only imagine that the way I'm approaching Mylan's generic biologics entrants is 
obviously going to take that into consideration. Again, I've stated many times, do not expect – I don't think we need to 
do an acquisition, we're certainly not going to build out. But, I do see some very, very strong potential collaborative 
efforts in which we can leverage Mylan's capabilities, and some of the targets that we see, in order to meet our 
combined desire to be in the space of the generic biologics, but also be sensitive to our capital structure and our P&L. 

Operator 

Question from Caius Christoe with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Caius Christoe>: Hi, guys, good afternoon. First on 2009 guidance, Robert, you mentioned that you have better 
visibility for 2009, but we're midway through first quarter, and you're still guiding for around 20% EPS spread in 2009. 
What keeps you from narrowing this range? 

<A - Robert Coury>: You mean, narrowing it further? 

<Q - Caius Christoe>: Yeah. Well, 20% spread, you have held that since May '08. Dey's coming in and out... 

<A - Robert Coury>: Well, as we have done in the past, and I think as you'll see as we roll from quarter-to-quarter, 
normally we think this is a fair representation as we start the year, in that you'll see as we go to the first quarter, and as 
we have in the last couple of quarters, we continue to narrow, and if opportunity presents, and we continue to deal with 
the market conditions as we see fit. So, we believe what we've put forward is fairly responsible and that's where we are. 

<Q - Caius Christoe>: Right. And second question on generic Paxil CR, given that you're the only one on the market, 
how careful do you have to be with your market share in preventing GSK from being tempted to launch an AG into the 
market? Currently, you're sitting around sort of 80%, is there an imaginary line sort of between 80 to 90% where it 
becomes economical for them to start launching that AG? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Well, let me – yeah, let me just say this. I think, because we have an agreement that we've 
agreed not to disclose certain things, I think by the sheer track record and historical precedence that you've seen thus 


far, I think if they were going to – if they – if the agreement would have allowed or they would have launched, I think 
they would certainly have launched by now. And I think that has been one of our drivers, and we've stated I think in the 
past that certainly we think that's a longer-term play, because at the very least, if there are going to be other filers, we 
think that we would be in a position to have notice. And that would begin that 30 month clock. 

Operator 

Moving along, we'll hear from David Buck with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, thanks for taking the question. First on the U.S. outlook for later 2009 and 2010, can you talk 
about whether you're factoring in any average launches, I'm thinking maybe generic lotrel for an example? And 
secondly, if you – is there any revenue from settled products or would you expect to have additional settlements. For 
2009, you've done nice job of laying out some of the revenue with settlements, and should we expect some more for 
2010? 

And then secondly, for the key European markets in 2009, can you talk about what your volume growth, as – you're 
expecting to be at double-digits on a constant currency basis, and what is the opportunity from Germany? Thanks? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Okay. Thanks, David. I think first of all, as we stated in '09 and '10, very, very little first-to-file 
type of opportunities, Paragraph IV launches. And also, if there were opportunities. And I'm sure, as you know, when 
you have as many Paragraph IVs as we have for settlements, I don't think it's appropriate, unless – or to include that in 
our guidance unless we were far enough along the stage, where I felt that there would be some certainty. So, that's our 
view in terms of settlements in our guidance. As far as the European, I don't think we broke out in terms of the growth 
in those particular markets. And I think that that's 


<A - Heather Bresch>: Yeah, we said 8 to 10% overall, between 8 to 10 growth, and that all three regions were 
contributing to that, with Matrix and Dey both being accelerated double-digit growth. 

<A - Robert Coury>: And follow up on Germany, he asked about Germany 


<A - Edward Borkowski>: We don't break out specific 


<A - Heather Bresch>: Yeah, we don't. 

<A - Robert Coury>: Okay. Thank you, David. 

<Q - David Buck>: Sure, just one final, if I could squeeze in any changes in – in terms of management, in either Asia 
Pacific or EMEA? 

<A - Edward Borkowski>: None. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Elliot Wilbur with Needham. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Hi, can you hear me all right? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Yes. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. Thank you, just Robert, if you could provide us with any updates with respect to any OC 
fillings that have occurred to-date, and any updates, if you would, with respect to your ANDA filing or expected 
ANDA filing for Copaxone? 

<A - Robert Coury>: I think as far as Copaxone is concerned, I think we are on track. I think in the next – in the very 
near term here, I think, as our filing is scheduled to go in, and as far as the OCs, I don't think we broke out 



<A - Heather Bresch>: Yeah, our filings will start here in the very near-term. Those filings will begin from that 
agreement, but again, we didn't have anything coming in until – very minimal in the guidance that we've provided. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay then, I have one follow-up question for you, Heather, as well. I mean, with respect to 
synergy realization targets in 2010, the real bulk of these synergies really begin to kick-in in that year, and is primarily 
related to API and manufacturing. And I'm trying to get a sense of sort of what the potential risk could be to those 
numbers, sort of based on what's been a pretty pronounced slowdown, at least in the U.S., in terms of the timing of new 
approvals. So, I'm wondering sort of how much of that synergy realization is actually dependent upon new product 
flow and the benefits from vertical integration, versus things like site transfers, which might not require full FDA 
approval? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: Well, you're exactly right. So, as we talked about these synergies, the reason that we've felt so 
confident, and have been talking about the fact that, where our activities are primarily done, the rest of that activity, as 
I've said by the end of next month, for all the product transfers, will be filed, which means it's just pure execution on 
our part. 

As far as the regulatory filings, there are no product approvals in those synergy numbers. All of the regulatory filings 
deal with either something that perhaps is what they call a CBE-30, or a prior approval supplement, to do a site transfer, 
or do an alternate API sourcing, none of which is determinant, or in that same pool as ANDA approval. So, I really – 
there is very little risk, we have pretty much all of those captured, built into our '09 and '10 budget, all the activities will 
be completed by the end of next month. 

So, while there could be a little bit on -- a month variation here or there, because we're doing such a voluminous 
amount, but to date, I have been quite happy. As you know, we pulled in 40 million accelerated synergies into '09, 
which really go to the fact that we've actually already started receiving some of the approvals on the transfers that 
we've already completed to date. 

Operator 

And we'll hear from Rich Silver with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Yeah, just one additional question on the synergies, and what proportion of those products 
would be U.S. versus ex-U.S.? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: We didn't break out the U.S. versus non-U.S. but, what we have talked about, as you know, we 
did not only R&D site rationalization, we also did manufacturing site rationalization. So, our product transfers were a 
lot of the activity coming out of the former – the Genpharm plant. And so, those products have gone amongst our 
global, now, network. So really, the – what I would focus more on, is our ability to really leverage our facilities, the 
capacity of those facilities in making the best, efficient use of where we manufacture the products to take care of those 
local markets. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: And just a couple more. The ex-U.S. growth rates that you provided, that was in local currency 
or dollars? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Rich, can you repeat that? 

<Q - Richard Silver>: The ex-U.S. growth rates that you provided, is that local currency or dollars? 

<A - Edward Borkowski>: I think the one we provided was Japan, and that was in local currency. Even though we 
probably got more of an advantage from the weakening dollar against the yen. I think that was the only one we gave 
you, though. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Okay. And then you mentioned that you had perhaps a more optimistic expectations on 
Perforomist coming into '09. Can you elaborate on that and what's behind the greater optimism? 


<A - Heather Bresch>: Yeah, I think what I had said in my Dey remarks is that they – that Perforomist met, if not 
slightly exceeded our '08 projections, and that we see them on track for '09 and '10. So, we continue to see that 
momentum – we're pleased with the traction it's taken in the marketplace, but they're pretty much right in line with our 
expectations for '09 and '10. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Corey Davis with Natixis. 

<Q - Corey Davis>: Thanks, just two questions. First, how far along are you with – speaking to the FDA about the new 
REMS program that they wanted for fentanyl. My guess is that it's – the process has just started, and going to take a 
while. And do you really think it's going to be possible to get all 16 companies to agree on a single REMS program? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: Well, we've obviously been down this path before on some other products with the FDA. And 
interestingly enough, just as a reminder, Mylan put a citizen's petition in on this issue several years ago. So, this is 
something that we have been very active on and believe that it would again, go to the safety of handling this product. 
So, the timing of which – you know as well as I do, nothing moves all that fast with government or the FDA, so I can't 
speak at all to the timing. It is very early in the process. 

<Q - Corey Davis>: Okay. And then secondly, Rob, how are you ever going to find someone to beat all future quarters 
by $0.12? [Laughter] But more seriously, Ed, I think most of us haven't met anyone on your team other than you. So 
can you make us feel more comfortable about the individuals in the finance department around you, that we'll transition 
well with whoever the – your replacement is? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Well, let me start before Ed comments on that, even prior to Ed coming to Mylan. Let's 
remember that Mylan has a 40-what, 8-year now history? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: 48. 

<A - Robert Coury>: And the infrastructure that has been built at Mylan has never been built predominantly on any 
single individual. The strength that we have in our systems and the amount of people – how many now, Ed, in the 
department? How many? 

<A - Edward Borkowski>: At least 60 in the corporate. 

<A - Robert Coury>: Okay, 60 in corporate, and that doesn't even count – I mean, you are talking one of the strongest 
corporate infrastructures within the industry. And Ed serves in a leadership role, and I think that goes for all of us. I 
mean, I think it would be a mistake and we would not be fulfilling our fiduciary duty if we ever allow this institution to 
be dependent upon a – too few. Ed, do you want to comment 


<A - Edward Borkowski>: No, Rob, I think that's – listen, I'm not going to name names, but there are – starting all 
around the leadership around me, the next level down, and below that, it takes a lot of people and a good team. What 
we've accomplished, you don't get that done with – people that are dedicated and highly intelligent. And they – I think 
people have always pulled together and they understand it – there are transitions throughout companies, and I know 
they will all rise and meet the occasion of whoever the new person is, and I have – there is no fear about that. 

<A - Robert Coury>: And again, that should not be limited to just Ed and the corporate finance department. I can tell 
you that we've built systems not to rely too much on any too few individuals. And I think I wouldn't be doing my job if 
I put us in that kind of a position. 

Operator 

The next question comes from David Moskowitz with Caris. 


<Q - David Moskowitz>: Yes, thanks for taking the questions. I have three, and I'll ask them individually. Number 
one, could you guys comment on the number of international ANDA filings that you have, and whether or not that has 
trended up or down since you've purchased Merck KGaA? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: Well, first to that, I mentioned in my remarks that this year, we did 154 global applications, 
and 72 of which were for the U.S., although, we are leveraging our ANDAs and platforms where we can file in 
multiple jurisdictions. So that doesn't even take into account the other fillings that we'll be able to leverage. It certainly 
has trended up with the Merck generics, and we continue to see that trend going up over the next several years. As you 
know, here in the U.S. alone, we've trended from just, not too many years back that we were filing 20 to 24, and now 
this year, as I said, 72 in U.S. alone. So our fillings all over the globe are definitely trending upwards. 

<Q - David Moskowitz>: Heather, is there a way that you could give us a sort of an order of magnitude on that, a 
percentage increase in international filings? 

<A - Robert Coury>: I mean, I can only tell you, it's substantially more. As we've stated, the – Merck's business was 
predominantly built on business development opportunities. They've done a fantastic job – and I mean that, I don't say 
that lightly – in terms of how they've grown their business predominantly through business development. 

We – our intention has always been to fuel that growth, to fuel that growth even greater, by not stopping business 
development functions, allowing them to continue to selectively choose business development opportunities, but to, for 
the first time, really bring to them what the back room muscle is of a Mylan R&D platform, something they really 
haven't had the benefit to have. So, I can only tell you, we've substantially enhanced, and we see that accelerating that 
enhancement, as we go forward. 

For example, we've stated this in the past, 2011 will be a record number of product launches in the history of this 
company. Because of what we loaded up, because of what we have in the queue, because of what we've already filed, 
and continue to do so. 2011's growth will predominantly come from top-line. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll hear from Ronny Gal with Bernstein. 

<Q - Ronny Gal>: Hello, and good evening. Couple of quick questions. First, you kind of mentioned that you're going 
to get a bolus of savings in 2010 from the site transfer you're now about to complete. And we're also seeing kind of like 
a nice increase from Dey. And I was wondering, we're seeing more of gradual increase in that, in the gross margin, and 
I would expect that the profile that you're discussing to suggest more of a flat gross margin in '09, and a big jump in 
gross margin in '010, is there something that is offsetting that jump? 

<A - Robert Coury>: No, I actually think that what we have is, again, very accurate in terms of what we see. 
Remember that Dey, even though it's growing, and its growth is accelerating. It's – I think it was Richard that asked the 
question – I mean, it's hitting or even exceeding the original analog that we put in place. So, even with that accelerated 
growth, if you take a look at the total sales of Dey and of performance, it still is not overall that significant. Yes, we're 
getting some slight improvement in gross margin, but overall, we think that the incremental increase in our gross 
margin is what's really representative of the combined. 

<Q - Ronny Gal>: So, I guess, if you're expecting a big bolus of savings in '010 from the site transfer, why isn't the 
change from '09 to '010 larger? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: Well, because there is – as we talked about, I think I answered a question earlier, there's a lot 
of moving parts, we have – we had divalproex in '09, 180-day exclusivity, that we lose before '09's up. So, when you 
look at just, you've got to take all the pluses and minuses, and they offset each other. So, while we do have a bolus 
coming in '10, and we move some up obviously earlier into '09, there's just a lot of moving factors, so you can't look at 
any one factor. Our guidance is incorporating all the moving parts as best as we can, and taking everything into 
consideration. 


Operator 

The next question will come from Michael Tong with Wachovia Capital Markets. 


<Q - Michael Tong>: Hi, this is for Ed. I just want to make sure I heard you correctly, that your prior 2010 guidance 
was based on conversion of your preferred shares into 153 million shares? 
<A - Edward Borkowski>: No. We had used the lower shares, the 125. 
<Q - Michael Tong>: So, for both '09 and 2010. 
<A - Edward Borkowski>: Yeah. Because we were a year – we were more than a year out at that point in time. 
<Q - Michael Tong>: And just the thought process behind changing that assumption at this point? 
<A - Edward Borkowski>: I would say, just to be conservative, and in case I got this question, you couldn't challenge 


me on being less conservative. [Laughter] How about that? 
<Q - Michael Tong>: I guess you anticipated it. Thanks. 
<A - Edward Borkowski>: So that's potential upside, I guess. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from John Boris with Citi. 

<Q - John Boris>: Thanks for taking the questions. First one on fentanyl, you indicated that your assumption is some 
additional price contraction. I think the market for the 50 to 100 mic patch range is at about a 73 to 76% discount. How 
much additional contraction are you factoring in? And then on market share loss, just an idea for range on there? And 
then I have a couple follow-ups. 

<A - Heather Bresch>: Yeah. So on fentanyl, I think what – kind of to build on Ed's conservatism, I think what we 
wanted to do is, obviously, we enjoyed a lot of different factors in fentanyl in '08. So, what we did, going to '09 and '10, 
is we did not assume that we'd maintain the levels we're at today, which is about 56% market share for all of fentanyl. 

And if you look at the number of competitors in the marketplace, what we do at this point in time, with that many 
competitors, is you look more at the market share and price erosion. So, if we would maintain the levels we are today 
that again, would be potential upside. Again, we're managing a large portfolio, and with these customers, it's not like 
we're managing the price just on fentanyl, we're managing over 200 product lines. So it's – we don't get into that 
individual pricing dynamics, we look at certainly our whole portfolio, but that's how we factored '09 and '10. 

<A - Robert Coury>: I mean, that's what we meant by responsible in terms of our earnings guidance. 

<Q - John Boris>: Second question on EpiPen, can you just confirm a mid-year price increase that you took on 
EpiPen? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: We did take a price increase. 

<Q - John Boris>: Magnitude of it? 

<A - Heather Bresch>: I think it was right in line with what you typically see on price increases with the brands on an 
annual basis. 

<Q - John Boris>: Okay. And then just on Ed's departure, can you just remind us, what's the timing, or how long will 
Ed be in place? And then your timing for finding a replacement? 

<A - Robert Coury>: Yeah, I mean, look there's no rush. There's – for Ed to depart – Ed's going to be staying on board 
until I have a successor. I certainly hope to have one within the next quarter. I think that would be an ample time to 


bring somebody on board. I fully expect Ed'll be here with us in the next conference call. But remember, this is not 
about Ed, and it's not about – it's really about the institution, and the fact that we're moving to the next phase. 

I believe that bringing somebody in, in terms of a multinational global experience, because of what we have in front us, 
and because what I see in terms – from an operational point of view, is simply the appropriate thing, and that's what Ed 
and I had a discussion about. And what it's going to take to be able to manage that from an operational point of view. 
So that's why we felt that this was the appropriate time to – and basically, there's really no rush, so I wouldn't expect Ed 
not to be here – and Ed, do you want to add to that? 

<A - Edward Borkowski>: Well I mean, I think – listen, I'm committed, and I think with Rob to an orderly transition 
and to help out any way I can over the next few months here. And I think that's very reasonable, and we're going to 
make sure that transition is done appropriately. 

Daniel E. Crookshank, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Matt. I understand that's our last caller on the line. So, with that, I'm going to turn it back to you in a second. I 
just want everybody to know that Ed, Chris, and I will be available for a couple of hours here this evening to take some 
additional calls. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us for our conference call. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Once again, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


