Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kris King 
• Robert J. Coury 
• Heather M. Bresch 
• John D. Sheehan 
Other Participants 

• Randall Stanicky 
• Marc Goodman MBA 
• Christopher T. Schott 
• Paul Stephano 
• Richard B. Silver 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• David R. Risinger 
• Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA 
• Michael Faerm 
• John T. Boris 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Mylan Inc. First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being 
recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kris King. Please go ahead. 

Kris King 

Thank you, Casey. Good morning, everyone. Joining me for today's call are Mylan's Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, Robert J. Coury; President, Heather Bresch; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John 
Sheehan. 

During today's call, including the Q&A, we will be making forward-looking statements, including those relating to our 
anticipated business levels, our future earnings, our planned activities, our anticipated growth, and other expectations 
and targets for future periods. Note that these statements are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private 
Securities Ligation Reform Act of 1995. Because these statements are forward-looking, they inherently involve risks 
and uncertainties, and accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. 

Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in our 
report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31st, 2010 and in our SEC filings. You can access our Form 10-K 
and other SEC filings through the SEC website at www.sec.gov, and we strongly encourage you to do so. 


In addition, during this call, we will be referring to certain actual and projected financial metrics of Mylan on an 
adjusted basis, which are non-GAAP measures. It should be noted that non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted 
revenues, adjusted gross margin, and adjusted diluted EPS, should be used only as a supplement to, not as a substitute 
for, or as a superior measure to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Please refer to today's press release, which is available on our website, as it contains detailed GAAP to non-GAAP 
reconciliations of our actual first quarter results, including the allocation of each reconciled line item to specific income 
statement line items. 

Before I turn the call over to Robert, let me also remind you that the material in the call, with the exception of the 
participant questions, is the property of Mylan and cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without Mylan's express written 
permission. 

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Robert. 

Robert J. Coury 

Thank you, Kris. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before we get started, I'd like to welcome and 
recognize all of our fellow employees around the world. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our entire 
management team, I would like to once again thank each and every employee for their hard work, commitment and 
dedication to achieving our goals. 

I would also like to send a special message to our employees in Japan and thank them for their perseverance following 
the devastating earthquake and resulting tsunami that struck Japan in March. We are extremely grateful that all of our 
employees there were safely accounted for. Further, we are proud of the way the Mylan global family came to together 
to support those affected by the disaster. We saw no significant impact to our facilities in Japan, and the hard work of 
our team on the ground and elsewhere allowed us to maintain the supply of essential medicine to patients throughout 
the country. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Japan as they continue to recover from this disaster. 

Now let me provide brief commentary on the past quarter and the state of our overall business. We are very pleased 
with our performance for the first three months of 2011, which was in line with our expectations, in spite of the 
operational and non-operational headwinds which Heather and John will touch upon in more detail. 

As you saw from this morning's press release, we again delivered strong revenue and earnings per share growth of 12% 
and 22%, respectively over the first quarter of 2010. Through the previous steps we have taken to strategically diversify 
our business, not only have we realized the benefits of a well balanced platform, but we have put ourselves in a position 
to be able to better absorb the inherent dynamics of the global marketplace, while at the same time delivering 
accelerated revenue growth and strong bottom-line performance. 

Furthermore, we see this trajectory continuing. We also believe that recent upgrades by the leading independent rating 
agencies only further validate our continued strong outlook for our business. On the policy front, we will continue to 
serve as a leader in our industry, playing a critical role in discussions with the FDA on globalization, as well as other 
important issues such as the earlier access to generic Lipitor for the consumers and payers. 

Even though we did not incorporate any financial benefit from the generic Lipitor in our 2011 guidance, we are 
disappointed in the court's ruling granting the FDA's motion to dismiss our complaint. We fully intend to evaluate all 
available options to help facilitate a timely consumer access to generic versions of Lipitor. 

Also in the quarter, we announced that we further strengthened our Board of Directors by welcoming two new 
members: Robert Cindrich and Heather Bresch. Heather, whom most of you know well, brings to our Board a deep 
understanding of Mylan and an unmatched perspective in our industry. She has been instrumental in building the global 
platform we have today and is a driving force behind our success. In addition, Robert's prestigious tenure as a federal 
judge, his knowledge of the health care sector and his keen intellect will be valuable assets to Mylan as we face a 
continually evolving regulatory and legal landscape. 


Finally, as you saw in our earnings press release, we announced today that our Board of Directors has authorized a 
share repurchase of up to $350 million in Mylan stock equity. As John will detail further, the decision to execute this 
buyback at this time reflects our disciplined effort to maintain a constant share count, especially in light of the recent 
appreciation of our share price. 

Our expectations for the remainder of the year, as well as our long-term growth targets, are unchanged, and we 
continue to be even more excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. 

With that, let me turn over the call to our President, Heather Bresch. 

Heather M. Bresch 

Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. As Robert stated, we're very pleased with our first quarter results, 
which were right in line with our expectations and with our pledge to continue delivering strong bottom- and top-line 
performance. Our momentum continued to build as we generated total revenues during the first quarter of $1.45 billion, 
compared to last year's first quarter total revenues of $1.29 billion; an increase of 12%. 

On the bottom line, we generated $0.44 of adjusted diluted EPS; a 22% increase over last year's first quarter result. We 
did exactly what we said we were going to do, even as we absorbed $0.03 versus the fourth quarter of 2010, resulting 
from a combination of share count dilution and a higher quarterly tax rate. 

Also worth noting is that we grew our adjusted EBITDA nearly 4% on a sequential basis despite headwinds in Europe. 
Indeed, Mylan's ability to absorb headwinds and consistently deliver profitable growth is precisely what we envisioned 
three years ago when we transformed the company by going global and creating an exceptionally strong operating 
platform. 

Moreover, we remain very confident in all the 2011 growth metrics we shared in February, including our stated 
intention to launch more than 500 products during the calendar year. Given the timing of these launches and our 
ongoing effort to bring products in-house, we continue to expect a disproportionate benefit to sales and profitability in 
the second half of the year. 

I'd like to walk you now through the performance of the generics business by region and then review our specialty 
segments. 

Starting with our generics business in North America, third-party net revenues for the first quarter were $674 million, 
up 22% from the comparable year-ago period. We enjoyed higher volumes, due partially to our long-standing ability to 
reliably supply our customers during periods of market disruption. That said, I'd like to remind you that we're managing 
a portfolio of 270 products, each of which has unique competitive and market dynamics. 

During the first quarter, we also continued to launch new products, introducing a total of 11 of the 90 we anticipate 
introducing into the region this year. Three of the launches are limited competition products; recall that we expect to 
introduce a total of 15 such products by year-end. Two of the three launches, Nisoldipine ER and Voriconazole tablets 
were first-to-file opportunities, as was our launch last week of Letrozole tablets. 

In addition, we expanded into new dosage forms and therapeutic categories, launching our first ophthalmic solution, 
and we continue to benefit from the contribution of Bioniche Pharma, which most recently, in early April, launched the 
first and only pre-filled syringe, brand or generic, containing octreotide acetate injections. Currently, Mylan has 165 
ANDAs pending FDA approval that represent almost $100 billion in annual brand sales, and 46 of these ANDAs are 
potential first-to-file opportunities, representing nearly $26 billion in annual brand sales. 

In EMEA, we delivered third-party net revenues of $389 million; a 4% decline over last year's first quarter result of 
$407 million. On a constant currency basis, our revenues also fell 4%. The decrease was mainly the result of 
unfavorable market conditions and more-aggressive-than-expected pricing in a number of our European countries, 
particularly in Germany, the U.K. and Portugal. This was partially offset by strong results in Italy and Spain. In France, 
our results were essentially flat year-over-year. 


We successfully launched esomeprazole, one of our most important launches of the year, in France and Italy. We also 
continue to realize the benefits of increased vertical integration as more than half of our EMEA approvals now are 
internally sourced. Our commitment to continue internalizing products throughout 2011 only strengthens our 
confidence in the second half of the year and in our ability to withstand market pressure and grow profitably in the 
region. 

Further, we remain on track to meet our goal of internalizing 70% of the former Merck Generics portfolio by the end of 
2013. We believe that while the entire industry is facing near-term pressure in Europe, we remain uniquely positioned 
to bring our global scale and leadership position into the region's countries, enabling us to either maintain or grow 
profitable market share. 

Moving on to the Asia-Pacific region. We delivered solid results during the first quarter. Third-party net revenues were 
$276 million, up 17% over 2010's first quarter third-party revenues of $236 million. On a constant currency basis, sales 
in APAC increased 10% year-over-year. Our growth in APAC continued to be driven primarily by higher third-party 
revenues at Matrix, which achieved double-digit sales increases of both ARV, finished dosage form, and API. Among 
our ARV launches during the quarter were two innovative pediatric formulations. 

As Robert mentioned, we were fortunate that our employees and business were not more severely affected by the 
disaster in Japan. We were able to maintain our operations, execute product launches and capitalize on overall growth 
in the market, where generic utilization stands now at about 22% to 23%. In Australia, our sales and profitability 
remained on track, and we continue to enjoy a strong leadership position. 

Finally, our specialty segment, Dey, continued to deliver. Dey's third-party net revenues for the first quarter were $97 
million, an increase of 17% over the same period last year; double-digit growth from our EpiPen Auto-Injector and 
performance drove the increase. Dey remains well positioned to continue benefiting from market expansion. 

Just to recap, we continue to see how our global platform is bringing the benefits of scale into each market we serve in 
allowing us to compete effectively and efficiently. As you've come to expect from Mylan, we have delivered, and we 
continue to look forward to an even brighter future as we leverage our exceptional platform for profitable growth in 
2013 and beyond. 

With that, I look forward to answering your questions and I'll turn the call over to John. 

John D. Sheehan 

Thank you, Heather. I would like to begin by walking you through our first quarter financial results for 2011 which, as 
Robert indicated, was a great start to what we believe will be a very strong year. I will also provide an update on our 
capital structure and liquidity position. 

As Kris mentioned earlier, I'm going to be referring to actual and projected financial metrics that have been prepared on 
an adjusted basis. These are non-GAAP financial measures. We present these non-GAAP financial measures because 
they're prepared on the same basis as those used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate the 
performance of our business. This morning's earnings release includes a complete reconciliation from our GAAP to 
non-GAAP financial measures for our first quarter 2011 and 2010 results. Our earnings release is available on our Web 
site, and I encourage you to review it. 

As I walk through the various components of our first quarter results, I will periodically remind you of our 2011 
guidance metrics, which we announced during last quarter's earnings presentation. Starting at the top of the income 
statement, total revenues for the quarter were $1.45 billion, an increase of 12% over last year's first quarter revenues of 
$1.29 billion. Year-over-year, first quarter revenue growth on a constant currency basis was approximately 11%. 

The 1% favorable effect of foreign currency translation primarily reflects a weaker U.S. dollar in comparison to the 
Australian dollar, the Japanese yen, the British pound, the Indian rupee and the Canadian dollar. In comparison to the 
euro though, the U.S. dollar was slightly stronger for the first quarter of this year. Our 2011 full-year guidance with 


respect to total revenue is between $6.1 billion and $6.4 billion. 

Looking at our operating profitability measures, adjusted gross margin for the first quarter was a little over 47%, 
compared to approximately 46% in the prior year. This increase is primarily the result of new product launches and 
favorable product mix in North America, and the contribution from Bioniche Pharma in our generic segment, as well as 
favorable pricing on EpiPen in our specialty segment. 

Our current quarter adjusted gross margin is within our 2011 guidance range of 47% to 49%. Adjusted operating 
income was $339 million for the first quarter of 2011; an increase of 19% over adjusted operating income from the 
same period in the prior year. This is the result of the favorable gross profits that I previously discussed, combined with 
prudent levels of spending on R&D and SG&A. 

R&D and SG&A expenses for the first quarter of 2011 were $74.7 million and $267.6 million, respectively, and both 
on an adjusted basis. As a percentage of sales, R&D was 5.2%, within our guidance range of 5% to 6%, and SG&A 
was 18.5%, also within our range of 18% to 20%. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2011 was $386 million, and 
is forecasted to be between $1.55 billion and $1.75 billion for the full year. 

Now let me move on to a couple of our consolidated non-operating financial metrics. Adjusted interest expense for the 
first quarter of 2011 was $73 million. Despite higher overall debt balances as a result of our 2010 note offerings, we 
benefited from lower-than-expected short-term interest rates. As of March 31, 2011, the average rate on all of our 
outstanding borrowings was approximately 5.5%. We continue to use interest rate swaps in order to maintain the debt 
portfolio that we believe is an optimal ratio of 6% for floating-rate borrowings. We continue to project our full-year 
adjusted effective income tax rate to be between 26% and 28%, and for the first quarter of 2011, it was 27%. We 
continue to believe that our full-year effective tax rate is sustainable going forward. 

First quarter adjusted net income was $197 million, or $0.44 per share. In calculating our adjusted diluted EPS, because 
our average stock price for the first quarter of $22.73 exceeded $20, our diluted share count included additional dilution 
from certain of our convertible debt obligations. This resulted in a share count for the first quarter of 2011 of 448 
million shares, versus the approximately 440 million shares used in both the first and fourth quarters of 2010. This 
higher share count had an unfavorable effect of approximately $0.01 on Q1 2011 reported adjusted EPS. 

In addition, as a result of reducing in Q4 2010 our full-year 2010 effective income tax rate of 27%, our fourth quarter 
2010 effective tax rate was approximately 24%, as compared to our first quarter 2011 tax rate of 27%. On a sequential 
basis, this higher quarterly tax rate had an unfavorable impact on our first quarter 2011 EPS of about $0.015. Therefore, 
it is important to note that, as a result of the higher share count in Q1 2011 as compared to both Q1 and Q4 2010, and 
the higher Q1 2011 effective tax rate as compared to Q4 2010, Mylan's adjusted EPS of $0.44 per share in Q1 2011 
absorbed $0.01 per share year-over-year and almost $0.03 per share sequentially. 

With respect to our outstanding share count going forward, depending upon the market value of our common stock, our 
average outstanding diluted share count could increase further due to additional dilution from our convertible debt 
obligations and related warrants and additional dilution from our stock options. As it relates to the former, if the price 
of our common stock for a quarter were to average $25, the share count to be used in the calculation of GAAP diluted 
EPS would be approximately 10 million shares higher than the dilution from stock options alone. 

If the average price of our common stock were to remain at $25 for the remainder of this year, it would have an 
unfavorable impact on our diluted EPS of approximately $0.04 for the full year. We note that this dilution has generally 
not been taken into consideration in analyst and investor models. 

In order to offset the impact that this dilution could have on our diluted EPS, and to do our part to maintain discipline 
with respect to the number of outstanding shares, we announced earlier today that our Board of Directors has approved 
a share repurchase plan that will allow us to repurchase up to $350 million of our equity. This share repurchase plan 
will be financed with our available cash on hand and should be completed by the end of our second quarter. 

In addition to mitigating the dilutive impact of our convertible debt obligations and related warrants, we believe that 
this share repurchase program represents an effective and prudent use of our company's assets. We believe that we will 


be able to complete this share repurchase with no significant impact on our deleveraging strategy, including our goal of 
achieving a gross debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio of approximately 3:1. 

Additionally, because of our proven ability to generate strong, positive cash flows, we will remain in a position where 
we have adequate financial resources available for the right business development opportunities. 

Turning to our cash flow metrics. Our GAAP cash flow from operations for the first quarter of 2011 was a use of cash 
of approximately $46 million. This was primarily the result of the timing of payments, including interest on bonds and 
the annual incentive compensation payments, combined with an increase in accounts receivable due to higher sales and 
the timing of collection of cash receipts, and an increase in inventory in response to anticipated demand. 

Additionally, certain of the special items that we discussed at the time of providing 2011 cash flow guidance did in fact 
result in current quarter cash outflows, including litigation settlements accrued for at year-end. Excluding special items, 
our operating cash flow for the quarter was a cash inflow of approximately $14 million. We are still forecasting our full 
year 2011 operating cash, excluding special items, to be within our guidance range of $800 million to $900 million. 

The balance of our unrestricted cash and marketable securities on our March 31 balance sheet approximated $640 
million. First quarter capital spending was $41 million, and we continue to forecast full-year spending to be within our 
guidance range of $250 million to $300 million. 

As all of our 2011 maturities under our credit facility were paid in 2010, we have no significant repayments of debt in 
the current quarter and continue to have no meaningful long-term debt maturities until the $600 million due under our 
convertible notes in the first quarter of 2012, which we currently intend to repay with available cash at that time. 

The ability of our operational strength to allow us to enhance and de-lever our balance sheet, and to extend our debt 
maturity profile, has not gone unnoticed by the investment community. As we previously reported during the quarter, 
Mylan's credit rating was upgraded by both S&P and Moody's. Our current rating, a Ba2 from Moody's and BB+ from 
S&P, position us just one notch below our ratings prior to our initial incurrence of debt, in conjunction with the 
acquisitions of the Matrix and Merck Generics businesses. 

Looking forward, we expect our Q2 top- and bottom-line results to be very similar to those of the first quarter, before 
seeing an acceleration in EPS during the second half of 2011. This is similar to how our 2010 financial results 
developed. 

In conclusion, our first quarter came in line with our expectations, despite operational and non-operational headwinds. 
We continue to stay true to our commitment of high-quality and reliable supply, while effectively managing our 
businesses through competitive and regulatory headwinds in markets throughout the world. And as such, we continue 
to be well positioned for the remainder of 2011, and especially beyond. 

That concludes my remarks and I'll turn over the call to the operator for Q&A. Casey? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks, guys, for the questions. It seems like the theme this quarter again was a 
strong North America result with some softness and/or some headwinds in Europe still. Can you talk about maybe 
some of the trajectory of when we see Europe start to improve and grow from a constant currency perspective? And 
then, Robert, a lot of your peers have been getting more aggressive on the specialty side. Does that make you any more 
interested in adding some capabilities there? Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Do you want to... 


<A - Heather M. Bresch>: Sure. So what I'd say about Europe, Randall, is that there absolutely was more aggressive 
pricing pressure throughout Europe, and as I'd mentioned for us, particularly in Germany and U.K., Portugal and, like 
we said, France flat year-over-year. What we are starting to see, that I believe will be kind of the change in that 
dynamic, is as some of these substitution markets continue to increase that generic utilization for more of a sustainable 
cost containment to these countries versus these one-time price cuts. So we do see, for some of the southern European 
countries like Italy, increasing its generic utilization up to about 11%, 12% now; Spain, starting to turn the corner with 
increased substitution; and Portugal, even though they took a deeper price cut, and earlier than we had anticipated, what 
we see as a result of that is the government putting incentives in for substitution. 

So as we've continued to say the race of us continuing to internalize products, lower our cost of goods, bringing this 
global scale into each of these countries while we're educating the governments and they're starting to realize the 
sustainability of generic utilization. So I believe it's going to be over the next 12 to 18 months that you continue to see 
utilization increase, especially in these, like I said, southern markets, and our ability to maintain in the more mature 
markets, like the U.K. and Germany, as we bring our lower cost of goods to the marketplace. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: I guess the only thing I would add to that, in terms of anticipation for certainly the rest of 
2011, I think these countries are going to come on. I would say Europe as a whole is going to continue to see pressure 
throughout 2011. And to Heather's point, these countries will come on at different times. Some countries will continue 
to decelerate; some new countries will begin to decelerate. Some countries will rebound. We're seeing a mix of a lot of 
things, but I would say overall, the anticipation is for Europe to continue to decline in 2011 overall. That's what we see. 
Of course, offset by our diversification in other regions and other markets. 

And this is, again, nothing that we haven't foresaw going back even 18 months to two years ago. Are we seeing a little 
bit more aggressiveness recently due to the financial crisis over there, and due to some of the other external factors? 
Yes. But, again, I think – and I'm extremely proud of the management team in Europe, and really through a lot to be 
able to manage through exactly what we've been preparing them for and what we've seen in advance. And that's why 
our overall guidance, Randall, is the most important thing you need to focus on, as we managed a voluminous amount 
of variables in this type of a business. 

In terms of the competitor you're speaking about, obviously, I don't run their business. But it's very interesting because 

– my only commentary, it's like a flashback. It's a flashback of about six years ago when we led the industry, when we 
attempted to do the King transaction. And if you recall, when we did it back then, we didn't do it out of desperateness, 
and we didn't do it out of the fact that we have a landfill that we have to fill. I think today, I think the reaction of what 
Teva's doing is obviously – I wish them all the luck, but they obviously have a huge shortfall that they have to fill. 
So I think that the rationale, the timing of Teva, and what they're doing today versus what we looked at doing back 
then, five, six years ago, it's a quite different atmosphere. We've always had the vision for that more balanced approach, 
and we will continue. Our situation is we just don't need anything, quite frankly, over the next couple of years. We are 
very, very vigilant, as you can see, what we're doing in terms of managing our business, to hit our earnings per share. 
We are extremely committed to deliver that. I think our share repurchase announcement today only goes further to our 
discipline to ensure that what we say we're going to do is what we're going to do. So with that... 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Marc Goodman of UBS. 

<Q - Marc Goodman MBA>: Yes. Can you talk about the gross margin a little bit? Obviously, we understand what 
your guidance is. And how does it move up a little bit throughout the year? And then just specifically France, can you 
just talk about the dynamic there? We've been hearing noise about just unusual pricing pressures in France, above and 
beyond what would be expected, given the government changes in pricing. So can you just address France, as well? 
Thanks. 


<A - John D. Sheehan>: So, I guess, let me start, Marc, on the gross margin point. And at 47%, the gross margin was 
at the low end of our guidance range of 47% to 49%. I think that in a number of forums I've talked that I expect the 
gross margin to be on the lower end of that guidance range over the course of this year. I think that the gross margin 
varies each quarter, depending upon the mix of products that we sell. And that in addition to that, is we continue to 
repatriate products that were previously manufactured by third-party sources into our internal network. We gain 
operating efficiencies that will add to the margins. And I think over the course of 2011, you'll continue to see us in the 
general range that you've seen us here this quarter. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: And just on – to your France point, what I would say is that, look – and we've certainly 
experienced this in the United States and various other countries of the world – when you get into more of a 
hyper-competitive, and you have competitors doing irrational things, so I think that as you see the actions that the 
French government have taken, some price cuts. While we certainly anticipated price discounts, what you can't 
underestimate is how irrational some competitors will behave in the marketplace. 

I think what positions Mylan uniquely in France is our leadership position in that country, married up with what we're 
able to now deliver from a cost – a lower cost infrastructure. As we internalize these products and really bring our 
global scale to bear, we're able to compete in that market and really with a more intelligent, profitable share in mind. 

<A - John D. Sheehan>: Next question, operator? 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Chris Schott with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Christopher T. Schott>: Great. Thanks very much. The first question I had was, just given the generic Femara 
launch in April, I'm surprised we're not seeing a bit more sequential improvements in earnings in the second quarter. 
Can you just comment a little bit on the dynamics we should expect with Q2? 

Second question was just, obviously we saw a very strong quarter in the North America business. I know it's a broad 
portfolio. But specifically, how are price and volume trends proceeding relative to your plan? And does a mid-single 
digit price decline still make sense, given the dynamics you're seeing? And if I can flip a very quick third question, on 
share count, just to be clear, what are you guys assuming for this year, assuming you complete the $350 million repo in 
the quarter and the stock stays at $25? Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Well, let me respond to the quarter first looking forward, and then you can take the share 
count. But I think I would say that, yes, we had some opportunities and have some opportunities at the beginning of the 
year, but because we are guiding the second quarter very, very much like the first quarter, even with the opportunities 
as a way of balancing all the other variables that we have to deal with, because the second half of the year, we have so 
many more opportunities, so many more product launches and so many more things that – aspects of our business that 
we see materialize, we believe that those additional opportunities will far offset what we're seeing early in the year. 
And that's why we're being, I would say, responsible in terms of what the second quarter's going to look like versus the 
third and fourth quarter. 

Heather? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: And I would just add, as you're looking at the North American business here in the United 
States particularly, that, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, that we are managing a portfolio of 270 products. So 
certainly, as we've seen issues in the marketplace, and we've been able to leverage our reliable supply, we've also seen a 
decrease that we'd certainly take into consideration. But you see Minocycline, Paroxetine ER, so significant products in 
some of our base business that have had the natural erosion that comes with this generic industry, which is why we're 
dynamic and taking into consideration all the ups and downs. And us being uniquely positioned, again, to absorb the 
ups and downs. 


<A - Robert J. Coury>: But to your point, I mean, I think you guys have got it. Our North American operations is 
running on all cylinders. It's extremely, extremely strong, and we very much look forward to those quarters once 
Europe kind of sort of settles down and we don't need to offset other aspects of our business. We certainly look forward 
to maintaining that strength here and being able to add to our earnings per share, and even accelerate what we already 
have outlined. 

John, on the share? 

<A - John D. Sheehan>: Yes. With respect to the share count, as I indicated in my remarks, our objective would be to 
maintain the fully diluted share count at 440 million shares. As obviously this program is being implemented here, 
partly through the second quarter and partly through the calendar year, I think the share count for the calendar year will 
be slightly higher than 440 million. But that is our objective, Chris, is to stay at the 440 million level. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Thank you. Operator, next question? 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ronny Gal with Bernstein. 

<Q - Paul Stephano>: Hi. It's actually Paul Stephano calling for Ronny. You mentioned in the press release that new 
products in North America contributed about $81 million. Would you be willing to disclose just what fraction of that, 
roughly speaking, came from the three limited competition products? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: No, as we've said before, while we give the breakout between new products and our base 
business, we certainly don't get into individual product contribution. 

<Q - Paul Stephano>: All right. Fair enough. Well, let me ask then, on Europe, you've talked about a trend toward 
increased substitution of generics in Spain and Italy. But could you help us understand how that's actually taking place? 
In other words, how are these countries breaking through the barriers that have kept that from happening in the past; 
pharmacist incentives, et cetera? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: Well, let's start with... 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Two things, two words; price and profit. The two Ps. I can tell you that very, very simply. 
Heather, do you want to add? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: Yes. I mean, what I would say is that governments are recognizing that they need to have 
increased incentives. So we've seen Italy go from 7% to 8% generic utilization, up to 11% to 12%. And we see Spain, 
while more complex with the different regions, we see several regions coming more to the substitution on the same 
basis; the incentives given to dispense generics. 

<Q - Paul Stephano>: So this is something that you continue – you expect to continue to gather steam? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: Yes. We see the benefit of governments realizing the sustainability. 

<Q - Paul Stephano>: Fair enough. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Rich Silver with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Richard B. Silver>: Yes. Good morning. Just back to the sequential forecast. And just trying to better understand 
the reasons for this. Should we assume that the revenues overall will be flat? And if so, why would that be the case? Is 
it declining quarter-to-quarter EMEA, or EMEA and APAC, and higher North American Dey? I'm just trying to better 
understand the moving parts. And I have a second question. 


<A - Heather M. Bresch>: Well, I mean, I think I'd start with saying, Rich, I think you kind of answered your own 
question. There's a lot of moving parts. So as we – if you want to – let's start with our Dey segment. As you know, the 
seasonality of our EpiPen franchise, and so as we head into Q2, Q3, that being the strongest quarter. So as we're 
balancing all the moving parts, we have certain seasonality, not only from EpiPen, but certainly with our businesses 
geographically, there's seasonality in the business. 

So as you're looking at what quarters could be strong, married up with the amount of launches, as Robert mentioned 
earlier, we see significant launches throughout the year. And as the year continues to ramp up, we get the contribution 
from the launches that are going to happen either at the end of Q1 or in Q2, through that benefit of Q3 and Q4. So it's 
really the dynamics of the voluminous amount of launches, the seasonality of certain businesses offsetting other factors, 
such as some of the pressure and stuff that we've talked about. So just all in all, it's what the balance and all of those 
netting out is where – why our guidance is where it is. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: And it goes back – Rich, if you go back to – go back six, eight, maybe 10 quarters and you 
take a look at – I think we had a slide in the last conference call, you'll see a continuation of growth as this business that 
we've built and pulled together, you're now -you're starting to see a continuation of the growth that this business is now 
generating sequentially. And again, 2009, 2010, 2011, it's the same story. 

<Q - Richard B. Silver>: Okay. So then just focusing more on the full year, Robert, you had said that you expected the 
European business to be down year-over-year. Your guidance, when you reported the fourth quarter, was that it would 
be probably less than 13% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. So that's a pretty dramatic change. I just want to 
make sure we have the delta correct in terms of what you were guiding and in what you're guiding now. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Yes. I don't think the delta – I don't think there's a difference in delta; I think there's a 
difference in terminology. I think what I've said is that I fully expect the continuation of pressure throughout 2011. And 
I don't want to paint any pictures about what we're dealing with over there and what we're managing over there, as far 
as the numbers that we give, and we stand by the numbers that we've given. But I overall see a continuation of what 
we've been experiencing, say, for the last maybe year and a half over there. 

<Q - Richard B. Silver>: So the 13% approximate constant currency growth year-over-year for the full year is still a 
number that you're comfortable with? 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: 13% was for the generic business as a whole. I don't believe that, that was the European 
region directly. I don't have the year-end slides in front of me, Rich, but we can review that together individually. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Elliot Wilbur with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Thanks, and good morning. Not surprisingly, another question on Europe. I mean, obviously in 
the U.S., the cost structure of generic businesses is pretty lean. It's probably less true in Europe. In light of a couple of 
quarters of softer-than-expected performance, at least relative to the Street expectations, Robert, can you talk about 
how much ammunition you might have on the cost side to maybe bring things down a little bit in light of recent top-line 
performance? 

And then a second question for John. One might argue that a more prudent use of discretionary fiscal capital would be 
to pay down debt. And it doesn't look like there's a dramatic difference in terms of what the bottom-line impact would 
be, assuming you could pay down debt outstanding at kind of your average rate. So I guess the concern we're hearing 
from clients this morning is that maybe the company's reaching a little bit, and you sort of have this perceived 
over-management of EPS with the share repurchase. Maybe you could just address that observation? Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Yes. I mean, let me just say that the answer is yes to the ammunition. Obviously, we 
demonstrated we had quite a bit. And I said even at the end of 2010, I really don't see it ending. I do think it's a 
dynamic process, but we do have ammunition. I think the biggest race, as I said all along, is how much of that 


ammunition can we deliver, versus how much price the European system and these countries want to take out of the 
system? 

So it's really a race, and it's all timing. Everything is timing. Nothing has fundamentally changed in our overall view of 
the solid growth opportunity that we see in Europe on a longer term, and that's why we're guiding you with the EPS that 
we're giving you. And just before, John, you answer on the – I'm sorry, but I have to – just let me address this. 

Actually to those – Elliot, to those clients of yours who are asking the question, quite frankly, this is a – an extremely 
disciplined and responsible approach, not just for the short term, but for the short, medium and long term. That's what's 
important, because remember, we have forecasts and we have projections. And quite frankly, there's no better 
opportunity, even though this absolutely is more accretive than maybe just simply paying down debt, and of course, as 
John stated in his prepared remarks, nothing's going to take away our commitment to achieving those goals as well with 
the strong cash flows that we have. 

But when you take a look in conjunction, in balance of managing the overall business, we are extremely satisfied to be 
able to do this now to satisfy short, medium and long term debt because of what we feel the potential of our security 
price going forward, which is only going to add to additional dilution. 

John, do you want to add anything to that? 

<A - John D. Sheehan>: Well, I think that, number one, just to reiterate the point on the debt, we don't have any debt 
maturities that come due in 2011. The next maturity that we have is in the first quarter of 2012. That's the $600 million 
convertible note, and that's not pre-payable. During the course of 2010, we paid down a significant amount on our 2014 
maturities, and we're at a level in the 2014 maturities where I just don't feel like we need to be repaying those maturities 
at this point. And we absolutely see ourselves with a plan for reducing the overall gross debt-to-EBITDA to 3:1 as we 
move out to the repayment of that $600 million next year. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: And lastly, the most important point, is our ability to continue to execute in our strategic 
business plans. So we believe we struck the right balance fulsome here in terms of the decision that we made here 
today. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Gregg Gilbert with Bank of America. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks. First, I'll ask my two upfront. Heather, how do you expect Lipitor to play out from here, 
assuming that Rambaxy shows up in November? How competitive do you expect it to be when Mylan launches six 
months later? And even longer term, how competitive do you think it will be? 

And then I have one for Rob. I'm sure investors appreciate that you're doing what you said you would do in terms of 
earnings per share and leverage, and maybe this is a high-class problem kind of question, but at what point do you start 
to feel that these metrics in a vacuum are not necessarily the only metrics that matter for long-term value creation? I'm 
thinking there's a part of you that's focused on delivering on promises made a few years ago, and increasingly, a part of 
you that wants to be opportunistic when capital's as cheap as it is with the global landscape changing the way it is. So if 
you could address that, I'd appreciate it. Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Let me go backwards a second. I mean, to that point, I think my entire senior management 
team would probably be in a better position to answer that, because you've described quite, quite well what goes on in 
our managerial process as we balance between our promise to deliver and all the opportunities that are presented to us. 

We made a commitment. We gave a three-year projection. I believe a lot of our investors have invested because of that 
commitment. And we intend on meeting that commitment. And I've stated, and I continue to state, that we are going to 
maintain a very strict discipline to hit those growth targets. I've said early on when we've given the commitment, 
especially at a time where we are in the macroeconomic environment, there's not too many companies that are able to 
put on and state that they're able to deliver that type of growth. We went out there, and I said that we're going to meet 


it. So I do want to live up to what we've said to the investors that we would do. 

Now, with that said, look, the opportunities, we're reviewing constantly. And because we really don't need anything, as 
I've stated all along, I do think they're going to be opportunistic – those opportunities that will be opportunistic. And 
when and if they come, and as we evaluate between our promises of what we have, and if we can enhance that and be 
able to improve even what we said, I wouldn't hesitate in a heartbeat. And I do think some of those opportunities are 
going to come up. 

But don't think that for a second, Gregg, and to your clients, certainly I think we've demonstrated we're not myopic. We 
don't live in a bubble. And certainly, the globe is available to us. And this is where I spend a great majority of my time. 
Heather? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: And on your Lipitor question, I guess I'd say what I've continued to say the last couple of 
quarters, that this market is going to end up forming perhaps differently than anyone has contemplated. And I think, I 
hope, that in light of everything that's been brought to the world's attention about Lipitor, that people don't really miss 
the point of what the intention was, which from the beginning, it was it's an industry that certainly, if the FDA 
weighing the decision about Ranbaxy's application, the sooner the better for not only the public, the constituencies, the 
taxpayers, because of the millions of dollars, tens of millions of dollars that are spent every day on this product. And 
the ability to park exclusivity in this instance would not serve anybody well. 

So I think that, to open it up for the industry as soon as possible, was certainly our intentions from the beginning. I 
think with that being said, it also has unique dynamics around it because, as you know, there have been applications on 
file for five, six, seven, eight, nine years without receiving tentatives. 

So I think that it's not going to be certainly the hyper-competitive marketplace that people could've seen, but I do 
believe that it'll be unique in how it rolls out, and all we continue is that certainly with the congressional attention this 
has now received, I think that the public understanding of what's at risk here if that decision is not made, certainly come 
June when the pediatric exclusivity expires, is really it will be a win-win for everybody. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: And I firmly believe, regardless of the loss yesterday in the courtroom, I firmly believe that 
the FDA will ultimately do the right thing. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from David Risinger with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David R. Risinger>: Thanks very much. I have a couple of questions. First, with respect to the second-half ramp 
that you're expecting, maybe you could just speak to that in a little bit more detail. Essentially, if we're looking at a 
second quarter that's roughly in line with the first quarter at $0.44, that would imply third-quarter and fourth-quarter 
EPS of about $0.56. So that's a pretty tremendous step-up. If you could just help us get comfortable with that. 

And then the second question is, with respect to some of the European launches in France and Italy of Omeprazole and 
Nexium, I think that those are some pretty significant opportunities. I know that AstraZeneca has said that France is a 
$400-million branded market, but I just don't know the timing and how much of that market Mylan is going to capture 
versus competitors. So if you could weave that into your answer, that would be helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Sure. I'll take the first one, and just say that the answer to your first question about the second 
half, I can tell you that – go back and look at the prior year and go back and look at the year before that. The exact 
same variables, and I mean the exact same variables, are in play; all the exact same variables. I see no change between 
the number of products that are going to come online towards the end of the year, as we continue to build and continue 
to start to monetize the benefits of our R&D build in the past couple of years, the number of products and the timing of 
when they come online. I can tell you that nothing has changed. I would say, again, go back and look at 2010, and 
you'll see that the exact same metrics are in play. We are managing the exact same business and it really is all about 


timing. Heather? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: And just to your question on launches in Europe, as I mentioned, Esomeprazole is an 
important launch for us, which we launched at the end of the first quarter, at the very end. So to see how that market 
continues to shape up, but we've had very successful launches so far in Italy and France, and certainly just have then a 
sheer volume of numbers of other launches coming on board. And as we've mentioned, this is our first year in Europe 
that over 50% of our launches are internally-sourced products. So it's that combination of all these factors that, to 
Robert's point, especially on the European region, that's driving that second-half growth. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: And I guess the last point that I would bring up, guys, is remember, we are 
probability-weighting, and constantly probably-weighting each and every quarter, and continue to evaluate and 
re-evaluate. And given that, you would expect that the management team would do just this and then be able to come 
and deliver the visibility to all of you that we see. And going back and look at our last, I don't know, 13 or 14 quarters 
of being able to bring that vision and visibility up to you by the way we see the business around the world, the way we 
manage the business around the world, and what we are putting forth that we can deliver. And so meeting and/or 
exceeding is what we've been doing, and I think we have a fairly – a pretty damn tight process for our business that's 
certainly anything but exact. 

<Q - David R. Risinger>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Michael Tong with Wells Fargo Securities. 

<Q - Michael K. Tong PhD, CFA>: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of questions here, one with respect to Europe. 
Certainly appreciate the challenges over there and what you're trying to do with integration. But Robert, can you speak 
to anything that you can do as a company that could drive top-line growth in that region, rather than trying to ride out 
the situation with synergies and integration cost-cutting? 

And then secondly, as you think about longer term within the generic industry, when this patent expiration cycle kind 
of winds down, where do you think Mylan would look like – this is probably an early question about M&A – where do 
you think you're going to be playing in that environment? Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Sure. I mean, I think the first thing I would tell you is absolutely there are opportunities. And 
we already have begun to implement programs that we think will do just that, Tim, in terms of being able to drive top 
line. And I won't get into the specific details for competitive purposes, but absolutely, as you know, we're very, very 
hands-on; fairly, I would say assertive, not aggressive, but a fairly assertive management team. And so we're over there 
constantly and working with the senior management over there, and the various countries and the country heads, and 
trying to respect and understand each individual market and the dynamics that drive those particular markets and put 
initiatives in place to do just exactly as – in terms of what you said. 

In terms of the – what you guys call the patent cliff and beyond, I mean, that's a terminology I hear, I guess I respect, 
but when you're running a company and you're in our position, there is no such thing. I mean, it's a continuation. And 
as I said a long time ago, and continue to maintain, we just don't see anything that we need. Our CAGR, our – the great 
preponderance of our growth is coming from our ability to execute organically. 

Now, with that said, and to Gregg Gilbert's comment, I mean, look, he's exactly right. It is a high-class problem. We 
have a high-class problem. And so where I spend the great majority of my time is really 2014 and beyond, and what 
comes next. So let me remind you of a couple things: one, you've got to look at – I think that people have really, really 
begun the opportunity around Copaxone. Again, we're not the size of a Teva, and when I say that, when you take a look 
at the size of that opportunity, it's very, very meaningful. There's not going to be a lot of competition. And it will be 
meaningful to Mylan's bottom line. And then you take a look at our biosimilar opportunity and what we're doing there. 
I think that these – I think that we've planned quite well, and I do see that these assets are going to roll in very 
opportunistically from a timing perspective. 


And then, of course, Dey. You take a look at Dey. I'm hopeful any day now to hear about the re-examination of our 
patent. I believe it will become public here shortly. I'm extremely confident that our patents are going to be upheld, and 
people are going to need to answer to that. And I think that, that spells opportunity. 

So when you take a look at what we already have in place for 2014 and beyond, given the size of the company that we 
are, each one of these things I name are going to be meaningful. And that doesn't even account for some of the 
additional activity that we continue to look at on a daily basis. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: The only thing I would maybe just add, as we've said over the course of time, where again, 
Mylan's uniquely positioned, if you look just at the U.S. business alone, we represent about 15% of the generic 
marketplace. So our ability to continue to identify therapeutic category dosage forms, just as we added Bioniche last 
year, is a real opportunity to deliver meaningful growth to our North American operations, notwithstanding the patent 
cliff over '13 and '14. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our next question from Michael Faerm with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Michael Faerm>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Could you update us on your plans for the oral 
contraceptive portfolio, the timing, and how many products you plan to roll out, and how big you could see that 
business eventually getting? 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: Yes. We see that coming in by the end of this year, starting to phase in. Overall, we've 
targeted about 25 products to bring into the marketplace over the next several years. And we really, again, just as I 
talked about Bioniche and the injectable space, that was an area that Mylan had not participated in earlier. So for us, it's 
just really continuing to add to our broad breadth and product portfolio delivery that we have here. And we see that OC 
franchise as just another gap that we're going to be able to deliver to our customers. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: So, operator, I think we have time for one more call. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll take our last question from John Boris with Citi. 

<Q - John T. Boris>: Thanks for taking the questions, and congratulations on the results. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Thank you, John. 

<Q - John T. Boris>: First question. When we look at your top-20 products by volume in the United States, one thing 
that strikes us as interesting is we see very stable market shares and stable pricing on top of that. One thing we're 
starting to see is additional generic suppliers that were sidelined by current good manufacturing process issues 
beginning to re-enter the market, which at least should continue to occur. As we see that unfolding, what is your 
customer base telling you about supply quality and higher price possibly for that supply, relative to cheaper generics 
that are re-entering the market? 

And then second question just has to do with Lipitor. You obviously felt compelled to take this into the courts against 
the FDA, which – it's quite precedented to sue the agency. What was it about Ranbaxy's application? What deficiencies 
in the application did you see or think that there might have been that you felt compelled to sue the FDA over? Thanks. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: Well, I mean, let me just comment and say that, look, there's an AIP process. And if there was 
a fraud, how do you correct the fraud? If a fraud has been committed, can you tell me how to correct the fraud? I think 
there's a lot of people that are not in a very pretty place right now, that was accused of the same thing that basically 
they too would like to correct it. So if there's a way to correct it, please let us know. 


And so I think that there's an AIP process, there's a legislative process, there's administrative power given to the FDA 
to deal with just that. So either there was or there's not; that ultimately needs to come out. And if there was, how do you 
correct it? And if it can't be corrected, then you cannot hold the entire industry back, and the consumers from 
benefiting, and the taxpayers from benefiting, from the largest product in the world. 

So please, guys, remember this. This is not, like many, many other issues, this is not simply a Mylan issue. Yes, Mylan, 
as a leader of the industry, and many, many, many times in the past, we have been looked upon within the industry to 
lead the industry. This was an industry issue. This is not a Mylan and an FDA issue. 

And I do believe that the FDA is constrained. As I said before, I believe ultimately that they will come to the right 
place. But we, as a finished dosage form manufacturer, we have a business to run. We have lead times. We have to 
know. This is not something that – and so basically, we were looking for the only other outlet that's in place to balance 
the act, and that's the judicial system. And obviously, we saw [ph] their roll-in (63:30). I even think the judicial system 
was empathetic about our – about exactly what our issue is. However, I think that they ruled specifically on the 
standing issue, using from a pure legal perspective, that had we had the stand – and I even think that the opinion stated, 
had we had the standing, there would be – this would be a little bit different of an issue. 

So I think we've struck the right balance. We're going to continue to work with the FDA and try to – and continue to 
represent the industry in pushing for a result that can be supported by the fundamental facts, and to continue to do what 
we've been in our business, celebrating our 50th year, to bring generics to the marketplace as quickly as we possibly 
can. 

<A - Heather M. Bresch>: And just to answer your question about our top products in the United States. I guess I, 
again, would just like to reiterate; certainly, as I said, we've seen opportunities by continuing to be that reliable supplier 
when there's been market disruption. And yes, just as I called out, we've seen products where – in our base business, 
that competition has come back into the marketplace. 

So the first – I don't see that cycle ending. I think there's going to continue to be market disruptions, and then there will 
continue to be people come back into the market after they fix their issues. But because I don't see that cycle ending, I 
would say that what we have seen is a continuation with our customer of appreciating that reliable supply and a 
behavior change in the sense that it's meaningful to them to have a reliable supply, the broad breadth that Mylan offers, 
and our ability to service our customers day in and day out. 

So what I would say is that that's what we do see a continuation of, is that continued benefit of that appreciation of 
supply. And like I said, I certainly don't see, and I think our customers know, that this cycle of market disruption 
doesn't look like it's ending any time soon. 

<A - Robert J. Coury>: And John, from a pure forecasting point of view, because I really think you are hitting on all 
the right points, and I think you're focused right in the right place, but from a forecasting point of view, we just strongly 
believe that it's much more responsible, because of exactly what Heather said, it's going to come, it's going to go. And 
there'll be cycles. And sometimes we may benefit more from it, sometimes less. 

We should always be grounded that you never know when that supply returns. And so it's really, really a balancing act, 
John. But I don't – I want to first of all underscore, I think you have definitely hit on the right things, but it really still is 
a balancing act. And it's not one or two things. And there's many more variables for us to take into consideration, and 
that's why our ability to give visibility through our forecast to you all is the best way for us to guide you in what we see 
the business can produce and where the business is going. 

John D. Sheehan 

With that operator, we appreciate the support on the call. You can close the call out. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


