Q4 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Paul Ricci, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
• James Arnold, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Nuance's fourth quarter 2007 conference call. At 
this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 
As a reminder today's call is being recorded. With us today, are the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Nuance, 
Mr. Paul Ricci and the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Jamie Arnold. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ricci. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paul Ricci, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I remind everyone that matters we discuss 
this morning include predictions, estimates, expectations and other forward-looking statements. These statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You should refer to our recent SEC 
filings for a detailed list of risk factors. Also before I begin, let me mention that we are conducting this call with Jamie 
in Burlington and myself in Tokyo because of pressing customer engagements. So if a communication issue arises in 
the course of this morning's call, we ask your patience. 

Nuance recorded a strong conclusion to 2007, a year of considerable achievement and growth for the company. We 
exited the year with revenues in the fourth quarter that were above our expectations. Throughout 2007, we advanced 
our competitive position and increased share in nearly all key markets. We expanded our presence globally and 
achieved significant advances in our sales, services and R&D capabilities. 

We made significant investments and reached important milestones in customer care, mobile, dictation and healthcare 
solutions. And we closed several important acquisitions this year including MobileVoiceControl, BeVocal, Focus 
Infomatics, VoiceSignal, Tegic and Commissure. Specifically in the fourth quarter, our strong revenues and earnings 
again reflected the continuation of favorable trends experienced throughout the year. We enjoyed solid revenue growth 
across most of our businesses, with especially strong performance in our mobile network and healthcare markets. 
Continued discipline within our operating units and synergies from recent acquisitions contributed to robust earnings 
and additional leverage in our operations. 

From our press release this morning, you'll see we recorded non-GAAP revenues in the fourth quarter of approximately 

187.2 million. Excluding revenues of approximately 10.2 million associated with our VoiceSignal and Tegic 
acquisitions, which closed during the quarter, we recorded non-GAAP revenues of 177 million. Total GAAP revenues 
were approximately 179.9 million. Total non-GAAP revenues were up 41% over the same quarter last year. 
Organic revenues in the quarter excluding revenues from the recent acquisitions were up 18% over the same period last 
year. Total non-GAAP Speech revenues were 156.8 million. Organic growth in Speech excluding recent acquisitions 
was up 18% over the same period last year. Revenue for our Enterprise Speech Solutions were a record at 59.6 million, 
up 65% from 36.1 million in the same quarter last year. Excluding contributions from MobileVoiceControl and 
BeVocal, organic network revenues were still a record for the company at 45 million. 


In the quarter, the organization secured important design wins and expanded relationships with customers such as Air 
France, AT&T, BofA, Disney, State of New Jersey and WellPoint. Revenues for our network enterprise speech 
solutions showed increasing momentum throughout the year. Year-over-year growth accelerated from 15% in our first 
fiscal quarter to 26% in Q4 as we realized benefits from the introduction of Nuance Recognizer 9 and our expanded 
portfolio of speech-based customer care solutions. In addition, we remain particularly enthusiastic about the results we 
have seen from BeVocal. 

The BeVocal team, now our Nuance on-demand unit has accelerated growth in our self-service on demand offerings for 
enterprises and carriers. Throughout 2007, we spoke of our efforts and momentum in search and communications in 
area within network speech comprising directory assistance, voice search solutions and connected services. 

In the most recent quarter, we made additional progress in this market, as we signed important new agreements with a 
large Asian carrier and one of the world's largest mobile navigation company. Within directory assistance, we 
expanded into the markets with AT&T's 1-800-YellowPages service, experienced record automation rates with Jingle 
Networks and saw contributions from On Mobile, Say Hello and Telstra. And for our Nuance VoiceControl services, 
we launched new GPS search capabilities, delivered pre-loaded software on Sprint's new Palm Centro devices and 
signed an agreement with Health Alliance Network. 

Lastly we entered into an early stage of partnership with another prominent internet search firm on the application of 
mobile search for consumer markets. While we cannot comment on specifics. We remain excited at the potential 
growth in voice-enabled mobile search. 

For the full fiscal year of 2007, network revenues were 193.8 million, up 36% from 142.9 million in the previous year. 
Excluding revenues from acquisitions, organic network revenues grew by 20% for the full fiscal year. We ended 2007 
with an exceptional quarter in our embedded market. In Q4, we again experienced sequential quarter-over-quarter 
growth and experienced record revenues of 25.5 million, up 135% from Q4 a year ago. Excluding contributions and 
VoiceSignal and Tegic, embedded revenues were still a record for the company at 15.3 million, up 43% organically 
from the same period last year. 

We saw sustained performance across this part of the business with strength in handsets, automotive and personal 
navigation devices. We continue to excel in benchmark testing, competitive bids, and key design wins. In the quarter, 
we signed new or expanded contracts with Bosch-Blaupunkt, Denso, Magellan, Mitec, Samsung and TomTom. 

Throughout last year, we articulated a vision for unlocking the potential of consumer devices, mobile phones, and 
automotive systems. We pursue this vision across a broad range of devices and platforms from Nokia phones to 
Mercedes and Ford automobiles and TomTom navigation units setting records for embedded speech through the year. 
For the fiscal year of 2007, total embedded revenues were 16.2 million, up 65% from 36.6 million in fiscal year 2006. 
As noted, this includes revenues from VoiceSignal and Tegic for the period after August 24. Excluding VoiceSignal 
and Tegic, revenues for 2007 were 50 million, up 37% over 2006. 

Turning to Dictaphone healthcare, our non-GAAP revenues were 61.3 million in the fourth quarter, up 29% over the 
same period last year. Excluding the benefit of Focus, Dictaphone revenues were 55.1 million, a record for the 
company and up 16% organically from a year ago. Within healthcare, we continue to see the growth of our iChart 
hosted solutions of about 35% year-over-year. 

The quarter produced new or expanded relationships with large regional hospitals including Adventist Healthcare, 
Dubar Regional, Harris County, SUNY Health, Columbus Regional, Mercy and San Louis Medical. We launched new 
solutions and secured a series of attractive long-term customer engagements. We sold our 1,000th PowerScribe 
installation and surpassed the milestone of $100 million in iChart bookings. 

Our performance we believe validates an expanded market opportunity and the return on our investments in sales and 
services over the last year. For the full fiscal year, the first full year within Nuance, Dictaphone healthcare revenues 
were 211 million including revenues from Focus. 


Moving to Dragon Naturally Speaking, revenues in the fourth quarter were 20.4 million, down 4% year-over-year. 
Please note that the year-over-year comparison is somewhat less relevant for this product area since the fourth quarter 
in 2006 included a major launch, Dragon Version 9. Compared with previous launch cycles, Dragon continues to 
perform ahead of past experience this far from a product launch indicating sustained strength of this product. 

Revenues for fiscal 2007 were 74.7 million, up 27% year-over-year bolstered by the strength of Dragon9 and 
reinforced by expanded marketing and channel efforts. Imaging revenues in the quarter were 20.4 million, up 17% from 
the same quarter a year ago. Please note though that our OmniPage 16 launch contributed significantly to our imaging 
revenues in the fourth quarter. Total revenues for imaging in fiscal 2007 were 74 million, up 2% over the previous year 
of 72.4 million. 

Putting aside the benefits of the OmniPage launch, our PDF product family, for which revenues grew 19% in the full 
fiscal year, remain the primary growth engine of our imaging business. Operating margins in the fourth quarter were 
25% reflecting the over achievement in license revenue, continued improvements in our gross margins, contribution of 
our growing maintenance and support streams, and operating expenses in the quarter essentially as planned. 
Importantly these results also reflect the ongoing synergies of recent acquisitions. 

I will move now to comment briefly about the full fiscal year in aggregate. Revenues for fiscal 2007 were 613.7 million 
on a non-GAAP basis and 603.5 million without VoiceSignal and Tegic. Revenue growth in 2007 was approximately 
53%. Excluding revenues from recent acquisitions, full-year organic revenue growth was about 19%. Operating 
margins for the year improved to 23% for the full year, up from 21% in fiscal 2006. 

As you can see in these results, our fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 were very strong in many ways. Before turning to our 
objectives in 2008, I want to turn the call over to Jamie. 

James Arnold, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Paul. Good morning everyone. As you saw in the press release, Nuance GAAP revenues in the quarter were 

179.9 million, up 40% over the same period in fiscal 2006. Our GAAP revenues exclude approximately 7.3 million of 
revenues that were lost to purchase accounting in conjunction with acquisitions including BeVocal, Tegic, and 
VoiceSignal. On a GAAP basis Nuance recognized a net loss of 3.4 million or $0.2 per basic share in the quarter 
compared with net loss of 7.2 million or $0.4 per basic share for the comparable period in fiscal 2006. 
In addition to using GAAP results, we believe it is useful to measure performance using certain non-GAAP measures. 
Our non-GAAP measure for revenue includes revenue loss to purchase accounting. Our non-GAAP measure of net 
income or loss excludes acquisitions, transaction, and integration cost and as applicable non-cash taxes, interest and 
stock based compensation, amortization and impairment of intangible assets and restructuring and other charges. 

With these factors in mind, total Nuance non-GAAP revenues were 187.2 million for the quarter, up 41% over last 
year. Using a non-GAAP measure, net income was 37 million or $.18 per diluted share in the quarter compared with 

26.3 million or $0.14 per diluted share a year ago. To repeat some numbers you heard in Paul's introductory comments, 
non-GAAP speech revenue was 166.8 million, which included 61.3 million for Dictaphone revenue, 59.6 million in 
network revenue, 25.5 million in embedded revenue, and 20.4 million in Dragon revenue. 
Imaging revenue was 20.4 million. GAAP product revenue was 90.9 million, non-GAAP product revenue was 97.4 
million, up 19.5 million or 25% from 77.9 million a year ago. These numbers include 9.9 million from Voice Signal 
and Tegic acquisitions. GAAP professional services revenue, including subscriptions and hosted applications was 55.4 
million. 

Non-GAAP professional services revenue was 56.4 million, up 28.6 million or 103% compared to 27.8 million for the 
same period last year. These figures include approximately 19.6 million, associated with the BeVocal and Focus 
acquisitions. GAAP maintenance and support revenue was 33.5 million. Non-GAAP maintenance and support revenue 
was 33.4 million, up 5.9 million or 22% compared to 27.5 million a year ago. 


North American revenue accounted for approximately 81% of total revenue compared with 79% in the same period a 
year ago. The increase is largely attributable to the companies we acquired this year as they derive the majority of their 
revenue from North America. 

Cost of revenue in the quarter was approximately 30% of revenue for a gross margin of 70%, a two points decrease 
from one year ago, and owing to a greater proportion of services revenue, largely because of the inclusion of BeVocal 
and Focus in the revenue mix. 

Please note that in discussing cost of goods, I exclude acquisition-related amortization. Product gross margins were 
88% in this quarter, as compared to 84% in the comparable quarter of fiscal 2006, owing to a change in mix with 
greater proportion of Speech license revenues. Gross margins for professional services were 34% in the quarter, as 
compared to 29% in the same period of last year. This improvement owes to continued operational progress in our 
Enterprise and Network business units, as well as the acquisition of BeVocal and Focus. 

Maintenance margins were 80% in the quarter, as compared to 80% in the same period last year. Again, gross margin 
numbers exclude acquisition-related amortization and stock-based compensation expense. 

Turning to operating expenses. The cost discussed exclude certain items, including non-cash stock based compensation, 
amortization of intangibles and transition and integration costs. For more information on these items, please see the 
reconciliation on our website. R&D was approximately 23.3 million or 12% of revenue versus 15.6 million or 12% of 
revenue a year ago. The increase in absolute dollars is primarily attributed to additional head count to our speech 
product lines, including additional Dictaphone and BeVocal teams. 

Sales and marketing spending was 44.4 million or 24% of revenue, as compared to 35.7 million or 27% of revenue a 
year ago. This absolute dollar increase for the year-over-year comparison corresponds to investment in our sales 
organization and an infusion of additional sales reps from acquisitions, as well as the expansion of marketing personnel 
and programs associated with our other product lines. 

General and administrative expenses were 16.5 million, or 9% of revenue as compared to 10.6 million or 8% of 
revenue in the same quarter last year. The increase is due to additional employees, supporting the larger business as 
well as additional professional fees in finance and legal. 

Turning to the balance sheet. The company generated cash from operations this quarter of approximately 18.5 million. 
As Paul mentioned, for the year we generated a 110 million of cash flow from operations, which is consistent with our 
stated objective that over an extended period of time cash flow from operations will approximate non-GAAP net 
income. And even though we are on target for the full-year for achieving cash flows, in this quarter they were 
somewhat less than what we achieved in recent quarters. 

There were two primary reasons. The first was that the transition of our Dictaphone business from Bond to Oracle did 
cause some continuing problems with timely and effective invoicing in the quarter. Second, because the fiscal fourth 
quarter spans the summer months, it is a quarter in which revenues are more heavily weighted towards the third month, 
September. We expect cash flows in December to be strong and to achieve our stated objective for the fiscal 2008 of 
cash flows approximating non-GAAP net income. 

DSOs net of deferred maintenance revenues were 47 days versus 37 days last quarter. Depreciation was 3.6 million and 
capital expenditures were approximately 3.8 million. We exited the quarter with unrestricted cash and marketable 
securities of approximately 187 million. 

And now I'll turn the call back over to Paul. 

Paul Ricci, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Jamie. As I mentioned earlier, based upon the momentum with which we exited 2007, we're optimistic about 
our opportunities in performance in 2008. In our enterprise network speech business, we expect revenues to benefit 
from new applications within our portfolio including customer analytics, speaker verification, open call steering and 


vertical applications. We will continue making significant technology investments in natural language and dialogue 
management and to expand our tools portfolio. 

Within our on-demand solutions, we will accelerate efforts in serving the wireless carrier market and take our 
on-demand solutions more pervasively into enterprises. And for the first time, we will introduce multimodal solutions 
for customer care based on these on-demand offerings and our mobile infrastructure. We anticipate further revenue 
growth from our participation in ad-supported DA markets and through other forms of voice search and connected 
services in conjunction with telecommunication carriers and Internet services firms. 

Within our mobile business, revenue growth should benefit from strong demand across a multitude of platforms from 
handsets to automobiles to personal navigation devices. Nuance software will ship on more than 800 million mobile 
devices in 2008 positioning Nuance as one of the largest providers of mobile software. Through a sustained series of 
design wins, Nuance will be in more cars than ever before with highly visible deployments in Mercedes and a dozen 
Ford models in the Ford Sync project, and we are poised to capture a new wave of opportunity in the P&D market as 
customers like TomTom go beyond text-to-speech and add voice entry to their devices. 

Our mobile R&D investments are targeted at sustaining the rapid level of innovation market leadership demands. We 
are targeting further improvements in natural language understanding from mobile and embedded platforms. We are 
linking these mobile platforms to additional connected services and we are continuing investments in the next 
generation of multimodality toward a vision better ubiquitous interfaces on mobile devices. 

Within our Dictaphone unit, we will continue to improve our position to capitalize on opportunities in healthcare. We 
intend to expand further our investments in sales and services personnel to pursue the growing demand we see for 
speech enabled dictation solutions. We will invest in resources to further accelerate our iChart hosting business and will 
introduce new versions of our on-premise and specialty dictation solutions. 

We expect our Dragon Medical product line to play an increasingly important role especially in the integration with 
EMR solutions and our recent acquisitions of Vocada and Commissure will further extend our value in radiology where 
Nuance already has a significant presence. Outside of healthcare, we will introduce new versions of our desktop 
dictation solutions and substantially increase our expenditures in marketing. We will increase investments in channels 
in e-commerce that we believe will further drive growth. And to take advantage of growing interest among consumers 
we will pursue new marketing activities such as appearance on QVC and our first significant television advertising with 
ads for Dragon on popular cable channels during the holiday season. 

Within our PDF and Document Imaging business we will focus primarily on our PDF family of solutions where we'll 
prepare new versions of our PDF suite. We also expect to benefit from deepening our OEM relationships with several 
important partners including Xerox and HP and will expand our sales investment in pursuit of large, multi-seed licenses 
for our enterprise applications. 

In discussing our financial guidance, we remind investors of our three primary objectives. First, to achieve 20% organic 
growth before the effects of acquisitions. Second, to improve our non-GAAP operating margins by about 2 points year 
and third, to achieve cash flows from operations approximating non--GAAP net income. While our guidance for this 
year will indicate we expect to substantially achieve these objectives, we want to remind investors there are risks 
associated with our acquisitions. Nuance focuses dedicated personnel and processes intended to minimize these 
integration risks, but we encourage investors to be mindful of them nonetheless. 

Please also note that as our sales over the next year bundle revenues from our existing products and services with 
acquired products and services clearly delineating to investors our organic revenue growth may become more 
challenging. With this in mind let me turn to specific guidance. Last August we provided guidance for our non-GAAP 
revenues of 850 to 875 million. We now anticipate non-GAAP revenues in the range of 875 to 900 million. This 
embodies organic growth of 18 to 19% plus revenues from recent acquisitions. Based on our experiences now with 
about 20 acquisitions in recent years, we are estimating revenues from acquired companies somewhat cautiously in the 
early periods as we complete the integration and record our early experience we'll adjust these estimates as appropriate. 


We expect GAAP revenues for the fiscal year 2008, excluding the effect of purchase accounting from recent 
acquisitions will be in the range of 840 to 865 million. Growth in operating expenses this year will comprise significant 
increases in sales while retargeting the net hiring of nearly a hundred personnel and in R&D where we will make even 
greater head count increases. In addition to the product investments outlined earlier, we are targeting continued 
investments in our language portfolio, especially for rapidly growing market outside of North America and in 
technology and research, to ensure we can sustain our leadership position. We also expect increases in promotional 
marketing expenses associated with the increased awareness of our products and solutions and we anticipate growth in 
legal and financial professional fees. 

For the full fiscal year, our gross margin should remain relatively flat with comparison to fiscal year 2007. With these 
considerations in mind, we are raising our non-GAAP earnings estimate, slightly from our previous outlook and 
expected now to be in the range of 0.77 to $0.82 for the full year. On a GAAP basis, we expect a net loss between 10 
and $0.15. 

Let me turn lastly to our first quarter guidance. We expect to benefit in the quarter from our participation from the 
diverse set of speech solutions market. We see opportunity for particular strength in our on-demand enterprise sales, 
owing to the increased traffic during the holiday season, and our embedded business owing to the active product cycles 
among our automotive, handset and navigation device partners. In addition, the period will include a full quarter of 
Voice Signal and Tegic revenues. 

We expect continued year-over-year growth in healthcare, owing to the investments we made in expanding our sales 
and services team into the growing demand for our iChart hosted solutions. Within imaging, we expect to see some 
benefit from the OmniPage 16 launch, but not of the magnitude of the past quarter. Please also keep in mind that we 
expect only very modest revenues from Vocada, Commissure and Vicar which would close later in the quarter. 

With these factors in mind, we expect non-GAAP revenues to be in the range of 197 to 203 million and GAAP 
revenues to be in the range of 187 to 193 million, the difference owing to purchase accounting for recent acquisitions. 
Expenses in the first quarter will be influenced by continued hiring in sales and R&D. Also as with previous years, 
please be advised that we incurred substantial marketing expenses in the first quarter, including those associated with 
our annual sales meetings and user conference, Conversations, which combined runs between 2 and 3 million. 

Additionally, we are initiating in this quarter a substantial advertising campaign in support of our Dragon product line 
with the objective of accelerating its growth in the coming year. With these factors taken into account, we expect a 
GAAP loss between$0.06 and $0.07 in the first fiscal quarter and non-GAAP earnings in the range of 0.17 to $0.18. 

This ends our formal remarks and we're now happy to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Great. Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question then this morning comes from the line of 
Richard Davis with Needham. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Richard Davis, Jr.>: Hi, thank you very much, Paul. I know -- I realize that you are in a lot of segments, but 
when I kind of think about how your company has evolved over this decade, the gating issues to growth in my opinion 
has been kind of processor speed of the products you put your products in, process functionality, the number of sales 
people and kind of cultural inertia of your customers, is that -- has that evolved and then out of -- in with regard this 
coming year and next year, which of these are kind of the least and the most challenging in terms of how you are 
addressing kind of access to markets? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, the -- I think you're right that when you say processor speed, maybe we could generalize from 
that to the broad -- the availability of computing infrastructure and the growing capabilities of the speech software 
itself. I think that that vector has always been an important determinant of the growth and I view that as something that 


will continue. I don't think it's a discontinuous path. So, I think we have seen real gains year by year over the last six 
years. And I think we will continue to see gains in that. You mentioned as well our sales capacity and clearly the 
investments there have been important over the last year and will continue to be important. 

And that's challenging only in that of course it's expensive. So we -- as I talked about our expenses in this quarter and 
this year, I emphasized our sales growth because our continuing movement towards selling solutions, particularly 
solutions to our enterprise customers and the kind of complex mobile solutions that we are selling to carriers do require 
significant additional sales expenses. And in some cases investments along side the customer well in advance of 
revenues. So I think that's a very important -- challenge that we continue to face. One thing that does seem to have 
eased considerably over the years, is the cultural element. And I think that mobility in particular has really enabled -has 
facilitated that change. There is so much interest in mobile access to all kinds of applications in all of our markets 
that I think that has partly just increased the – lowered the cultural barrier along with just the general awareness now in 
speech. I hope that was a reasonable answer to your question. 

<Q - Richard Davis, Jr.>: That was good. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Tom Roderick with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay thanks. Thanks very much, good morning. The Recognizer 9-product cycle certainly 
seems to be contributing here pretty nicely. You're up 26% year-on-year organically in network speech. Can you just 
talk about where you think you are in that product cycle? And maybe just to build on Richard's last question, where 
within that sales force you feel like you need to invest to capture more of the demand there? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: With respect to product cycle, let me say this. We have some products, and the Dragon product is a 
good example of this or OmniPage, where the launch of a new product has a quick and highly noticeable swing in 
product revenue. Of course our enterprise solution is – Recognizer, Nuance 9 – is not really like that. We're talking 
about solutions that we deploy to large firms in their customer care centers. And so it's a much more, I think it is a 
much more evolutionary cycle. And rather than thinking of it as a cycle, I think what we have learned in the past is that 
each iteration of that engine, each advance in that engine enables simply, effectively increases the available market, 
because it makes the technology more – it increases return investment in those large enterprises. And helps to move us 
along in terms of product adoption of companies that might be relatively laggard adopters of evolving technologies. So 
I don't think of it so much as a product cycle as really enabling a new level of market availability. And I am sorry, there 
was another part of your question and I've forgotten it. 

<Q - Richard Davis>: I think that largely answers the question around Recognizer 9, maybe just a brief follow-up if I 
could, turning to operating margins, your guidance assumption here calls for flat margins. I think previously you had 
talked about looking for margins to be up a little bit here for the coming year? So can you talk about maybe what has 
changed in your outlook as far as what's encouraging you to invest more heavily into the business, are we at an 
inflection point in demand that you need to capture? And within that, if you could just repeat your Q1 non-GAAP EPS 
guidance? That will be helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Okay. With respect operating margins, I think we gave guidance of operating margins for the full 
year of 25 and I think that compares to last year 23 although if I am mistaken on that, Jamie should correct me. But 
you're probably referring to full year operating margins as compared to the most recent quarter and that is true, they are 
flat. We are -- of course, as I said earlier, our long-term objective, financial objective as we've discussed with investors 
has been a couple of points improvement per year. I think we are being very mindful this year of the need to sustain 
investments particularly in sales and engineering. In sales, because we have found that our increases in our direct sales 
representation into large enterprises into carriers and with our partners in the various devices that we integrate into is an 
extremely effective enabler of revenue. 


So we feel that the time and because we see evidence of the demand we -- and I should have mentioned healthcare by 
the way – where the correlation between the increase in sales personnel and revenue growth has been quite strong. I 
think we just see the demand as motivating us to want to seize that opportunity and therefore to make those investments 
in sales. 

And as you know, the sales investments which all come in front of revenues, in R&D, as I mentioned, we enjoy the 
benefits of a diverse set of markets, but that does bring with it a quite a broad set of requirements in terms of 
engineering investments and there are really quite attractive investments we believe for investors particularly over a 
two or three year period as we think about the advancements in mobility that continued promise of healthcare as well as 
the new application that we are developing for our customer care and enterprise solutions. 

<Q - Richard Davis>: Great. And if you could just repeat the Q1 non-GAAP EPS guidance? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Non-GAAP EPS for Q1 was 0.17 to $0.18. 

<Q - Richard Davis>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thanks. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Van Rhee with Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Paul in the 875 to 900 million guidance, did you mention how 
much was related or would you relate it to Viecore or Vocada? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I always said was that they are relatively modest revenues from all three Vocada and Commissure 
are of course fairly small businesses in themselves and Viecore closes sufficiently late in the quarter that we wouldn't 
expect significant contribution. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: In the quarter, but I'm talking about the year. So it closes late in the quarter but --? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: No, I didn't. I am sorry. I didn't break out how much they contribute. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I'm sorry. What I did say was that organic, the implied organic growth in that -- the embodied 
organic growth in the 875 to 900 is I think 18 to 19%. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. So that's Commissure share of Viecore and Vocada? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: So remember, we define organic growth is being those revenues for businesses we have not owned 
for -- we've owned for more than a full year. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Right. Okay. All right. And then on the guidance as well, for year versus past, did you say gross 
margins you were looking for '08 versus '07 to be flat? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Relatively flat, yes. There are a number of elements, factors contributing some of them contributing 
upwardly and some of them downwardly may be. We're seeing continued gains in our efficiencies and our cost of 
goods. But the overall mix towards services does weigh against that. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. All right. And then Jamie, on the DSO front, you bring on different businesses so it's hard 
to follow the continuity in the DSOs and certainly a bump this quarter as we got a part of quarter revenue from Voice 
Signal and Tegic and we got all the receivables, any thoughts on where that trends in the next quarter too? 

<A - James Arnold>: It's -- I expect it's going to be in the high 70's on a gross basis. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. Great. And then just two last questions. Paul the network speech enterprise has shown 
pretty steady accelerations through the year, really seem to have hit your momentum. Do you think that acceleration 


can continue into next year or these kind of the growth, growth rates to expect I guess for a sort of stabilize at this high 
level? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: No, I wouldn't anticipate further acceleration of growth in network. I think, one looks back over the 
last several years, it's a growth rate that seems to be, I think, probably headed for 20 years is in or perhaps slightly 
better growth, but I don't want to indicate significant increases over that and I think the evidence we have of long 
deployment cycles, long sales cycle weigh against that. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. And then lastly I guess just on that same topic. I mean you certainly just come a long, 
long way obviously in a handful of years, but if you look at the network side in particular, where do you think you're in 
the game in the evolution of that market just in terms of penetration of available ports or available opportunities. How 
do you think about that? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: As I've said in previous calls, we think we're very early on in the penetration of almost all of our 
markets and that includes customer care and the network market. The penetration in North America is somewhat higher 
than in international markets but even so it's still well less than 20%. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. All right, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Shyam Patil with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Yes, good morning. You recently announced entry into the context and analytics space, Paul, 
could you just provide some thoughts on that part of the market, what type of growth driver could this be in the future 
and what kind of adoption are you seeing today? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Oh, it's early on. So I think you should think of it as with a number of the other application elements 
we sell in the network space as part of a comprehensive solution. As we have taken -- as our business has evolved, our 
large customers often want us to provide additional capabilities around the core technology. We see analytics as part of 
that. There is no question analytics is important to helping large companies optimize their call centers. I think it is early 
on to say much specifically about it though. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: All right. And then, when you look at this most recent quarter and you exclude Tegic and 
VoiceSignal, was there organic improvement in margins across all the segments? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Sorry, ask the question one more time. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: When you look at the fourth quarter and you exclude the margin improvement related to the 
VoiceSignal and Tegic, was there organic improvement in margins across all the segments? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: But we don't give margins by segments. So I think it would be impossible for me to answer that 
question. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Okay. And then when you look at the updated guidance in terms of increasing it by 
one-percentage point, was there any specific source for that increase, or is it more broad-based? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: No, it really was a compilation of adjustments in the various markets. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Okay. And then with the combination of VoiceSignal and Tegic, and the fact that handset 
manufacturers are sort of most part going through a pretty rough patch, what are your expectations for pricing on the 
embedded side? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, as I said before, I think that in that business, we would expect to see pricing pressure and we 
plan on pricing pressure. The way to avoid the effects of that of course is to continue rapid innovations so that the new 
versions of products and additional applications offset those pricing pressures, and that of course partly relates to the 


discussion in my comments about the investments in the mobile space to maintain leadership. I think that we have 
talked about that in previous quarters, but I don't see anything. I don't see anything new in that respect beyond those 
terms. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Okay. And then just lastly, could you just talk generally about what you are seeing from your 
addressable, addressable financial services portion that market, and roughly what percent of your network business 
comes from that market? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I don't have an accurate number for your last question, and rather than give you a casual one, I think 
I should -- I just won't try and respond to the precise number. But it is an important vertical to financial services, it's 
one of three or four of the major verticals in which we sell -- primarily sell. We did -- we had a good business in that 
vertical in the fourth quarter. There were a couple of deals that were in the pipeline that were estimated to close by 
various sales teams that didn't close but, I couldn't give you any particular pattern. I don't -- it's not an area that I see a 
lot of risk in. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Daniel Ives with Friedman, Billings, Ramsey. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Yes, in regards to linearity of business, you also get a strong September, can you just talk about 
maybe month-through-month -- what you saw, I mean and maybe talk about the month of October in regards to how 
that has trended so far? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: We can't talk about October. This is -- I'm sorry, I can't speak to October. I don't have the numbers 
for the month -- for each month. September is an unusually large month as third months go, because August -- because 
so many sales are deferred during the vacation period in August. I don't have a specific number for you though. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Okay. And then could you just talk about what has happened on the healthcare side of the business, 
I mean just trends, I mean that as been a healthy part of your business, what do you think is kind of spurring growth? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I think there is considerable pressure on healthcare institutions and hospitals to reduce cost. There is 
lot of attention to that and we read about it every day of course. And I also think that the technology is evolved, so that 
the -- it is a compelling way to address costs, and given the marriage of those two things -- the pressure on to reduce 
costs and the availability of the technology that has established its viability of doing that, it has just become a much 
easier -- it is a much easier sale. I also think that we've found that our services and sales team into large hospitals has 
been particularly effective as the investments there have just – have worked quite well for us. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Okay. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. Paul, if you could just comment, as it relates to visibility on '08, I think last quarter, you 
had mentioned that you had fairly high visibility, based on signed contracts or design wins from existing clients. I guess 
I'm just curious how to reconcile, your deferred revenue has been flat and it's only grown modestly. Yet, your visibility 
is high. So -- I guess how do you reconcile the difference in terms of what we're seeing in deferred, or are these 
customers being billed quarterly or -- what's behind the scenes in terms of giving you confidence in that visibility, 
because from our perspective, it's hard to see, as it relates to your balance sheet? 


<A - Paul Ricci>: Yes. Well of course there are number of factors that contribute to our visibility and confidence in the 
year. Remember that a significant part of our revenues come from OEM royalties, and although there is -- they are not 
deferred revenues. They are long-term contracts and we have the benefit of a great deal of history on many of them, 
and also just the statistical averaging of several hundred of them. So our ability to estimate those and the revenue 
projections around them has -- is reasonably good. We have of course a significant maintenance services business and 
that has continued to grow, particularly in the enterprise and healthcare space. And as I mentioned earlier, we also have 
-- we participate in a relatively diverse set of markets. And so we have some protection against exposure to any 
particular segment. Someone asked earlier about financial services for example. So although deferred revenues are not 
a particularly important part of our business model, nonetheless, I think our general visibility has increased, in part 
because in the quarter enterprise licenses are not such a large part of our overall revenue mix. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Okay. And as it relates to Viecore, most of the software industry is trying to shed services assets 
off? You guys are bringing one on. I am curious in terms of you could just update us on the rationale and what you saw 
as that the need to make a move on a -- what we consider a fairly sizeable acquisition? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, we will have time to speak to other companies thinking, I can only say that our view has been 
that our customers are asking us to take greater responsibility for a broader solution, including more and more 
application elements, and including the services to ensure the success of the full integration of those applications into 
their existing and evolving contacts center, and customer care systems. And Viecore is terrifically skilled at doing that. 
And I have to say the early reception from some of our large customers from our ability to do that seems to be quite 
promising. So although the acquisition hasn't even closed yet, I think corroboration from our customer feedback about 
our ability to provide them that broader solution is quite reassuring. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question then comes from the line of Mark Murphy with Broadpoint. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mark Murphy>: Thank you, Paul. What level of debt load or coverage ratios are you comfortable with moving 
forward? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, as I think we have said in the past, our current debt is I think the maximum that we would 
want to incur at the current -- in our existing revenues and cash flows. I don't anticipate us taking on meaningful 
amounts of debt in the near or medium term, beyond what we already have. 

<Q - Mark Murphy>: As a follow-up. How will the launch of the next-generation Dictaphone products play out 
moving forward? Is there any update on the timing of the releases, and how do you think that that would effect your 
customers buying behavior? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well we haven't made any announcements about our product launches that we -- we don't 
pre-announce products. I don't see a significant effect upon -- if you're asking about whether it will cause delays in our 
sales, I don't anticipate that. 

<Q - Mark Murphy>: And Paul, how about on the Automated Directory Assistance trends? Can you estimate what is 
the recent revenue run rate there for Nuance? And possibly walk us through what the growth trajectory could look like 
for the next couple of years? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: We don't give revenues by those sub segments. So I can't give you that number. I can say that, as I 
said in my comments, the area of Ad-Supported Directory Assistance and the associated applications that go with that 
has been growing quite well for us, and I think we are going to continue to grow quite well, both from domestic 
deployments that we have already announced and from deployments for that are coming here outside of North 
America, which I think seem to me to be equally promising. I think that is just going to become a more significant part 
of how people get directory assistance information. So, well I think it is a rapidly growing segment, I wouldn't want to 


give you a specific revenue numbers. 

<Q - Mark Murphy>: Paul, you have -- you have today for us estimated your unit penetration into the handset market, 
next year is it possible for you to do the same thing in terms of automated vehicles or your embedded? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: It is possible, but I don't have those numbers here and again, I don't want to give you a casual 
answer. We have enjoyed real growth in that business from design wins over the last several years, and we have had a 
particularly strong 12 or 18 months of design wins, as we look over the last year. So I think we are going to continue to 
see robust growth. But it is still a relatively small speech deployments, still a relatively small fraction of total 
automobile sales? 

<Q - Mark Murphy>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thanks. And our next question comes then from the line of Yun Kim with Pacific Growth Equities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Thank you. Can you just give us where you are guys in the process of with the Google Open 
Handheld Alliance (sic) [Open Handset Alliance] and if you can do this or not, but can you share with us any near-term 
milestones regarding your efforts there? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I would really -- I can't say anything more that what we have said publicly. I don't know -- I don't 
really have much more to add to what we have already said. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Okay. Great. And then in the press release, you guys have broken out the mobile search and 
communications, separately in terms of making comments about of the each individual business segment's 
performance. Can we expect more specific breakout with numbers going forward for the new fiscal year, or is that just 
a one-time data that you guys said? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, we are trying to provide a bit more granularity. I don't know if we are going to break it out 
each -- I don't know if we are going to provide anything additional to what we have done this quarter. We will probably 
provide the same level of granularity we have this quarter. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Okay, great. And then in terms of the continued R&D investments in your mobile, and voice search 
businesses, do you also see any investment that's required in your consulting services to support some of the 
implementation efforts, or on your customers in mobile and voice search projects, or would that just be part of your 
R&D efforts you talked about? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: No I think that's already comprehended in our investments. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Okay. And then lastly, Jamie, in terms of cash flow from operations, would it safe to assume that it 
would set up in Q1, or is there any dynamics that we should be aware of in Q1? 

<A - James Arnold>: You should expect it to trend up in Q1. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Okay. And then also same thing with deferred revenue balance, right? Sequentially? 

<A - James Arnold>: It will come up also. 

<Q - Yun Kim>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our last question then today comes from the line of John Bright with Avondale Partners. Please go 
ahead. 


<Q - John Bright>: Thank you, Paul. Your acquisition strategy in fiscal year '07 largely in the embedded and the 
mobile search and communications arena, do you feel comfortable with the assets that you have in that arena now, and 
as you look forward to fiscal year '08, where should we expect your acquisition appetite to reside? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I can't really speculate on future acquisitions in any detail. We have -- we have done a fair number 
recently, and I wouldn't expect them to continue quite at the pace they have over the last six months. But we could 
continue to do acquisitions, depending on the opportunities and the prices available in the market. And it would be -- it 
wouldn't be customary for me to try and talk specifically about the areas. 

<Q - John Bright>: Would it be fair to characterize that you -- if you're looking at acquisitions, you are likely more 
focused on the enterprise side, and the healthcare dictation and transcription sides? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I guess you didn't like the first answer. 

<Q - John Bright>: Well, you know. 

<A - Paul Ricci>: No, really I can't say anything more. 

<Q - John Bright>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thanks, then. And at this time then, we have concluded the question-and-answer session. 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Okay, then. Thank you everyone again for joining us this quarter. We look forward to talking to you 
again next quarter. Take care. 

Operator 

Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and 
for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


