Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Paul Ricci, Chief Executive Officer 
• James R. Arnold Jr, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
• Company Representative 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Nuance Fourth Quarter 2006 Financial Results 
Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, the 
conference is being recorded. 

With us today, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Nuance, Mr. Paul Ricci and the Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Jamie Arnold. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ricci. Please go ahead sir. 

Paul Ricci, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Before we begin, I need to remind everyone 
that the matters we are discussing this afternoon include predictions, estimates, expectations and other forward-looking 
statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. 
You should refer to our recent SEC filings for a detailed list of risk factors. 

Nuance recorded in our fourth quarter what we believe was a very strong conclusion to 2006, a year of considerable 
evolution and accomplishment for the company. We completed the year with earnings for the quarter and for the year 
above our expectations. Revenues for the fourth quarter were well above our expectations and for the full year were in 
the middle of the guidance that we provided last February. Although we do not give cash flow guidance, we do believe 
that cash flows for the fourth quarter and the full year exceeded most investor expectations. 

Looking beyond our financial performance, Nuance advanced its competitive position and increased its market share in 
nearly all its key markets. We expanded our channel presence in addition to our global sales, services, and R&D 
resources. We achieved rapid growth in the increasingly important Asian market and we made important investments 
and achieved early milestones in the new area of mobile search communications. Finally, we completed this year the 
integration of the Former Nuance and made substantial progress on the integration of the more recently acquired 
Dictaphone. 

Turning first to the fourth quarter. As noted, revenues, earnings, cash flows in the quarters were well above our 
expectations. From our press release this afternoon, you'll see we recorded Q4 non-GAAP revenue of 133.2 million in 
the quarter, which includes approximately 5 million of revenue from Dictaphone that was lost to purchase accounting 
in accordance with the treatment we discussed previously. Excluding these revenues, on a GAAP basis, revenue was 

128.2 million for the quarter. Non-GAAP revenues grew by 115%. Excluding revenues from Dictaphone and the 
Former Nuance, revenues grew by 29% in the quarter. 
Our revenue performance derived from the sustained growth across most of our major product lines. First, in our 
Network Enterprise Speech Solutions, which address primarily the market of customer, care, revenues were $36 
million, up 42% over the same quarter last year. Importantly, license revenues associated with the product line of the 
Former Nuance were up more than 30% as compared with their low point in the fiscal second quarter of 2006. 


Excluding revenues from the Former Nuance, Network Revenues in the quarter grew by about 17%. In this quarter, the 
enterprise teams secured several important designed wins and expanded customer implementations with companies 
such as Charles Schwab, Fidelity Investments, Vodafone, GE Financial Services, Air France and Japan Airlines. 

The quarter included several strategic initiatives as well, as we launched partnerships to strengthen our offerings is 
speech analytics and secured a major purchase with the US telecommunications carrier in this area. In addition, we 
launched a new initiative for the Nuance Speaker Verification Technology, a multi-factor authentication in response to 
the recommendations of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council. 

Over the course of the last year we began to speak increasingly to our efforts in Search and Communications, an area 
within Network Speech and in the fourth quarter Nuance again made additional progress in this market. We've 
expanded our Search and Communications business group comprising dedicated sales, marketing, and technical 
resources to address the opportunities in this space. We experienced continued revenue growth to expand the trials of 
our Nuance mobile services and within directory assistance through customers, such as Jingle Networks and the 
growing success of it its free ad driven service. Swisscom though its new trilingual application and Telus where we've 
established exciting new benchmarks for DA automation rate. 

And finally we were pleased that we completed a network licensing agreement with a large internet search firm in the 
quarter. For the full fiscal year 2006, Network Revenues were 142.9 million, up 57% from 90.8 million in the pervious 
year. Excluding revenues from the former Nuance, Network revenue grew by about 20% for the full year. 

Within our Embedded Solutions, we again experienced sequential quarter growth to new record levels, which has now 
recurred in six of the last eight quarters. Embedded revenues in the fourth quarter reached 10.8 million, up 41% from 
Q4 a year ago. We saw strength within handsets, automotive, and handheld navigation units. We secured a significant 
contract with a major handset supplier in Asia Pacific and produced solid results within automotive through continued 
success in benchmark testing, competitive bids and key design wins. In the quarter we signed new or expanded 
contracts with Hyundai, Nokia, T-Mobile, Philip, Semiconductor, Mitsubishi Electronic, Samsung and Toyota. 

For the fiscal year 2006 Embedded revenues totaled 36.5 million, up 37% from fiscal year 2005. And as we had 
anticipated, our Dragon 9 launch continued handsomely to our revenues in the fourth quarter. The introduction and 
subsequent sales and marketing activity around Dragon 9 marked the most successful product launch in Nuance's 
history. Additionally, Dragon medical revenues targeted healthcare institutions were exceptionally strong, up more than 
a 100% over the same quarter last year. This growth compares with 56% growth in Dragon medical in Q3 over the 
previous Q3. You'll recall that the Dragon medical revenues were disappointing in Q2 of this year in the wake of 
customer uncertainty following the Dictaphone announcement. So, we are comfortable now in confirming that indeed 
the second quarter was as we had previously thought a transitory phenomenon. 

In total, our Dragon product line produced revenues of 21.3 million in the quarter, up more than a 100% from Q4 a year 
ago. Dragon sales were clearly strong across all channels and in multiple markets. Reviews of the product have been 
outstanding already surpassing those of Dragon, A which in their own way were quite impressive. We will continue to 
see significant demand within key professional segments and we will speak later about how we plan to capitalize on 
that interest. 

For fiscal year 2006 dictation revenues excluding Dictaphone were 58.8 million, up 26% from the FY '05 total of 46.7 
million. Within Dictaphone we achieved revenues of 47.5 million exceeding our expectations for the quarter. Perhaps 
more importantly, Dictaphone performed well across both existing and new customers in delivering this performance. 
The team signed multi-million dollar extended term contracts within the quarter continuing to fuel very rapid growth in 
our iChart posted revenue platform revenues. Although not all our healthcare revenue streams are growing as quickly 
as the iChart posted platform revenues, it's worth noting that iChart is now the largest product revenue stream in 
healthcare and for the four quarters ending September 30 grew more than a 100% over the previous four quarter 
revenues. 

For the six months just ended, Dictaphone revenues were approximately $91 million meaningfully above the range of 
80 to 85 million we projected at the time of the acquisition was announced. 


Overall, I am quite please that how Dictaphone is settled into the organization. Our integration efforts are on or ahead 
of target with synergies tracking slightly ahead of plan. In just two quarters we've defined a comprehensive product 
portfolio, further differentiated and enhanced our solutions and identified additional areas of R&D, sales, and service 
investment that will allow us to accelerate our efforts in this market. Our performance with Dictaphone we believe 
validates the enormous opportunity in healthcare dictation and provides additional confidence in our operations as we 
target new areas and accelerate growth. 

Imaging revenues in the quarter were 17.5 million, down 6% from the same quarter a year ago. Please note that the 
fiscal quarter of 2005 benefited from revenues associated with the launch of Omni Page 14. An important bright spot in 
imaging was the continued strong results from our PDF product family for which revenues were up more than 60% 
from the same quarter last year. Even when looking at the full year for PDF revenues, they are up by about one-third 
over the prior year and growing faster therefore than the overall PDF market. Full year revenues for imaging were 72.5 
million, up 6% over the previous year of 68.1 million. 

Operating margins in the fourth quarter were about 25%, reflecting the over achievement in license revenues, the 
continued improvement in our network services gross margins, the contribution of our growing maintenance and 
support streams and operating expenses in the quarter essentially on budget. 

Importantly of course these results do reflect the ongoing synergies of both Nuance and the Dictaphone acquisitions. 

I will move now to comment about the full fiscal year. Revenues for fiscal year 2006 were 401.5 million on a 
non-GAAP basis, which compares with full year guidance of 395 to 410 million including Dictaphone. Revenue 
growth was a bit more than 72%. Excluding revenues from the Former Nuance and Dictaphone, full year revenue 
growth was about 20%. In order of absolute contribution increased revenues for the full year '02 Dictaphone, the 
Former Nuance, growth in Network revenues, growth in Dragon revenues, growth in PDF, and growth in Embedded 
revenues. 

We believe that the diversification of our market for our revenue stream is an important consideration for investors a 
point to which I'll return later in the FY '07 guidance. Operating margins improved substantially for the full year from 
approximately 11% in FY '05 to 21% in FY '06. This compares favorably with our post Dictaphone guidance of about 
19%. Cash flows, which have been a point of considerable discussion with our investors and the analyst, were also a 
bright spot in the quarter exceeding $27 million in the quarter and $47 million for the full year. 

Jamie will provide more detail and what contributed to improvements in our operating margins and cash flow and cash 
flows. 

I want to say that the fourth quarter and the full year were exceptional in many ways for Nuance and I would be remiss 
not to acknowledge the commitment of our nearly 2000 employees and their focus on our performance. Together we 
ended 2006 on a strong note and enthusiastically began 2007 with an unprecedented subset of assets and momentum. 
But before I discuss that in greater detail, I want to turn the call over to Jamie. 

James R. Arnold Jr, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon everybody. As Paul indicated, Nuance GAAP revenues in the quarter were 128.2 
million, up 107% over the same period in 2005. Our GAAP revenues exclude approximately 5 million of revenues 
there were lost to purchasing accounting in conjunction with the Dictaphone acquisition. This revenue loss was across 
all revenue categories including license, professional services, maintenance and posted services. But, these revenues 
included and the way we review management performance, Nuance non-GAAP revenues were up 133.2 million for the 
quarter. 

In addition to using GAAP results, we believe it's useful to measure performance using certain non-GAAP measures. 
Our non-GAAP measure for revenues including Dictaphone's revenues lost to purchase accounting. Our non-GAAP 
measure of net income or loss excluded acquisition, transaction, and integration cost and that is applicable non-cash 
taxes, interest, and stock-based compensation, amortization and impairment of intangible assets and restructuring and 


other charges. We also remind you that these un-auditing results are subject to change until we file our 10-K. 

Total GAAP Speech revenue was 110.7 million. Non-GAAP Speech revenue 115.8 million, which included 36 million 
in Network revenue, 10.8 million in Embedded revenue, and approximately 69 million in Dictation revenue. Imaging 
revenue was 17.5 million. GAAP product revenue was 73.6 million, non-GAAP product revenue was 78 million, up 

32.5 million from the 45.5 million of a year ago. 
GAAP professional services revenue including subscription and hosted applications was 26.3 million. Non-GAAP 
professional services revenue was 27.8 million, up 15.6 million compared to 12.2 million for the same period last year. 
GAAP maintenance and support revenue was 28.3 million. Non-GAAP maintenance and support revenue was 27.5 
million, up 23.2 million from 4.3 million a year ago. North American revenue accounted for approximately 79% of 
total revenue in Q4 2006 compared to 71% in the same period a year ago. The increase is largely attributable to 
Dictaphone-related products, which drag the majority of revenue from North America. 

On a GAAP basis, Nuance recognized a net loss of 6.7 million or $0.04 a share in the quarter, compared with net loss 
of 7.7 million, or $0.06 per basic share for the comparable period in fiscal 2005. Using a non-GAAP measure, net 
income was 26.4 million or $0.14 per diluted share in the quarter compared with 5.6 million or $0.04 per share a year 
ago. Cost of revenue in the quarter was approximately 28% of revenue for a gross margin of 72%, a 2.5 point decline 
from one year ago and owing to the revenue mix within Dictaphone which includes a higher proportion of hardware 
within product revenue. Please note that these gross margins exclude acquisition-related amortization. 

Product gross margins were 83% in the quarter as compared to 88% in the comparable quarter of fiscal 2005. This 
change owes primarily to the inclusion of Dictaphone revenue which product gross margins were lower than Nuance. 
Gross margins for Professional Services were 36% in the quarter as compared to 31% in the same period of last year. 
Maintenance margins were 76% in the quarter as compared to 62% in the same period of last year. These 
improvements in margins were primarily to contributions for maintenance revenues from the former Nuance and from 
Dictaphone. These gross margins numbers again exclude acquisition-related amortization and stock-based 
compensation. The company has chosen to not update a minor Windows based product resulting in a non-cash charge 
of approximately $2.5 million. This charge is included in the cost of revenue from amortization of intangibles. 

Within operating expenses, the costs discussed below exclude certain items including transition and integration cost. 
Please see reconciliation on our website. R&D was approximately 15.6 million or 12% of revenue versus 9.7 million or 
16% of revenue a year ago. The increase in absolute dollars can be attributed to additional head count throughout our 
product lines. Sales and marketing spending was 35.7 million or 27% of revenue as compared to 21.2 million or 34% of 
revenue a year ago. This increase corresponds to large infusion of additional sales employees from the Dictaphone 
acquisition and to a lesser extent the Nuance acquisition as well as the expansion of sales personnel and marketing 
programs associated with our other product lines. 

General and administrative expenses were 10.6 million or 8% of revenue as compared to 9.7 million or 16% of revenue 
in the same quarter last year. The increase in dollars is due to additional employees supporting the larger business as 
well as additional professional fees. 

Turning to the balance sheet. The company generated cash from operation this quarter of approximately 27 million, 
based on strong operating performance, improvement in DSO, and better management of cash outflows. DSOs net of 
deferred revenues were 45 days versus 47 days last quarter. Depreciation was 2.2 million and capital expenditures were 
approximately 3.3 million. 

We exited the quarter with unrestricted cash and marketable securities of approximately 112 million. And now, I'll turn 
the call back over to Paul. 

Paul Ricci, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Jamie. As suggested in my earlier comments, we believe we've entered 2007 from a position of increased 
strength and superior position in our core speech markets. Furthermore, we see evidence in our own sales pipelines and 


backlog reports, as speech-enabled solutions are more swiftly entering the mainstream to a wide variety of vertical 
markets, applications, and devices. Thus we continue to expect robust growth from our core markets and intent to target 
additional opportunity in our highest growth segments, especially in serving the needs of mobility and hosted solutions. 

As in the past, we will continue to pursue these market with the solutions orientation by which we mean core 
technologies, market-specific applications, and complementary services. Although, we've not historically provided 
growth projections for our individual business lines, we do want to speak to growth expectations for the Network 
business line because of the number of questions asked to us by our investors. 

During 2007 we expect to see growth in our Network business which primarily serves large enterprises in 
telecommunications, financial services, travel, hospitality and other verticals, we expect to see growth in this business 
rebound to rates we experienced prior to the Nuance acquisition of about 25%. 

We believe that the transitional issues related to the Former Nuance have settled out, and as mentioned earlier we saw 
evidence of this within the pattern of license revenues and improving strength of the sales pipeline. As we enter 2007, 
we are also expanding our enterprise sales team worldwide in support of this growth objective. 

And early in calendar year 2007 we will introduce the next generation of our core technology code name Quantum, 
which represents the most ambitious product investment yet at Nuance. Quantum promises new accuracy levels, 
enhanced features, and access to innovative new applications that we expect to expand the available market to 
speech-enabled self-services in these markets. 

In addition, we expect revenues to benefit from new applications in the areas of call steering, analytics, and speaker 
verification. And from new services offering and expanded professional services staffing to deliver on the increasing 
demand for speech solutions across the key vertical markets. 

We also expect that the accelerating transformation of infrastructure within the call center, including Voice-over-IP and 
the end-of-life transition away from non-standard telephony platforms to enhance the demand for speech-based 
solutions. Our Network business will benefit as well from revenues associated with our mobile search communication 
business where we are working with partners to introduce new innovative applications that serve the consumer demand 
for mobile services. These solutions will benefit from a growing appetite for service innovation and differentiation 
among all major telecommunication careers and within the world's most prominent content and service providers. We 
are currently expanding user trials and expect meaningful revenues as we bring these applications to market in 2007. 

In addition, we continue to increase the production of our directory assistance projects on a global basis and expect to 
drive additional revenue growth as automation rates continue to improve. Within our Embedded business we expect to 
see additional growth from embedded speech applications for handsets. Recent design-wins continue to drive 
increasing royalties and further underscore our technical superiority within the handset market. As we bring new 
applications to market including hands free driver mode, MP3 functionality, and mobile dictation, we anticipate to 
further extend our presence in handsets and to solidify our position as a first supplier for the world's largest handset 
manufacturers. 

In addition, we expect another year of significant growth for our Embedded Automotive Solutions as we began 
shipping in volume for key new design-wins. We are experiencing greater penetration into more models throughout 
manufacture appliance much like the way of airbags, anti-lock breaks, and another safety features that start in high-end 
models and move downward throughout their vehicles. 

We've begun selling additional applications to car manufactures where our solutions now span command and control, 
and navigation, MP3, communications include telephony, e-mail and SMS services. 

And to complement our work of automotive manufactures and Tier 1 suppliers we've seen growth in the after-market 
navigation kits that are now using speech for destination entry and MP3. As we've noted in earlier earnings call, we 
intent during 2007 to expand our investments in healthcare in sales and services personnel in pursuit of what we believe 
to be an accelerating demand for speech-enabled dictation in transcription solutions. We will continue to expand our 
iChart host of business among the fastest growing revenue streams within Nuance. We will benefit as well from a 


launch this year of an updated version of one of our major healthcare product lines. Also this year, selling and 
marketing of our Dragon 9 medical product line will be fully assimilated into our RF Dictaphone unit. Outside of 
healthcare, we expect to sustain the launch of the Dragon Version 9 through our other key professional markets 
including legal, insurance, and public safety. Also within general reseller channels, consumer demand has outpaced our 
expectations. 

To take advantage of what we see as a growing trend among this cross-section of users, we initiated a significant 
advertising campaign that will take us through the holiday season and into next calendar year. Replacements in major 
business and consumer publications inside videos and airlines and a multitude of websites, both business and consumer 
un-oriented, we expect to introduce Dragon to entirely new set of users. 

Within our imaging business, we will continue to deliver our full product set to our proven channels. We will focus 
primarily though on growth within our PDF product family. Much as with iChart for Dictaphone, PDF revenues will 
comprise a largest stream within imaging and should contribute to year-over-year predictability of growth in that 
business that has prevailed in recent years. These results to be aided, however, by the launch of a new version of 
OmniPage later this year. 

With this agenda in mind, we anticipate non-GAAP revenues for the fiscal year 2007 to be in the range of 555 million 
to 570 million. We expect GAAP revenues will be in the range of 549 million to 564 million as we see purchase 
accounting effects upon Dictaphone revenue diminish this quarter with a modest residual left next quarter. 

Operating expenses for the full year will rise primarily in the areas of sales, engineering, and to a lesser extent 
marketing. In absolute expenditures, incremental sales and marketing expenditures will be about twice to those of 
R&D, reflecting our belief that our current product leadership can be best exploited by additional exposure to our target 
customers. Nonetheless, we are making sizable additional investments in R&D for which total expenses this year will 
be nearly $70 million. 

We maintain a priority on sustaining technological leadership, and if faced with the need to make additional 
investments we will do so even at the expense of short-term profitability goals. With these considerations in mind, we 
expect non-GAAP earnings to be in the range of $0.46 to $0.49 for the fiscal year. On a GAAP basis, we expect 
earnings to be between $0.05 and $0.06 for the full year. 

Let me turn lastly to our first quarter guidance. We expect non-GAAP revenues for the quarter to be in the range of 
$128 million to $131 million and GAAP revenues to be in the range of $126 million to $129 million, the difference 
owing to Dictaphone purchase accounting. We expect to benefit in this quarter from a strong pipeline in our network 
enterprise accounts and the services backlog at unprecedented levels. We also anticipate continued momentum from 
our Dragon product line, but we remind investors that we cannot expect the same launch-related revenues we achieved 
last quarter. 

We anticipate continued year-over-year growth in our healthcare revenues incorporating both Dictaphone and Dragon 
Medical. Embedded revenues should show attractive year-over-year growth, but we do not expect sequential growth 
this year from the previous quarter. We expect a GAAP net loss of approximately $0.01 in the first fiscal quarter, 
non-GAAP earnings should be in the range of $0.10 to $0.11. 

Please be advice that Nuance incurred substantial marketing expenses in our first quarter including those associated 
with conversations in our annual sales kick-off, which run between $2 million and $3 million. Additionally, we are 
initiating this quarter as mentioned, a multi-quarter campaign in support of Dragon, which entail about $1.5 million 
additional expense this quarter. 

In closing, let me add we clearly have abundant growth opportunities and a full agenda in the year ahead. I believe that 
we are better positioned in the market to seize these opportunities than we've ever been, and I also believe that the 
breadth of our employee base and talent gives us greater operational strength to execute on this agenda than in any time 
in our past. 

This ends our formal comments, and we are now pleased to take your questions. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We do have a question from Jeff Van Ree from Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeff Ree>: Hey Paul, how are you? Great quarter, real nice quarter across the board. Couple of questions, first of 
all just on the Dictaphone. Would you just touch on – you mentioned in the discussion of the business that the 
opportunities there continues to surprise you and that you will accelerate some investment there thinking it might be 
able to accelerate your growth? I think the original growth expectations were 15 to 20. Can you talk about what 
additional opportunities you are seeing out there and this additional spend how that better positions you for the better 
growth rate? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: As I think I've discussed in previous calls, we believe that there is a confluence of forces that work 
in the healthcare market that includes the pressures upon the healthcare institutions to improve costs, interest, and 
federal pressures on them to streamline paper work, and importantly the improvement in the applicability of underlying 
speech technology. We think those when coupled with Dictaphone sales and services organization just prevents a larger 
growth opportunity than we first anticipated. And we are making investments in our services and sales organizations in 
Dictaphone to take advantage of those. Remember that Dictaphone revenues tend to be recognized about six months 
after the completion of an order, so we will see the effect of these early investments later in the year. 

<Q - Jeff Ree>: Thanks. And in terms of thoughts, I mean, I am sure a couple of quarters into the acquisition still a 
reasonable growth range of 15% to 20%, still a reasonable ballpark for that business? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Yeah, I gave growth ranges on Dictaphone back when we did the acquisition of Dictaphone because 
I wanted to provide some basis for investors and the analysts to build models. But as I mentioned earlier in this call, we 
don't want to begin providing growth rates for individual business lines. I did it for the network business because there 
have been so many question asked, but if do it for every business then we are going to be benchmarking against that 
every quarter and it's just – it's not the way – it's not the place we want to focus people because we – there is one 
emphasis I would make from last year is that we are very much focused on achieving the full year range of revenue and 
earnings we've given to the financial community and we don't want to be chasing individual growth rates in particular 
quarters. 

<Q - Jeff Ree>: Okay. And then as it relates to research and communications, I mean obviously those opportunities are 
merging things pretty quickly and potentially bigger than expected. Can you talk about when we might have a sense of 
how to model those? When we might have a sense of what the revenues models on those different revenue streams 
might look like? I mean what can we expect within that segment over the next two, three, four quarters? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, I think you should think of that as part of the network revenue stream for the time being. 
Perhaps at some point in the future, we'll distinguish it in reporting, but I wouldn't anticipate as doing it this year. And 
as I said in previous quarters, I think it is a very exciting area, it's definitely moving quickly. There is a lot of sales 
activity and it seems very promising, but the revenues remain small, they are going to be meaningful this year but they 
remain small compared to the total business. 

<Q - Jeff Ree>: And then last question, I will let somebody come by. Jamie, just on the – in terms of DSOs good 
improvement there, great, fantastic cash generation this quarter, can you just give any thoughts on what additional 
progress can be made on the DSO front? 

<A - James Arnold>: Jeff, we had a very quarter this quarter and our DSOs are getting more inline with what we 
would expect them to be given the normal artistic effect that you have in a software company with a lot of the revenue 
coming in late in the quarter. I think you could expect slight improvement over the next couple of quarters in the DSO, 
but I am not expecting significant improvement in that, but there should be some modest improvement. 

<Q - Jeff Ree>: Okay, thanks. 


Operator 

Thank you. And our next question comes from Richard Davis with Needham and Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Richard Davis>: Hey, thanks very much. So Paul, some people you talk to, they say, "Well, gotcha, you know, 
we want to put all the process and color and all the intelligence out of the edge of the network on a PDA or cellphone 
or something like that." And you guys have some of that, but you also have approached by putting a lot of intelligence 
from the server that I can access then to voice recognition and things like that. When you think about that, I mean you 
are kind to arbitraging between how fast the network gets versus how fast your individual items in a PDA fit, you 
know, how do you guys think about modulating that or do you just run parallel in terms of development and, you know, 
or doesn't even matter? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, first of all I want to say a few things. Regrettably I am old enough to remember that this 
debate has gone on in many manifestations for a long time now about where the computing was going to occur in a 
distributed system. And if I were prescient to knowing exactly how that was going to happen, I would probably be 
retired by now. But I think that it's clear that there are going to be the demand for capabilities both on the device and in 
the network and that they are going to serve complementary needs and our strategy has been to serve both of those 
needs and to recognize that there is going to be some growing connection between them over time, but that will occur 
more slowly. So that really not entirely satisfying answer but... 

<Q - Richard Davis>: I think it is unknowable as well, but I am just curious if you had any shots in the dark. And then 
if you just – and then I guess just the last question would be, when you think about industry vertical in terms of 
opportunity set, it seems at least to me that healthcare is the biggest. And then how would that step down after that, is it 
financial services, the next biggest and then if you had the top – who will be the top three or four industry verticals in 
terms of ones that you are approaching, you know, in terms of opportunity and then, you know, may be compare that to 
where you stand today just in general terms obviously you don't have to give us the exact detail? 

<A>: Well, if you think of our enterprise, our network business is being in the same approximate size as our healthcare 
business. And the enterprise business is dominated by two or three verticals, the two largest are telecommunications 
and financial services. So I think if we are just looking at specific vertical markets that the company is serving, 
healthcare, financial services, and telecommunications will be the three largest. 

<Q - Richard Davis>: All right, okay. Thanks very much. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question is from Mike Latimore with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Latimore>: Yeah, great quarter. In terms of the mobile opportunity one more time and I guess as you 
look at the opportunities for the embedded speech side of the business as well as the networks begin mobile, you know, 
kind of in '07 which one will be more prominently used [indiscernible] generally? 

<A>: I am sorry Mike, the middle part of your question is a little garbled, can I ask you to repeat it? 

<Q - Michael Latimore>: Yeah, just as you look to – if you are growing the mobile application business, the 
opportunity in '07 is larger in embedded speech or in network speech? 

<A>: I think that the embedded revenues this year will certainly be larger than the mobile revenues related to the 
network business this year. 


<Q - Michael Latimore>: Okay. And then with regard to the Dragon Version 9 launch, can you just may be 
qualitatively compare this launch to Dragon Version 8 particularly in regards to what maybe new vertical seem to be 
really receptive this time around to maybe weren't last time around? 

<A>: Well, I think we are seeing expansion within some of the same verticals that we have had success in previously, 
and I also think we are seeing some general consumer – some growth in the general consumer segment. The best 
segments for Dragon historically, of course, healthcare being the best, the largest and legal and insurance and public 
safety being the other important segments. And as they said some general consumer reception as well I think it's a little 
early to know, what the reception in some of those other verticals legal and insurance and so forth has been with respect 
to Dragon 9, because we are only, 12 to 14 weeks since the launch. But I can't say that the overall demand of course has 
been really quite strong compared in the same period of Dragon 8. 

<Q - Michael Latimore>: Sure, okay, great. And, then just switching the network speech, as you looked again forward 
in the next year or so do you just hope anything on the international opportunities for networks speech, will that be a – 
do you suspect the higher growth rate than the domestic side of network speech? 

<A>: That is my expectation, yes. I expect that the international opportunity will have a higher growth rate, and it is a 
simple question, smaller proportion of the business today. But, that hasn't particularly been true in the last year and 
there is a lot of transformation going on I think Carlson as in North America, so I maybe proven wrong on that. Mike. 

<Q - Michael Latimore>: Okay. But, part of this for Jimmy, what the tax rate are you assuming in'07, on a non-GAAP 
basis? 

<A>: 10 to 15%. Mike. 

<Q - Michael Latimore>: Yeah. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Daniel Ives with Friedman Billings. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: Hi, guys. On this pattern infringement suit from earlier this week caused some jitters could you 
maybe just speak to that. I mean is that just a lawsuit like all the others, I mean is there chance of getting any sort of 
injunction or something like that? 

<A>: Well, I don't in general want to use comment caused like this to talk about litigation for a whole variety of reason, 
so let me simply say the following. As I think you know, Nuance previously assorted that voice signal infringe many of 
our patterns and this appropriated our trade secrets. It's apparent that voice signal brought this off suit mutilation for our 
long-standing efforts to protect our intellectual property rights. We believe their actions without merit and we intend to 
defend ourselves. And really I don't want to say more than that. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: No that's all I needed. And on the former Nuance what's really helped you get over the hump here, I 
mean it seems that you guys you know, and regards the integration kind of gone over those sort of soft spots, do the 
number of things was a one specific thing was the execution just natural integration, and just maybe you could speak to 
that? Thanks. 

<A>: I don't think it was a single thing. I think that the operational work that had to go on to simulate the sales 
organization improved. I think, we were eventually able to resolve uncertainty in some customers mind, I don't think it 
was a single thing. 

<Q - Daniel Ives>: All right congrats. Thanks guys. 

<A>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. And our last question comes from Tom Roderick with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please, go ahead. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Hi, good afternoon and thank you. I just wanted to dig in a little bit around Dragon 9 – Dragon 
medical this quarter sound like a very nice quarter with I believe you said a 100% year-over-year growth in the quarter, 
that was meaningfully from last quarter. Is there any seasonality in that business, so is that strong growth relative to last 
quarter, just a spill over effect. And can you comment a little bit more on what you are seeing in that model? Thanks. 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I referenced the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, just because in the second quarter at the 
January and March quarter was the disappointing quarter in Dragon in within health care. And we believed at that time 
that there was some concern among customers, because we announced Dictaphone in mid quarter and I referenced this 
now simply to suggest that in that respect that probably was true was the transitory phenomena. Dragon Medical 
generally speaking over the last couple of years has continued to grow from nothing. So, it's bee a promising business 
for us and of course that was bad in some other things that led us to the Dictaphone transaction in the first place. But, 
that was really the only point about that I was making. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay. And Paul, could you just offer some more comments on or some more details around the 
embedded business? Just to clarify your comments I think you said next year will be flat form this year and jut in terms 
of what the drivers are around that business particularly with handset continuing to go more deeply penetrated with 
embedded speech? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I didn't – I've said a lot of things quickly and I probably didn't say them very clearly. I didn't mean to 
suggest that embedded would be flat as I got embedded – we expect robust growth in our embedded business. What I 
meant say, was that in the quarter we're in now, we don't expect to see sequential growth from the last quarter, the 
quarter ending September 30, but the different comments and whatever we are going to see full year growth. We expect 
to see good full year growth in embedded not necessarily this quarter over the fourth quarter. This quarter over the 
December quarter last year, I think will show attractive growth, but I had commented earlier in the comments that we 
are seeing sequential growth that is quarter-to-quarter growth, nearly every quarter for the last two years I think 6 out of 
8, but I don't expect that this quarter. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay. And then just building on that, can you give us a sense of why that might be as we look 
in to what's traditionally a pretty seasonal and strong fourth quarter for handset shipments or is there some element of 
revenue recognitions that goes on ahead of those shipments itself when you embed into the handset? 

<A>: Well, across the embedded business, which has several segments including handsets and automotive those being 
the primary ones, the navigation units are on the rise across the embedded business. You get revenues from royalty 
reports from installed from design wins in the past, you get revenues from services you perform in support of your 
OEMs. And you get revenues typically at the time of the design wins, because there are some typically modest, not 
always but typically modest design win payment, which is a form of earnest money in committing the company to do a 
lot of work and support that design win. And all those things contribute to the revenue stream. And while we have 
reasonable models on our royalties, we don't have the kind of long history on some of these royalty streams, so we have 
in other parts of our business, so we need to be careful about extrapolating those royalty streams. And we did have a 
number of design wins in the fourth quarter and we don't necessarily know that we are going to conclude that number 
of design wins in the first quarter. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay, great very helpful. And just last question I would have for you here as you briefly 
mentioned Quantum in your prepared remarks and I was hoping you could expand on when you anticipate the Quantum 
will be launched. And if you could just provide some details as to what generally we should expect that a Quantum 
from a functionality standpoint. That will be very helpful? Thank you. 

<A>: Okay. Well, Quantum I think is going to be formally launched after the beginning of the calendar year. And 
quantum is a big release, so I think that if I – it's probably not the appropriate form to speak too much to the 
functionality. But importantly, it will have superior accuracy to the current technology, it will have some specific 


functionality and support of our directorate systems business. There will be some improvement in some of the 
supporting infrastructure that of the core technology and there will be support for some additional application 
capability. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: All right, thanks very much. 

Company Representative 

Okay, I think then that ends our questions. And I thank you all for joining us and look forward to talking to you again 
next quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 8 PM today, and that will go 
until November 28, 2006. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 
1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 846225. International participants will dial 320-365-3844 those 
numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 and the access code 846225. That does conclude our conference 
for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T executive teleconference. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


