Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Paul Ricci, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
• James Arnold, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And good afternoon and welcome to Nuance's second quarter 2007 
financial results conference Call. Today's call is being recorded, and later we will conduct a question and answer 
session. With us today are the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Nuance, Mr. Paul Ricci; and the Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Jamie Arnold. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ricci. Please go ahead, sir. 

Paul Ricci, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining. Before we begin, I would remind everyone that matters we 
discuss this afternoon include predictions, estimates, expectations and other forward-looking statements. These 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You should refer to 
our recent SEC filings for a detailed list of risk factors. 

Nuance's second quarter reflects a continuation of trends we observed in previous quarters. Strong revenue growth 
across our diverse speech market segments, year-over-year earnings growth enabled by synergies and budgetary 
discipline, and a record quarter in cash flows from operations. While we enjoyed solid growth in each of our business 
lines, we want to highlight especially the performance in our healthcare and embedded segments. As in the previous 
quarter, we mentioned that the company's mobile business continues to prosper including our investments in mobile 
search and communications. And finally, we note that cash flows this quarter substantially exceeded non-GAAP net 
income after-tax, a measurement we recognize as important to our investors. 

Before discussing revenues, I might again this quarter remind investors about our organic revenue calculations. To 
reiterate what I said last quarter, we calculate organic revenues during any quarter and year as the growth we would 
have achieved had we not acquired those assets we have owned for less than a full year. We typically eliminate or 
reduce certain revenues from acquired businesses during the first year as we rationalize the acquisition within our 
business model. This has been true of nearly all our acquisitions including Dictaphone, Philips Speech, SpeechWorks 
and the former Nuance. So year-over-year growth of an acquired business based upon our first full year of our 
experience is in our view the best basis for comparison. 

Bearing this in mind, total non-GAAP revenues in the quarter were 134.6 million, including about 2.5 million of 
Dictaphone revenues otherwise lost to purchase accounting. Total GAAP revenues were 132.1 million. Total 
non-GAAP revenues were up 88% over the same quarter last year. Organic revenues in the quarter excluding 
Dictaphone were up 21% over the same period last year. Total speech revenues were 116 million. Excluding 
Dictaphones, speech revenues were 67.9 million and therefore, grew organically by about 22% over the same quarter 
last year. Imaging revenues were 18.6 million and grew about 16% over the same period last year. 

Turning first to our network and enterprise speech solutions, revenues were 39.5 million, up 17% from 33.9 million in 
the same quarter last year. In the quarter, the team secured important design wins and expanded customer relationships 


with clients such as XM Radio, Social Security, MetLife, Sears, Vodafone, Hertz and BT. The market for speech-based 
solutions remained strong across a breadth of industries including telecommunications, retail, utilities, government, 
healthcare, insurance and financial services. The benefit of our move from providing enabling technology to full 
customer care solutions was evident in the accelerating demand for our natural-language Call Steering solution, and 
Nuance Customer Insight, a speech-based analytics solution. 

We reached the final stage of launching into our partner networks and select customers, Nuance Recognizer version 9, 
our new speech recognizer, formerly referred to as Quantum. Several weeks ago, we publicly introduced a product and 
to date have received affirming feedback on the advances in benchmarks our team delivered, especially with regards to 
accuracy, overall performance, and its support for natural dialogs. 

As you know, we expanded the business through the acquisition of BeVocal, bringing to Nuance a portfolio of highly 
regarded solutions from one of the industry's leading innovators. BeVocal provides wireless carriers and other 
businesses serving the wireless market with an on-demand self-service solution to help enhance revenues and manage 
costs throughout the customer life cycle. Combined, we are able to more thoroughly address the mobile carrier market 
through innovative customer care applications with associated revenues that are expected to grow at more than 40%. 

Within search and communications, an area within network speech, the quarter brought a number of new initiatives and 
offers, expanded relationships with voice search customers and progress in global trials. We announced relationships 
and offerings for devices and services for Rim, Palm, Sprint and Jingle. We introduced new solutions for music, MP3 
searches, business category search, message read back and ad-supported search services. And we expanded our trial 
footprint with carriers both domestically and internationally. 

The voice search market is one that has garnered significant interest as a number of companies look to expand their 
franchise to capitalize on the rapid growth and penetration of mobile devices and content. We see a growing appetite 
among the world's foremost search content and mobile providers for a range of voice search applications and 
capabilities where Nuance technology powers virtually all voice search conducted today. 

Within our embedded speech business, revenues reached a new record. Embedded revenues in the second were 11.0 
million, up 28% from a year ago, as we saw continued strong demand for our solutions among automotive, handset, 
and navigation device manufacturers. We secured important contracts with Nokia, Samsung, and Nintendo, and 
produced solid results within our automotive base including Ford, Toyota and Mercedes, which was just announced 
today. 

Dictaphone healthcare revenues were 48.1 million in the quarter, as the business continues to perform across both 
existing and new customer accounts. We secured relationships with several large regional hospitals including Jefferson 
Health, Columbus Regional, and Georgetown Memorial. And within ichart, we continued to see rapid growth as the 
team signed several multimillion dollar extended-term contracts with facilities that included Allina Healthcare, Main 
Line Health and Sutter Health System. 

The first six months of this fiscal year had been especially strong for ichart bookings, which were up more than 75% 
over the same six-month period last year. We have just completed the first full year for Dictaphone within the Nuance 
organization. Over that time, Dictaphone delivered 183.4 million in revenue, ahead of our initial expectations. Overall, 
we are very pleased with the result of the Dictaphone integration over the past year. The unit's performance has 
persuaded us of the attractiveness of the expanded investments in this fertile market. One investment in particular is the 
recent acquisition of Focus Infomatics, the premier healthcare speech recognition services organization. The Focus 
services in conjunction with our ichart web-based transcription solutions ensures an efficient and scalable internet 
delivery of automated transcription as a service. 

Our Dragon product line revenues in the quarter were 17.4 million, up 33% year-over -year, signaling continued 
strength in demand based on the performance of Dragon NaturallySpeaking 9. We saw a strong performance from our 
e-commerce efforts and increased demand within professional markets, especially the legal market. 

Imagining revenues were 18.6 million, up 16% year-over-year. We saw sustained growth in our PDF products this 
quarter. In the quarter, we introduced PDF document security and surpassed the one-million seat mark for our PDF 


Converter product. We also saw increased activity among enterprise accounts and recently signed several large 
contracts including HP, the Hartford, and Sprint. Finally, I reiterate that this quarter saw a new record in cash flows 
which resulted from a strong collection operation and diminished acquisition integration expenses. 

In summary, I am pleased at how the extended organization performed in the quarter, particularly in light of the 
combined strategic and operational agenda of the company. Our performance underscores the stability and 
opportunities of the business, positioning us for strong second half. But before I discuss that in further detail, I want to 
turn the call now over Jamie. 

James Arnold, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon, everyone. As you saw in our press release, Nuance GAAP revenues in the 
quarter were 132.1 million, up 84% over the same period in fiscal 2006. Our GAAP revenues exclude approximately 

2.5 million of revenues; they were lost to purchase accounting in conjunction with the Dictaphone acquisition. In 
addition to using GAAP results, we believe it is useful to measure performance using certain non-GAAP measures. Our 
non-GAAP measure for revenue includes Dictaphone revenue lost to purchase accounting. Our non-GAAP measure of 
net income or loss excludes acquisition, transaction and integration cost and, as applicable, non-cash taxes, interest and 
stock-based compensation, amortization and impairment of intangible assets, and restructuring and other charges. With 
the lost Dictaphone revenues included and the way we review management performance, total Nuance non-GAAP 
revenues were 134.6 million for the quarter, up 88% over last year. 
To repeat some numbers you heard in Paul's introductory comments, non-GAAP speech revenue was 116 million 
which included 48.1 million for Dictaphone revenue, 39.5 million in network revenue, 11 million in embedded revenue 
and 17.4 million in Dragon revenue. Imaging revenue was 18.6 million. GAAP product revenue was 70.3 million. 
Non-GAAP product revenue was 71.7 million, up 23.1 million or 48% from 48.6 million a year ago. GAAP 
professional services revenue including subscription and hosted applications was 32.9 million. Non-GAAP professional 
services revenue was 33.7 million, up 18.3 million or 119% compared to 15.4 million for the same period last year. 
And GAAP maintenance and support revenue was 28.9 million. Non-GAAP maintenance and support revenue was 

29.2 million, up 21.4 million or 274% compared to 7.8 million a year ago. North American revenue accounted for 
approximately 78% of total revenue compared with 67% in the same period a year ago. The increase is largely 
attributable to Dictaphone-related products which drive the majority of revenue from North America. 
On a GAAP basis, Nuance recognized a net loss of 1.7 million or $0.01 per basic share in the quarter compared with 
net loss of 1.4 million or $0.01 per basic share for the comparable period in fiscal 2006. Using a non-GAAP measure, 
net income was 23.4 million or $0.12 per diluted share in the quarter, compared with 10.3 million or $0.06 per diluted 
share a year ago. 

Cost of revenue in the quarter was approximately 30% of revenue for a gross margin of 70%, a 6% decrease from one 
year ago and owing to the inclusion of Dictaphone in the revenue mix. Please note that in discussing cost of goods, I 
exclude acquisition-related amortization. Product gross margins were 83% in this quarter as compared to 90% in the 
comparable quarter of fiscal 2006 with the decline owing primarily to the influence of Dictaphone. Gross margins for 
professional services were 35% in the quarter, as compared to 32% in the same period of last year. This improvement 
owes to continued operational progress in our enterprise and network business services unit. Maintenance margins were 
79% in the quarter, as compared to 74% in the same period of last year, also owing to the performance of our network 
business unit. Again, these gross margin numbers exclude acquisition-related amortization and stock-based 
compensation. 

Within operating expenses, the cost discussed below exclude certain items including non-cash stock-based 
compensation, amortization of intangibles, and transition and integration costs. Please see the reconciliation on our 
website. R&D was approximately 15.7 million or 12% of revenue versus 11.7 million or 16% of revenue a year ago. 
The increase in absolute dollars is primarily attributed to additional head count through our product lines including 
additional Dictaphone team. Sales and marketing spending was 36.7 million or 27% of revenue, as compared to 23.7 


million or 33% of revenue a year ago. This absolute dollar increase for year-over-year comparison corresponds to a 
large infusion of additional sales employees from the Dictaphone acquisition as well as the expansion of sales 
personnel and marketing programs associated with our other product lines. 

General and administrative expenses were 11.8 million or 9% of revenue, as compared to 8 million or 11% of revenue 
in the same quarter last year. The increase in absolute dollars was due to additional employees supporting the larger 
business as well as additional professional fees. 

Turning to the balance sheet company-generated cash from operations this quarter of approximately 35 million driven 
by strong collections and ahead of expectations. We remind investors that our expectation is for cash flow from 
operations to approximate non-GAAP net income. DSO net of deferred maintenance revenues were 36 days versus 42 
days last quarter. Depreciation was 2.8 million and capital expenditures were approximately 4 million. We exited the 
quarter with unrestricted cash and marketable securities of approximately 89.2 million after payments for Focus 
Infomatics and other acquisition-related payments. 

And now, I will turn the call back over to Paul. 

Paul Ricci, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Jamie. As reflected in our comments this afternoon, our results in the second quarter underscore a sustained 
momentum in Nuance's operational performance this year. With strong demand across our speech markets, we are 
confident in the organization's ability to increase growth over the reminder of this fiscal year as we capitalize on 
investments in sales, services and product development. 

Within our network business, we expect, as I noted last quarter, to see accelerated growth throughout the balance of the 
year, as we leverage our investments in Nuance Recognizer, the BeVocal on-demand portfolio, new applications, 
mobility solutions and directory assistance. Our guidance this quarter, in fact, anticipates that worldwide organic 
network revenues in our third fiscal quarter will reach a new record prior to the inclusion of BeVocal revenues based 
upon the quality of our enterprise pipeline, backlog and the productivity of sales investments we have made over the 
last year. 

Regarding BeVocal, we previously provided guidance in the range of 21 to $23 million for fiscal 2007 at the time we 
announced the acquisition. Results at BeVocal remained consistent with that outlook. But we note to investors that we 
did not close the acquisition on March 31 as anticipated but rather nearer the end of April. Therefore, about one-sixth of 
that forecasted range will fall into the sub-period prior to our consolidation. 

We also anticipate the continuation of strong performance in our embedded business. Our product line and the extent of 
our relationships with major automotive, mobile phone, and navigation device manufacturers have never been stronger. 
The demand for speech in mobile devices has never been more evident. But we do caution investors that year-over-year 
comparables in the second half of the year for embedded products will be more challenging than in the first two 
quarters. 

Within healthcare, we expect growth from our expanded sales and services team and continued success in our ichart 
hosted solution with additional leverage afforded by the Focus acquisition. Because this is the fifth quarter in which we 
will consolidate Dictaphone and therefore the first quarter in which we will have the year-over-year comparison, we 
want to provide somewhat more details than usual in our expectations. 

We anticipate that organic growth in the Dictaphone unit in the third quarter excluding the revenue effects of Focus, to 
be in the range of 18 to 20%, when compared to the same quarter of last year. With these factors taken into account, we 
expect non-GAAP revenues in the third quarter to be in the range of 155 to 157 million, including non-GAAP revenues 
associated with Dictaphone of approximately 2 million. We expect GAAP revenues to be in the range of a 153 to 155 
million. 


Let me turn now to expenses for the third quarter. Organically, expenses will grow this quarter, owing to additional 
hiring and sales, services and R&D. In the latter category, I remind investors that last quarter we noted that we had 
accelerated hiring in our embedded business as a result of unexpected demands upon our technical resources from new 
design wins. Nonetheless, we do see increased operating leverage from our enhanced revenues and acquisition 
synergies. With this in mind, we expect a GAAP loss between $0.06 and $0.07 and non-GAAP earnings between $0.12 
and $0.13 in the third quarter. 

Finally, it is appropriate based, upon our first half performance, our second half outlook and the effects of the BeVocal 
and Focus acquisitions, to update our full fiscal year 2007 guidance. We now expect non-GAAP revenues to be in the 
range of 594 to 598 million and expect GAAP revenues to be in the range of 586 to 590 million. And as just referenced 
operating leverage will increase throughout the second half, consequently we anticipate that the GAAP loss for the 
fiscal year 2007 will be in the range of $0.15 to $0.16 and expect non-GAAP earnings in the range of $0.51 to $0.52. 

We are now happy to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question from the line of Brent Thill, with Citi. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thanks, good afternoon. Paul, could you just touch on the healthcare initiative over the next six to 
nine months? What are the additional catalysts you see, whether on the win side or how you look at the product cycle 
shaping up for the next year for the healthcare business? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, of course over the next, over the next two or three quarters, we are going to see benefits of two 
actions we have already taken. The first is the investment in sales and services personnel that I have been talking about 
in past quarters. Our expectation for productivity of the sales person in that sector is reaching productivity at 6 to 12 
months and there is some delay of course in the time between orders and when revenues are recognized. So investments 
we made as long ago as last summer will really this quarter just begin to show the fruits. 

Secondly, of course we have the Focus acquisition, which we expect to both improve the margins of our ichart business 
and to allow us to continue to accelerate growth in our ichart business. So we remain, as I alluded to a couple of times 
in the formal comments, we remain quite optimistic about the growth of that business. 

Finally, later this year we do have some new product releases within healthcare. I do not want to say anything more 
specifically than that, but there will be some new product releases, which I think will help to expand the market as well. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Okay. And just a quick follow-up in financials. You know, as we start to look out over the next 
year or so, is there any constraints in terms of the model heading towards a mid 20% on margin, over time? I know you 
are not giving guidance for '08, but is there any constraints that would not let you get to that 25% target? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I am sorry, is there any constraint, I heard the first "Is there any constraint," but I did not hear the 
second half. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Just constraints of operating margin expansion into the mid 20s over the next year; is that a 
reasonable goal? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: As we said previously our objective is to deliver 20% organic growth before acquisitions and to 
improve operating margins a couple of points per year. If we achieve that goal this year I think we will be in the 20, 23 
range, something like that, and if we achieve that goal again next year, we ought to be in the area that you are 
suggesting. There is no constraint to keep us in doing it; it is just hard work unfortunately. 

<Q - Brent Thill>: Thank you. 


Operator 

And our next question is from the line Jeff Van Rhee with Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Hi, guys. Several questions. First of all maybe just start with a network side. Can you give us a 
sense of the mobile voice contribution in the quarter? And then secondly, Paul, as it relates to the growth expectations, 
clearly you are looking for an acceleration – you touched on it very quickly – but can you talk about how that business 
has progressed? You obviously went through an integration period; you put up a very strong quarter in December, good 
quarter here, but you are really looking for acceleration. Maybe little bit more color there? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I cannot say too much about the mobile search revenues, Jeff. As you know, they remain relatively 
small in the context of the whole business. But, they did meet – they did meet their plan in the first half of the year, 
which was satisfying to see. As, you know, it is a speculative business and I think it is going to continue to grow 
handsomely, but it is going to grow from a small base and we will have to see how that goes. 

The enterprise business generally is doing quite well. We continue to have a very large backlog of deployments and 
services. We are seeing significant license deals, and that is generally a good thing. Of course it makes for somewhat – 
significant large licensing deals, I am sorry, I should have said – it makes for somewhat unpredictability, but the 
strength of the pipeline is quite robust, and I think therefore you saw the confidence we have in actually proving 
somewhat more specific guidance about the number for network in the coming quarter. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Is there – if you look at that enterprise business, is there one, if you had to narrow it down to 
one reason why this strong outlook in the back half of the year whether it is particular verticals, particular product 
segments, is there any narrower color as to really what seems to be kicking in the second half? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, I think that it is not one thing really. I think that what is driving the enterprise business now is 
a confluence of the greater acceptance, the greater visibility of some of the existing enterprise deployments that we 
have out there. I think Nuance has achieved a certain level of brand recognition in the enterprise, in enterprise accounts 
for being a speech solution provider. I think we have made some important investments in our sales organization over 
the last year that are beginning to pay off. I think those are probably the main contributors. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay, and then I guess, Jamie, as it relates to margins, you touched on the product margin 
decline year-over-year as it related to the Dictaphone contributions, sequentially down as well, certainly huge 
improvement on professional services, tremendous progress there, maintenance strong as well, license down. Can you 
give me some more color sequentially? What would have dragged down product margins both from the December 
quarter, as well as pretty much sideways from September and even down from June? 

<A - Jamie Arnold>: It was down primarily as the mix of license revenue that we recognize is a little different this 
quarter than it has been in previous quarters, and so we ended up with little more royalty expense than we have had in 
prior quarters. And also the cost in the Dictaphone license revenue is a little higher this quarter than it has been in 
previous quarters. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. And last one, I will let somebody else on, the embedded side of the business, Paul -- a lot 
of moving parts within there -- you have got automotive opportunities, handset opportunities and others. I guess two 
questions there: one, can you give us even a broad brush of where you think that segment will be, not necessarily in 
absolute dollars but maybe in terms of mix, two or three years out, where you really see the bulk of that revenue 
coming from? And in conjunction with that, last quarter you gave a license growth number saying licenses grew 90% 
within that segment. Understandably, you do not want to break out exacts, but it really gave the impression that the 
royalty wins were now coming into volume. Can you give us any sense of license growth or other proxy for how that 
mix is an indication of the maturity of what is going on there? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: The – with respect to your first question, the – I continue to believe that we are going to see both the 
automotives and the mobile phone product lines grow attractively. So, I do not see in the next couple of years one 
completely dominating the other. And there will be some secondary revenues from other sources. I mentioned personal 
navigation devices. I think there may be some additional revenues from games as well. 


I do not have at my fingertips the number you are asking for with respect to licenses, and I want to be careful not to 
speculate. So, we we'll try – we will see if we can get the number by the end of the call and come back to you with it. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Sounds good. Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Richard Davis with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hey, guys, what is going on? It is actually D.J. Just two quick questions: How do you see acquisitions fitting into 
your future growth plans? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, we get asked that a lot. And I am afraid we always give the same somewhat unsatisfying 
answer, which is that while we expect to continue to make acquisitions that are financially attractive to our investors 
and strategically coherent to the business, we cannot really say with any expectation at all, any accuracy at all, when 
and – or whether we will do them. 

<Q>: Okay. And I guess that kinds of leads to my next question. So, I will hop back in. 

Operator 

Thank you. We will move on to our next question. That is from the line of Daniel Ives with Friedman, Billings, 
Ramsey. Your line is open. Daniel, did you have a question? We have the line open for Daniel Ives. Okay. If 


We will move on to our next question then. That is from the line of Tom Roderick with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Hi, good afternoon, guys, thanks. Paul, can you offer an update on Quantum? This is obviously 
been a pretty big product release; you have been working on it for a long time and it has been a little bit silent going, as 
far as some update on that. Can you give us a sense of when we might expect to see that in the marketplace and what 
customers are seeing already out there? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I did make a passing reference to it in my formal comments. It is in the marketplace; it is now 
available for partners and for select customers. It is really quite early on. As I mentioned in my comments the 
benchmarks have been extraordinary and the feedback we have got from our partners based on that has also been quite 
positive, so as I said previously it is an enterprise solution, and so the effects of its superior capabilities are going to be 
felt over time as we are able to increase automation rates in customers and increase the range of enterprises that will be 
comfortable deploying speech based upon the progression of the technology. But, as I said, overall we were quite 
bullish about its capabilities and about its abilities to deliver additional revenues for -- based on performance and also 
based upon the capabilities it has in call steering and extended dialogues. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay, great. And maybe switching over to the BeVocal acquisition, now that you guys have 
closed that; this has been a platform that has been exclusively focused on the service provider market out there right 
now. Are there -- do you see an opportunity, particularly in the wake of the Tellme acquisition by Microsoft, to take 
this platform and extend it into the enterprise, or do you anticipate just focusing on the carrier market? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, I do not want to comment on our longer-term plans with respect to BeVocal. But I do -- I 
would emphasize to you that the opportunities that BeVocal provides in the wireless market, in the applications it is 
providing today among a broader set of wireless careers, is so compelling to us that we want to be sure that we realize 
that opportunity. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay, good. Thanks. 


Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Morgan Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great. Thank you and good afternoon. I wanted to follow-up on Tom's question on the 
Quantum update, just kind of a more detail: are you seeing any sort of material revenue from that this quarter or is that 
more later this year; and are your resellers open to sell it to anybody at this moment? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: With respect to the first question, I do not want to get tangled up in whether it is material or not. 
We've had revenues associated with Quantum and it is quite early on, but there were revenues and I will not try and 
judge whether they were material. Your second question was what? 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: The second question I had on that is, you mentioned that some partners are now selling: is 
this across most of your partner base and is there any restriction to the sell-through, or are they open to sell to pretty 
much any of their customers at this point? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I am not aware of any restrictions, I doubt there are any. I am unaware of any, and I do not know the 
schedule of the partner integrations. We make it available to partners and they are integrated at various times, and I just 
could not speak accurately about what the schedule of the integrations are and when they plan to ship an integrated 
solution with their platform and our technology. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Second question I had is a Microsoft follow-up question. Have you seen any impact from 
Vista? I mean I have seen obviously this peer product reviews on Dragon. Have you seen impact from Vista? Has it 
delayed any sale cycles or you really not seen impact yet? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: We really have not seen any impact. 

<Q - Scott Sutherland>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Shyam Patil with Raymond James & Associates. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Hi, yeah, Shyam Patil. Software was about 53% of revenue this quarter. Do you see that trend 
being below 55% for the rest of the year or above 55%? 
<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, I do not expect the – you are asking about the license revenues? 
<Q - Shyam Patil>: Yes. 
<A - Paul Ricci>: I do not think we expect a material change in the ratio for the remainder of the year. 
<Q - Shyam Patil>: And how much of the -- how much revenue came from the wholesale solutions group this quarter? 
<A - Paul Ricci>: We do not give that number specifically. 
<Q - Shyam Patil>: But I think you commented that by the end of fiscal year '08, you expect 22% of total revenue to 


be from the SAS business? 


<A - Paul Ricci>: I think I gave a number range for fiscal year '08, that is true I did, but we have not started giving the 
number broken out by quarter, and we are just not going to do it today. 
<Q - Shyam Patil>: Okay. And then could you break out perhaps what percent of Dictaphone revenue comes from 


ichart? 
<A - Paul Ricci>: No. Sorry. 



<Q - Shyam Patil>: All right. And then, it is my last question. Given the change in your debt rating, can you give us an 
update on how much debt you feel comfortable with? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well, the question of how much debt we feel comfortable with is dependent upon of course what our 
cash flows look like. We are comfortable with our current leverage. We would be comfortable with some leverage 
beyond where we are currently, perhaps not too much beyond were we are. And as our cash flows continue to grow, we 
could well be comfortable with additional debt consistent with that strengthened foundation to service it. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from the line of Barbara Coffey with Kaufman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Barbara Coffey>: Yes, good afternoon. Could you speak a bit about the competitive landscape and if you see it 
changing at all, in specific on the healthcare vertical, but overall in general as well? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well I do not – there is competition in the healthcare market and I expect that to continue to be the 
case. I do not actually expect a significant change in the dynamics of the healthcare business soon in part because it is 
not an easy business to enter and it requires certain distribution in services assets. So we compete mostly with smaller 
companies, and I do not foresee that changing. And your second question was what? 

<Q - Barbara Coffey>: In regards to the competition in the other markets, does that also appear stable? 

<A - Paul Ricci>: Well it has been relatively stable over the last few quarters. So, the markets continue to evolve; there 
are new people getting in. There are some people waning; but I do not foresee any dramatic changes in the competitive 
landscape over the next couple or three quarters. 

<Q - Barbara Coffey>: What I was wondering is with your recent couple acquisitions, if you have seen, if that by 
giving you more critical mass has sort of changed how your competition is reacting to you. 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I am sorry; I do not mean to be obtuse. 

<Q - Barbara Coffey>: No, it... 

<A - Paul Ricci>: I don't mean to be obtuse. But I do not think -- I think the answer is no. It is a very competitive 
business, and our competition wakes up every day trying to figure out how to put us out of business and we wake up 
every day trying to prosecute our business. And I do not see it is any better or worse. 

<Q - Barbara Coffey>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our last question comes from the line of Daniel Ives with Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, please go ahead. Mr. Ives 
your line is open; perhaps your microphone is muted. 

<Q>: Hello. This is actually Mike for Daniel, can you guys actually hear me now? 

Operator 

Yes we can. 

<A>: Yes, yes. 


<Q>: Okay, great. Just two real quick questions. What do you guys see for the tax rate for the rest of the year going 
forward, approximate, the cash tax? 

<A - James Arnold>: It is going to be in the 8 to 10% range. 

<Q>: Okay. And then lastly, I mean on the cash flow, do you see that like the rest of the year and also for '08, do you 
see the same type of growth that we saw this year in the cash flow from operations, or can you just give me a little color 
on that? 

<A - James Arnold>: As I have said in my comments, our stated objective is we believe our cash flow from operation 
should approximately our non-GAAP net income. We had a very good quarter, we have had several good quarters in a 
row, and our objective is that – I think one that is reasonable is that cash flow from operations will approximate the 
non-GAAP net income over any period of time. 

Operator 

Thank you, and does that conclude your questions? 

<Q>: Yeah. Something has got to be wrong with my phone. Sorry about that. 

Operator 

Oh, no, thank you very much. I will now turn the meeting back over to Mr. Arnold and Mr. Ricci. Please go ahead. 

Paul Ricci, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Well, thank you again for joining us this quarter, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. 
Bye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. I would like to thank you for your participation 
and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


