Q4 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kevin Faulkner 
• Paul A. Ricci 
• Thomas L. Beaudoin 
Other Participants 

• Daniel Harlan Ives 
• Nandan Amladi 
• Shyam Patil 
• Richard Hugh Davis 
• John S. Byun 
• John F. Bright 
• Tom Roderick 
• Jeff Van Rhee 
• Steve Koenig 
• Scott Zeller 
• Scott P. Sutherland 
• Mike Latimore 
• Matthew J. Coss 
• Dan T. Cummins 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon. Thank you for standing by as today's conference is assembled. And welcome to 
Nuance's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011 Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, 
there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And 
as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 

With us today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Nuance, Mr. Paul Ricci; CFO, Mr. Tom Beaudoin; and 
Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Kevin Faulkner. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. 
Faulkner. Please go ahead, sir. 

Kevin Faulkner 

Thanks, Tom. Before we begin, I remind everyone that matters we discuss this afternoon include predictions, estimates, 
expectations, and other forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could 
cause actual results to differ materially. You should refer to our recent SEC filings for a detailed list of risk factors. 

As noted in our press release, we issued along with our release a set of prepared remarks in advance of this call. Those 
remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them here. 

Now, let me turn the call over to Paul Ricci. 


Paul A. Ricci 

Thank you, Kevin. Before taking your questions, I might underscore a few points from today's documents. Nuance 
achieved compelling results in fiscal year '11 including 12% organic revenue growth for the fourth quarter and 10% 
organic growth for the fiscal year. 

In the fiscal year, we delivered 21% growth in operating cash flow and 70 basis points of margin improvement. Q4 
revenue benefited from contributions across our markets, but we delivered a particularly strong performance in our 
mobile and consumer markets, and we are pleased with improvements in our enterprise growth rate. 

We head into fiscal '12 with an unprecedented level of interest in our voice and language solutions. As mentioned in the 
prepared comments, we are addressing a robust set of strategic partnership engagements, particularly in our mobility 
and healthcare markets, and delivering expanded offerings across our businesses. We believe that these initiatives will 
position us strongly for growth, enhance profitability, increase cash flows and continue leadership in our markets this 
year. 

We are now pleased to take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Daniel Ives with FBR. Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Hey guys, great job. Could you just talk about on the mobile side, do you feel like you 
have hit an inflection point there, from what you are seeing, based on your conversations with customers and partners? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: We definitely sense that in the last six months or so the awareness and acceptance of voice and 
language as part of the mobile experience has accelerated. We are seeing that in interest in our own products, we are 
seeing that in the demand for relationships and strategic engagements, which we referenced in our prepared remarks 
with various participants in the mobile ecosystem. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Okay. And then just talk about next year's growth, now it's a strong growth number you are 
giving. Can you talk about how you are thinking about the macro relative to that, given your confidence in hitting a 
high bar like that? Thanks. 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, we are not economists and so our view of the macro situation is really that it's a 
continuation of what we are experiencing today. And we haven't assumed significant improvement and we haven't 
assumed marked diminishment from today's situation. 

<Q - Daniel Harlan Ives>: Thanks again. 

<A - Kevin Faulkner>: Bye. 

Operator 

And next we will go to the line of Nandan Amladi with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Nandan Amladi>: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. On the healthcare segment, we saw in the 
transcription volume 19% year-on-year growth and 8% sequentially, those are both particularly strong numbers given 
the relative – the recent history. Were there any events that actually drove this in terms of the competitive move or any 
shift in the industry dynamics? 


<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I don't think there were any specific shifts in the fourth quarter. We have talked over the course 
of the last year about Nuance's strong competitive position in the business. We believe the depth and breadth of our 
offerings, both on premise and our on-demand offerings, are unique. We also believe that the discussions we're now 
having with our largest customers about the next generation of technologies, which involve clinical language 
understanding capabilities and analytics and inferential capabilities, we believe that those are attracting interest and 
creating greater affinity for Nuance Solutions. But I don't think there was anything in particular in the quarter. 

<Q - Nandan Amladi>: Okay. And any greater interest now on the, sort of, mid and lower end of the market, which 
has been written about as benefiting from the meaningful use of stimulus funds? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Nuance has a robust partnership network that we use primarily to address the mid and lower 
segments of the market. We did mention in our prepared comments, I believe, several references to the expansion of 
that network and some of the successes that are going on in that partnership network. 

<Q - Nandan Amladi>: Okay. And then on the product gross margins, we saw a big jump – a significant jump, I guess 
sequentially as well as from a year ago. Presumably, this was driven by mobile licenses; is this – do you believe it's 
sustainable going into fiscal '12? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, I think, it was driven – just to take your point, driven by licenses generally. Fourth quarter 
was a strong licensing quarter and strong licensing will improve our gross margins, and that includes a mobile licensing 
and I think the enterprise and healthcare licensing. Your second question was what? I'm sorry. 

<Q - Nandan Amladi>: I said, I was asking, is this product mix kind of sustainable or the margin structure sustainable 
for the remainder of – going into fiscal year '12? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, with respect to the mix, we've talked to before and continue to advise that overall Nuance 
believes it's business will continue to move to a greater proportion of on-demand and not necessarily direct licensing. 
And – but in aggregate the effects on gross margin there should not be significant. I think we've counseled people to 
look for relatively similar gross margins year-over-year. 

<Q - Nandan Amladi>: Okay. Thank you. I'll step back in line. 

Operator 

And next we go to the line of Shyam Patil representing Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Hi, thanks guys. Great quarter, great year. Paul on the mobile side, particular on the embedded 
speech portion of mobile, we've kind of thought of handsets and autos as being the two areas. But in your prepared 
remarks, you talked about a deal with LG where you're also helping out with televisions. Can you just talk generally 
about the interest you're seeing for your speech solutions outside of – in mobile outside of autos and handsets? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I think you put your finger on what we consider to be the next big horizon and that is other areas 
of consumer electronics, particularly entertainment. There is a lot of interest right now among consumer electronic 
manufacturers of extending some aspects at the mobile experience to the living room in particular. And I think, as you 
point out, referenced one customer but that there are many, many of the large OEMs who are engaging in that today, 
and we think of that as one of the most interesting opportunities for incremental growth in the coming year. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Great. And then on the healthcare business, it seemed from the prepared remarks you're expecting 
revenue from the 3M partnership in the latter part of fiscal '12. Just wondering if that's accurate and just how we should 
think about that opportunity going forward? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, 3M is one of – is an important partnership and we are anticipating revenues in the – during 
the year along with revenues related to our Clinical Language 

Understanding investments and some other partnerships as well. I don't have the size for you. 


<Q - Shyam Patil>: Okay. And just my last question, can you talk when you guys do healthcare transcription services 
acquisitions – I think you've done two to three in the past year or two – can you just talk about there the top line and 
bottom line synergies you typically extract from these types of deals? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: With respect to the top line, the synergies are primarily of course the opportunity to expand those 
customer relationships, to offer them an expanded capabilities of our broader product solution and that's our primary 
objective in driving revenue synergies. And in terms of expenses, of course we are able to economize across a common 
infrastructure, common G&A and some economies of scale from incorporating those services with ours. 

<Q - Shyam Patil>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question will be from the line of Richard Davis representing Canaccord. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Richard Hugh Davis>: Hi, thanks very much for publishing your prepared remarks, but the question I have on 
the healthcare side, so it's obvious that you are going in and replacing manual systems given the results and things like 
that. The question that I have is what we have heard from some doctors is as they deploy electronic health records, their 
demand for dictation goes down somewhere between 5% and 15% because a lot of times parts of the record will 
already be pre-populated and so therefore there will be less dictation there. So that's – so the question is not so much 
that you are not going to win new accounts and convert them, but as hospitals deploy electronic health records, do you 
see – have you seen a diminishment in the number of lines that a specific doctor would have? In other words kind of 
negative same store sales, but maybe that's offset by more people adopting it. So kind of help me out with the 
longer-term thoughts of how electronic health records mesh with dictation? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, your question actually frames the points well. There is some evidence and there are some 
instances where we see diminution of lines for a specific set of doctors and a specific institution on some EMR 
systems, it's uneven. But at the same time, we are of course benefiting from more people moving to use our system 
including more people moving to use our system to engage that electronic health record as a more productive interface. 
And as we go through this year, that will be augmented by people who are using our system as part of a broader 
computer aided physician documentation solution, which we have talked about in conjunction with 3M previously. So, 
yes, there is some leakage, but I don't think it's a primary effect in our overall healthcare market. 

<Q - Richard Hugh Davis>: Got it. So, you pay attention to it, but it's not disastrous by any stretch. 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Right. 

<Q - Richard Hugh Davis>: Got it. Thanks. 

Operator 

And we have a question from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John S. Byun>: Thank you. Paul, just on the healthcare of business below 10% organically, can you just give us 
your sense of what you think that should be running at organic kind of going forward rate and I had a quick follow up? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: We have aimed for the mid teens for our healthcare growth. We have struggled a bit this year to 
achieve it. There have been a number of things going on. I continue to believe that given the breadth of our product 
offerings, the increased investments in our sales organization and particularly the new CLU solutions that are coming 
on stream later this year, that we'll be able to achieve that kind of growth rate. 

<Q - John S. Byun>: Okay. And just from an enterprise perspective, what do you think the biggest catalyst is for you 
over the next year to get that business back to where you would like to see it, is there technology that's going to be 
shifting from a particular segment that you think is going to be helpful or is it – just trying to understand how you think 


about the levers there? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I don't think it's one thing, and in our prepared remarks we mentioned some of the contributors to 
what we thought would enhance growth this year and those include some new solutions, the integration of our voice 
enabled technologies with other multi-channel frameworks, the introduction of voice biometrics, the continued 
expansion of Nuance Mobile Care which is an enterprise oriented solution. And along with the continued focus on 
development of channel partners, we were pleased by the momentum we saw in the end of the year in enterprise, but I 
think it will be a combination of those things and our plans for FY '12 are in fact stronger than the overall results in FY 
'11 for enterprise business. 

<Q - John S. Byun>: Thank you for the color. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to the line of John Bright with Avondale Partners. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: Good afternoon. Paul, what impact has Apple's iPhone 4S's success had on Nuance? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, I think that the Apple Siri announcement along with a number of other things going on in 
the industry have to reiterate something that was mentioned in an earlier question and answer, have heightened the 
understanding of the capabilities of speech recognition and natural language processing technologies. And interestingly 
it is these combination of things and we see these capabilities in a number of systems, I might mention including 
Dragon Go! which we've talked about in previous calls. They are also bringing attention to the capabilities of using a 
combination of voice and language technologies to better understand the user's intent and to arrive at predicted, at 
desired outcomes in a more efficient way. And I think that is a compelling proposition not only in the mobility 
segment, but importantly in the healthcare segment where we are applying those same technologies in our next of 
generation solutions and in the enterprise business. So, it has been a part of an overall shift of appreciation for the 
capabilities of these technologies across our markets. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: When Apple was looking to deploy this, who were their options for speech recognition? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I don't know the answer to that question, you'd have to take it to Apple, I'm afraid. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: Okay. Staying with the mobile segment, in your prepared remarks you talked about hosting 
services for voicemail to text. How are you paid for that offering? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I just didn't hear your question completely please? 

<Q - John F. Bright>: In the – staying with mobile in your prepared text you talked about hosting services for 
voicemail to text. How are you paid for that offering? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Transactionally, so we're paid predominantly by carriers as voicemail to text transactions occur. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: And you also mentioned in your prepared text below in that paragraph that you have a fully 
automated service that you are hosting, is that something that – how meaningful is that right now? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I am not familiar with that particular comment, so I'm just trying to take quick look at it. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: Fourth to the bottom line in the mobile consumer solutions, page three? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, most voicemail to text is fully automated at this point. Sorry, the – in the early periods of 
voicemail to text there were hybrid solutions that involved human services and there is still some of that used early on 
in new markets, but every quickly it goes to a fully automated solution for a number of reasons including the economic 
efficiency, the pricing requirements of the business and the privacy imperatives that the carriers believe. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: On the enterprise segment, below – next paragraph below that, you talked about your Loquendo 
acquisition and do you talk about it as a potential for an important catalyst expanding Nuance market presence in 


Europe and Latin America, maybe you can give us an idea of the size of that opportunity in any potential timeframe? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well we don't typically give any specific details on revenues so to say with a acquisition like that. 
But we will see benefits of the Loquendo acquisition this year in the European and Latin American markets. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: But where I was going with the question, Paul, is there seemed to be an uptick in your 
international revenues this quarter, is that correct? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Yes. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: And – then what was the – how should I think about the – what was the makeup of those, what 
were the – what were you paid for internationally? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, there were a number of contributors to our international revenues including our Mobility 
business and our Enterprise business. I don't think Loquendo had any appreciable revenues at all in the quarter. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: Okay. Last set of questions, these are more probably for Tom on the FY '12 guidance. Tom, 
would you have an organic growth range embedded in your FY '12 guidance. 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: No, no. I mean it's dependent upon the acquisitions. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: So the acquisitions you have already done or potential future acquisitions. 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: We have an organic growth rate, we just don't publish it. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: Okay. But the guidance doesn't include any future acquisitions? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Right. The growth rate wouldn't be affected by acquisitions, because as you know, we look at the 
trend of acquisitions after we've – as if we have owned them for the full period. But my point is we just don't give 
forward organic growth rate guidance. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: And there is no acquisitions, there is no unknown acquisitions. For instance you don't include 
anything you have and already purchased, is that fair to assume? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Yes. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: Yeah. Last one for you, Paul, maybe you can give us some M&A thoughts, if you just think 
about as we look at your business and think about it from a Healthcare standpoint, Mobile standpoint and Enterprise 
standpoint primarily, maybe your thoughts on where you need to make some strategic additions and how you look at 
those three from an acquisition standpoint? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, we don't need to make acquisitions, we make them when the market opportunity presents 
itself and it's very difficult in advance to predict what we will do. We are constantly looking at opportunities and 
occasionally the price that we are willing to pay and the price that the seller is insisting upon meet and if it meets our 
strategic goals and our operational goals, financial goals we act on it. It's very difficult to know in advance. We 
certainly see opportunities in all of our markets right now. 

<Q - John F. Bright>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Tom Roderick representing Stifel, Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Hi, good afternoon, guys. So, Paul let me just kind of follow-up on the last question regarding 
Apple and I know sort of the elephant in room that you can't talk a lot about that relationship, but I am curious to the 
respect that the prepared remark detail the delivery in the fourth quarter of what is considered to be the most 
sophisticated network speech system in the world. Did that delivery of that product drive a spike in fourth quarter 


revenues on the Mobile side or should we think about the Mobile side sort of being sustainable at this new higher level 
of around $60 million? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: So, I don't want to provide forecasts by segment in the future because that's just not something 
Tom and I have done before and it's just not our practice. The answer to your first question is no, it didn't provide a 
spike. We did enjoy a lot of mobile revenues in the fourth quarter – contributed from a number of arrangements, some 
of which are ongoing, some of which are not. So, it's hard for me to tell you what revenues will look like in each of the 
next four quarters. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Paul if we look at that level of revenue from Mobile consumer, can you give us a sense as to 
how much of that revenue is driven by variable contributions meaning unit volume of phones purchased during the 
quarter versus what level of that is design win focused and other agreements, might be Enterprise agreements or 
otherwise? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Very difficult to – I don't have the answer to that question. But, even if I had the data, it's 
extremely difficult to break that out cleanly. As we mentioned in our – one place in our remarks, we are seeing an 
increasing trend where our revenues will be the product of a licensing agreement and a services agreement. And even 
the services agreement might include the delivery of hosted services and some form of engineering services. So, it's not 
simple to break those out, and I don't have that data for you. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay. Last question from me Paul, just in thinking about the profitability by segment. I guess I 
don't recall this being published before, so this looks new; anything behind the decision to break out profitability by 
segment? And as we look at Mobile, again big jump in profitability in the last quarter, big jump over the course of the 
year. Can that segment stay at that profitability level for next year? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I'll take the second question and let Tom handle the first question. The profitability was up as you 
noted in this quarter, and of course that was driven to the earlier question to some extent by the enhanced licensing 
revenues in the quarter. Licensings are high margin revenue, and so therefore we would expect to see a sharp 
improvement of profitability. So, whether we see that kind of profitability in the future will depend on the level of 
licensing. With respect to the decision to do it, Tom will address that. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay. 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: So, the decision to provide profitability by segment is really an evolution of how we 
continue to evolve in the way we look at the business. As you'll see the profitability by segment is consistent with the 
revenue segment reporting we've been doing for a while. And it's really a SEC and accounting requirement as we go 
forward. 

<Q - Tom Roderick>: Okay, very good. Thank you guys. 

Operator 

And we have a question from the line of Jeff Van Rhee with Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Great, thank you. Paul just to follow up briefly on the Mobile services, just for clarification 
maybe, can you give us a sense both based on what you've done and what you have got in the pipeline, some sense of 
the proportion of revenues from a relationship that you expect to come in the form of license versus the proportion that 
may come from recurring services over time, even if you can give us a range, at least get us in the ballpark of what 
these relationships look like now and based on what deals in the pipe are going to look like going forward? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I don't have that information to share. I apologize. I just don't have it. I can give you this 
guidance: as a proportion of total revenues, total Mobile consumer revenues, services will continue to grow and grow at 
a somewhat accelerating rate as we deliver more and more capability over the network. And it remains today a minority 
of the overall revenues, and our license – overall Mobile revenues and our license revenues will continue to be robust. 
So I don't think it will overtake it for some time, but that's probably as much granularity as I can offer you. 


<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: You pointed out in the release, and shows in the numbers obviously, the professional services or 
the services margins were down. Should we be thinking of this as the baseline going forward or was there something 
abnormal that these would rebound back to some of the more normalized levels? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Tom, do you want to answer? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: I think it's just a reflection of depending on mix of hosted services versus both 
professional services and also which business unit that comes from. You can see a quarter-to-quarter shift, but it's not 
really a trend that we see going forward. We think there is continued growth in a lot of our services areas and you will 
see some minor shifts particularly between product and services and maintenance and support quarter to quarter. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. So we shouldn't assume this as a new level, the historical levels are the more normalized 
levels? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: Correct. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. And then just two other questions. Paul you touched at a high level about expectations 
around longer-term growth for Healthcare in the mid teens range. Could you just touch – obviously you are not giving a 
segment guide for the year but over some more of an intermediate period how you think about each of the other 
segments? So even if it's a range in terms of roughly what we can think about in terms of growth? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, we have tried to do that very roughly in the past and what we have indicated is that we 
think the Mobile consumer business will continue to be our fastest growing business for the foreseeable future driven 
by all the factors that we have talked about in our earlier questions and answers today. The number is getting large 
enough that the absolute growth rate would likely trend down, but it's hard to know. In Healthcare, I think I addressed 
that. Our Imaging business has enjoyed a resurgence over the last year owing to a number of factors. We believe that 
the integration of the eCopy solutions and the Equitrac solutions are very compelling to our large partners in the 
imaging market, and we think that can sustain growth, although perhaps not at quite the levels we saw on average this 
year. But still attractive growth and I think potentially double-digit growth. And the Enterprise business is, if we meet 
our own internal expectations, going to do better this year than it has done in the past – the past couple of years, but I 
think it will be a relatively modest growing business given some of the winds it faces. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. And then lastly as you look at the cash flows and you look out at the forward year, if 
we're 12 months out looking back at the fiscal '12, what are the gaps we should be thinking about in terms of the 
difference between pro-forma net income and cash flow from operations, in particular I'm just thinking about one-time 
items, maybe earn outs or anything else that we should know about before we get going on the year? Thank you. 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I don't think the earn outs typically go to cash flow, but there is a reference in the prepared 
remarks about some amount of cash flow, some amount of gap between the, difference between the net income and 
cash flows related to the stock option expense, and there is also a reference to some restructuring. And I think those are 
likely to be the big things. Anything else, Tom? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: No, those are the – the restructuring and acquisitions cost which we guided a little bit last 
quarter, we had about half that, so it was about $10 million. APAC as we continue to use more of stock based comp and 
that's a negative to cash flow from operations, but it's offsetting positive to cash flow from financing. So, it has no 
immediate effect on cash. And then the rest of it is just kind of working capital: some quarters it's positive, some 
quarters it's a little bit negative. It has a tendency to flush itself out over quarter as we've said historically. Those are the 
three major factors. 

<Q - Jeff Van Rhee>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we have a question from the line of Steven Koenig with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Steve Koenig>: Thanks for taking my questions. I'd like to ask you about the acquisitions, realize you don't break 
out the revenue contributions. Can you speak as specifically as possible about accretion this quarter and how they are 
comparing with plan particularly SVOX, Equitrac, and WebMD in Q4? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I don't have the particulars in front of me. I can say, qualitatively we were pleased in the fourth 
quarter with the contributions of those three acquisitions as compared with their plans. And I don't know what the 
accretion dilution was. It's very early on for those acquisitions. So it's unlikely to have been material at all. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Okay. And then, going forward in fiscal '12 when you consider those acquisitions and Loquendo 
and Swype, what are your thoughts about accretion from that whole set in fiscal '12? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: We don't publish numbers of accretion of a collection of acquisitions. Sometimes when we 
acquire a company, we give earnings benefit from certain acquisitions of scale. And I don't know which of those we did 
provide guidance on, you'd have to look in the previous documents. But all of those businesses will have been owned 
for a full year at that point. And, so we would typically have achieved virtually all the synergies we're going to achieve, 
not in every case, but in – but in most of those cases we would have achieved the synergies, the cost synergies we are 
going to achieve in the first year and our benchmark is typically to have an acquisition that is accretive within the first 
full year. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Okay. Can I ask you about the maintenance line, we saw some pretty good upside on that line 
relative to our forecast. I'm wondering did it exceed your plan and if so what products are driving that or other factors 
might be driving that? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Tom? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: I think, it's just – it's a mix across a couple of our businesses and I think, in – and 
particularly in our Imaging business we've had a slightly stronger maintenance and support activities as we've been able 
to push some products through some of those acquisitions and some of the new offerings that we have. That's the 
primary activity. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Okay. And then very last question. Can you tell us, where do you stand on the convert? I didn't 
have a lot of time looking at the press release and also any – can you give any color on – there were some commentary 
when you announced the convert about conducting negotiations to do repurchases with investors in the offering. Can 
you explain that a little bit? And can I ask you where do you stand on that? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: Just to summarize, we did a $690 million convertible debt offering. In conjunction with 
that at the same time, we also completed a $200 million buyback, that's in the prepared remarks. That was executed. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: Do you have any other 


<Q - Steve Koenig>: No, that's great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: I think you will find some more details in the comments. 

<Q - Steve Koenig>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Next we'll go to Scott Zeller's line with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Thank you. Looking at the on-demand contracts, just to clarify, does that three-year figure 
encompass all of the quote cloud and On Demand revenue at Nuance? Should we think of that as capturing everything? 


<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: Yes, it's the three-year On Demand value, it includes renewals and it's for – it equates to 
more of our hosted offerings in all different categorizations across the business units. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Okay. And of that number, have you disclose or would you be willing to give color on what the 
breakdown is between Healthcare as a contribution versus non-Healthcare? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: [ph] We don't (36:30) break that number down by specific business units. We do give the 
Healthcare line count, which is one indicator of some of our hosted revenues in Healthcare. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Okay. And then also if you could offer color on the trending for the quarter, you gave the 
year-over-year, and as we look quarter-to-quarter it was up modestly. Can you talk about may be the seasonality of that 
number? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: Around hosting? 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Yes, and the growth of it quarter to quarter, the growth of the value of the contracts over three-year 
period quarter to quarter? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: There is not a lot of seasonality. I think it's just a question of the bookings by quarter and 
how it plays. And there is number of varying business units that go into that as you know. So again it's tough to look at 
it quarter-by-quarter, you need to kind of look at the overall trend over two or three quarters. 

<Q - Scott Zeller>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Scott Sutherland's line representing Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: Hi, great. Thank you. Getting back to Loquendo and Swype, the recent acquisitions, are 
both of these included in your 2012 guidance and can you say if they are accretive or dilutive of basically neutral to 
your guidance? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: They are both included in the guidance, and I don't have any more comments on whether either of 
them is accretive or dilutive in the full year. 

<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: Okay. When you look at Loquendo, you did most of your prepared remarks in the 
Enterprise segment. I also know they did some stuff in the automobile space. Is it going to be split between those two 
segments or is it mostly an Enterprise base when we model out by the operating segments? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Very modest contributions outside of Enterprise, it's an Enterprise acquisition. 

<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: Okay. Lastly when you look at Apple with Siri on the artificial intelligence and Amazon 
rumored to be buying Yap, can you talk about the value chain of speech recognizers, artificial intelligence on the apps, 
where the value is and how they all work together as speech rolls out in the future in all these devices? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, these solutions as they are beginning to appear, incorporate a number of technologies and 
the line between them is not as bright as it might appear. For example the distinction between speech recognition and 
natural language processing is one that Nuance has blurred in a number of its offerings over the last few years including 
our Healthcare offerings, our Enterprise offerings and more recently our Mobility offerings with products such as 
Dragon Go! What I think is clear is that a number of things, including the combination of those technologies, the 
amount of data that's available, the processing power available in the cloud and some other things are allowing systems 
to be built today that go beyond simply recognizing what's being asked and more interpreting what's being asked and 
trying to reason about what the user's intent is specifically. And that intent can be in quite a broad set of domains, as I 
referenced earlier, from a customer care call to a physician trying to provide input on a set of patient conditions to the 
kinds of mobile experiences you're seeing on the Apple phone and other devices today. 


<Q - Scott P. Sutherland>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We have a question from the line of Mike Latimore with Northland Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Mike Latimore>: Great. Thanks a lot. Just back on the services gross margins. I know you said that that probably 

– the prior quarters are more normal service gross margin levels. I guess, relative to that, I mean, do you see the service 
gross margin expanding over time or is that kind of – I mean, in the long-term, where do you see that potentially 
getting? 
<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, Tom has a number of initiatives underway to try and improve our gross margin in any – in 
our various services segments. There are of course countervailing pricing pressures. But overall, we have generally 
been successful at achieving productivity improvements within each of our cost of goods elements. 

<Q - Mike Latimore>: Okay. And then on the enterprise, in terms of On Demand versus [ph] on-premise (41:10), are 
you seeing the pipeline build a little bit more favorably in the On Demand side or On Premise or both or sounds like 
you are a little more optimistic on the Enterprise, I guess, of those two categories which to you is most promising? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, the happy news of recent months has been that we've seen somewhat of a resumption of 
activity in our On Premise aspects of our Enterprise business, particularly with some of our channel partners and we've 
brought a number of very visible On Demand customers online and that is creating a renewed interest around that 
model with new potential customers. 

<Q - Mike Latimore>: What percent roughly of Enterprise business comes from the channel or OEM segment of it? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: I'm afraid I don't have that at my fingertips. 

<Q - Mike Latimore>: Okay. And just last in the Mobile segment, do you expect the automobile category to grow 
faster than the overall Mobile category? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, it has been among the fastest growing elements of our overall Mobile business, but I don't 
know that I would make a big distinction in the growth rate there. 

<Q - Mike Latimore>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

[audio gap] (42:36) Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Matthew J. Coss>: Hi this is Matt Coss in for Mark Murphy. Just a quick question back on the three year value 
of total On Demand contracts. I mean it looks it had been growing at kind of a 20% range for the last few quarters and 
then it looks like 17% year-over-year growth in this quarter. Is that anything to be concerned about? And then 
secondly, I know that probably both the carriers and manufacturers keep a lot of data on the usage of voice recognition 
technology. Have they shared anything about that usage that indicates to you a strong amount of stickiness, especially 
on the new iPhone? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, on your first question, I think Tom's earlier advice about the On Demand contract value 
was a good one, which is that you should trend those numbers over a number of quarters and look at the directionality 
that's provided from that trending rather than looking at any one quarter. I think that's generally good advice. 

On the second question, there is a lot of data being collected in a number of our mobile implementations about usage 
and patterns. And I can't talk specifically about what's being shared and not shared. I will tell you that there is plenty of 
data that we're seeing that suggests not only are the absolute numbers going up very fast, but that we're seeing a 
growing population of persistent users, which I think is what perhaps you are asking about. 


<Q - Matthew J. Coss>: Exactly, yes, that's what I'm asking about. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go, our final question today comes from the line of Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Dan T. Cummins>: Thanks very much. Let's see first one or two quick ones for Tom. Is the recent capital raise 
reflected as straight debt or as converted in the guidance? Be helpful if you could just talk about share count you are 
projecting. 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: Well, it's all factored into the guidance both and as we noted the slight increase in the 
interest expenses associated with it and the share counts. 

<Q - Dan T. Cummins>: Okay. So if the interest expense there, you are showing it as debt. Okay, and the $18 million? 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: Just to be clear on that, there's only a small coupon on the converts, I think 2.75%. 

<Q - Dan T. Cummins>: Right. Okay. The R&D or restructuring charge on the income statement, the $18 million, 
some color on that, was that for any recent M&A? And then I have some questions for Paul. 

<A - Thomas L. Beaudoin>: There was a small intangible that you're probably referring to that we changed the useful 
life on just given some work we've done around branding in one of our business units, which resulted in, I think, about 
an $18 million charge. 

<Q - Dan T. Cummins>: Okay. Thank you. So, I guess I may have already heard a no-vote on this, but I think it would 
be helpful if we could get in advance your periodic base figures for calculating the organic growth, maybe post-fiscal 
year seems appropriate and I think that would be helpful. Paul, in Mobile, I wanted to ask how you're looking at the 
logical segmentation of the mobile markets right now for Nuance with respect to R&D, is it by OEM or is it by big 
ecosystem? If you could just comment on how you are approaching the market and maybe something on relative 
penetration across some of these big ecosystems. Thanks. 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: Well, our internal investments are focused not as much at the question of the ecosystems you 
referred to as the question of the end markets. A considerable amount of our technology is common across those 
markets, but some of it is not. I referred earlier to the expansion into the consumer electronics, home entertainment 
market for example. So we tend to think about the value of our technologies in those ultimate markets, and it's very 
difficult for me to give you any kind of aggregate sense of penetration because the penetration is very, very different by 
submarket and by the particular product we are talking about. We have a relatively high penetration in phones, for 
example, in our predictive text language technologies and very low penetration of our speech technologies in the home 
entertainment, so it's very difficult to given an aggregate number. 

<Q - Dan T. Cummins>: Okay. And then one more, maybe this is something that hopefully you will cover at the 
Analyst Day, but on the voice authentication market, what's your assessment of that opportunity looking out a couple of 
years, do you think this is a technology where you are going to see traction in each of your major voice markets 
relatively quickly or is it more or less confined to Enterprise right now? 

<A - Paul A. Ricci>: We will talk about that at our Analyst Day, and there has been unquestionably a heightened 
interest in voice authentication in Enterprise but as well in the mobility market and it's hard for me to know what rate 
it's going to be realized. We certainly have made plans for appreciable additional revenues this year, but it remains to 
be seen what timing on that is. 

<Q - Dan T. Cummins>: Okay. Thank you. 

Paul A. Ricci 


Okay then, let me thank you all for your participation today and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using 
the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


