Q2 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Chris Evenden 
• Karen Burns 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Christopher Adan Jackson Rolland 
• Gabriel Ho 
• Blayne Curtis 
• Dean Grumlose 
• Christopher Caso 
• Betsy Van Hees 
• James Schneider, Ph.D. 
• Craig A. Ellis 
• David M. Wong 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good evening. My name is Lisa and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the NVIDIA First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And at this time I'd like to 
turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Evenden, Senior Director of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir. 

Chris Evenden 

Thanks, Lisa. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to NVIDIA's Conference Call for the Second Quarter of Fiscal 
2014. With me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Karen 
Burns, Interim Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we'll open up the call for a question-and-answer 
session. Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow up. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's investor relations website 
and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until August 15, 2013, and 
the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our third quarter of 
fiscal 2014. The content of today's call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed without our prior 
written consent. 

During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on the current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of facts that could affect our future financial results and businesses, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended April 28, 2013, and the reports we 
may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 


All our statements are made as of today, August the 8, 2013, based on information available to us as of today. And 
except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all 
references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon 
Peddie Research. 

During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP in our financial release, which is posted on our website. 

With that said, let's begin. Our focus on visual computing enabled us to ride out a rough PC market this quarter and is 
setting us up for growth in new markets. Revenue came in at the middle of our outlook, driven by strength in GPU, 
offset by Tegra. PC gaming performed particularly well, enriching our product mix, growing our share of GPU revenue 
and driving margins to another record high. 

The PC market is evolving, as entry level laptops face pressure from tablets, yet sales of specialty PCs like gaming 
systems and workstations continues to grow. The disparity reflects how consumers use these different classes of PCs. 
Many consumers look to a PC as a general purpose device they can use for browsing, e-mail, social media and video, 
but much of this can be better served by a tablet. In contrast, gamers are preparing their systems for a strong roster of 
games coming this fall, including blockbuster franchises such as Call of Duty: Ghost, Grand Theft Auto V, and 
Assassin's Creed IV. 

In a similar vein, for digital artists and designers the workstation is the tool of their trade. They depend on increasing 
processing power to deliver results for their clients, and the use of specialty PCs could become even more widespread 
with the growth of new applications like 3D printing. Open platforms such as PC and Android are outgrowing the 
walled gardens of the traditional console market. They benefit from more innovation. Nearly half the developers 
surveyed at GTC recently were working on PC games compared to only 11% on next-gen consoles. 

PC game revenues are expected to reach around $20 billion annually by 2015, whereas the total for both PlayStations 
will be less than $10 billion, and Xbox is only around half that. 

In mobile, games generate 80% of the revenues on Google's marketplace, and two-thirds of the time spent on a tablet is 
spent playing games. 

It's this innovation and energy that we're leveraging with SHIELD. It started shipping July 31 and the critical reception 
has been excellent. VentureBeat described it as a game geek's dream device. A writer at Forbes said it got him excited 
about gaming again. And CNET has called it a high quality device with stellar performance. 

Because SHIELD is an open platform, it can access anything available to an Android tablet. That means there were 
literally hundreds of thousands of games available for SHIELD the day it launched. It's a web browser and a way to 
update Facebook. It excels as a Netflix movie player and as an Internet radio or Pandora music player, thanks to the 
effort we've put into our loudspeaker and acoustic design. 

SHIELD is the best way to play games, Android games, and a key element of our strategy to generate a virtuous circle 
in open gaming. It links to GeForce on PCs so gamers can play PC games from their couch. One day it'll be an 
excellent client for GRID gaming. We've paired it with TegraZone, a curated collection of games, all tested on Tegra 
and many of them optimized for Tegra. TegraZone has been installed over 7.5 million times already and that number 
increases around 10% per quarter. 

The model we're building for games is familiar for – from music and movies. You can buy a song from Amazon and 
download it to your device or stream it directly from a service like Spotify or even buy it and host it in a cloud at 
Google. Similarly, a gamer can download games to SHIELD, play, play a game online and soon stream it from GRID. 

Our content group helps to develop and differentiate their games on our platforms and this creates synergy across 
devices. Games optimized for SHIELD will also look great on Tegra 4 devices like the HP SlateBook x2 or the Toshiba 
Excite Pro, both of which shipped this quarter. Games optimized at GeForce will be excellent candidates for GRID 
gaming. In this way, SHIELD, GeForce and GRID each benefit the other and gamers benefit from a dynamic 
ecosystem. 


Q2 is a trough quarter for Tegra, and you'll see more Tegra 4 devices – but you'll see more Tegra 4 devices launched 
through the balance of this year. Meanwhile qualification of our modems, both the standalone baseband i500 and the 
integrated application processor Tegra 4i, is proceeding as expected and we're making steady progress towards 
certification at a number of carriers. 

We previewed our next generation mobile processor, Project Logan, last month. Logan includes our first mobile Kepler 
GPU, delivering what the technical press described as unambiguous mobile GPU leadership. Licensing our GPU cores 
as we announced this quarter allows us to generate revenue from markets previously inaccessible such as vertically 
integrated smartphone OEMs. 

The mobile Kepler inside Logan has around three times the performance per watt of the iPad 4 GPU yet performs like a 
new desktop part. We showed it running Epic Games' next-generation game engine Unreal Engine 4 and running Ira, 
the face demo that was recently at an investor day in April was restricted to high-end gaming PCs. Forbes suggested 
that NVIDIA's Logan could be a mobile graphics disrupter. Gizmodo said that if you get a new phone in 2014 with 
crazy battery life and amazing on-screen performance, the Kepler GPU will be the reason. Other press were similarly 
enthusiastic. 

Last year we made the decision to pull in Tegra 4i and Logan. This made us late to market with Tegra 4. However, with 
Project Logan we're early and well-positioned to capture key design wins. 

Moving on to our GPU server business, Tesla had an excellent quarter, very nearly its best ever. Notably, this quarter's 
revenue was driven by application based deals. That is, customers using off-the-shelf applications are turning to Tesla 
GPUs to accelerate them. This validates our continued investment in software, for example last week's acquisition of 
PGI, the leading developer of compilers for high-performance computing. Also, since this revenue passes through 
OEMs, it requires much less sales and support resources from us and offers a more efficient route to scale for that 
business. 

In professional visualization, Quadro displayed a strong sequential and year-over-year growth. We launched the 
Quadro K6000 to complete the lineup of Kepler top to bottom. Prospects look good for future growth. 80% of Quadro 
sales are driven by manufacturing and recent PMI and auto manufacturing data has been very encouraging. 

GRID is showing increased traction in the ecosystem. We announced this quarter that GRID is now supported natively 
within XenDesktop 7. So enterprise is considering Citrix virtualized infrastructures can easily also evaluate GPU 
acceleration. We have over 150 proof of concept trials underway, and a dozen Citrix VAR partners working on active 
GRID opportunities. Our focus on gaming, visualization and compute generated growth in a turbulent market. 
Leveraging our IP into new markets and applying GPUs to the cloud will accelerate that growth in future. 

With that, I'd like to hand over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Chris. Hello, everyone. I want to highlight some key points before we open up for Q&A. Overall results for the 
second quarter exceeded our original expectations, driven by strong demand in the high-end segments of our GPU 
business across desktop, work station and server. Gross margins are now in the 56% range, with Q2 being a fourth 
consecutive record quarter. 

The performance of our GPU business and intense focus on cost delivered EPS at $0.16 on a GAAP basis and $0.23 on 
a non-GAAP basis. These were $0.04 above Street consensus estimates of $0.12 for GAAP and $0.19 for non-GAAP. 

Revenue for the quarter of $977 million was at the midpoint of our outlook. The GPU business was very strong, with a 
9% increase quarter-over-quarter and up 8% over the prior year. Growth was fueled by the release of new Kepler-based 
GPUs for high-end and desktop and with Kepler-based GPUs now available top to bottom for workstation and server. 


Revenue for the Tegra processor business was down 49% sequentially and 71% year-over-year. We had expected a 
drop, as discussed last quarter, with the ramp down of Tegra 3 products and ahead of Tegra 4 shipment. Nonetheless, 
we are disappointed with the size of the decline. Due to current dynamics in the mobile space, we believe it will be 
challenging for Tegra revenue to remain flat year-over-year as originally expected. That said, we anticipate Tegra 
revenue to be up significantly in Q3 from Q2 as we start to ship Tegra 4-based design wins and SHIELD, our NVIDIA 
branded gaming and entertainment portable. And we expect further growth in Q4 as more Tegra 4 OEM products come 
to market. 

Our revenue guidance for Q3 reflects these new expectations. We expect revenue to be up approximately 7% from the 
prior quarter, with stable growth in the GPU business and significant growth in Tegra Processor. 

We again achieved record gross margins this quarter. The large increases you are seeing quarter-over-quarter and 
year-over-year reflect our strong market position in high margin segments of our GPU business, particularly in desktop 
and workstation. For Q3, we expect gross margins to maintain at current levels. 

OpEx this quarter of $401 million was below our outlook at $7 million below the midpoint. Some of this investment 
shifted to Q3. For Q3, we expect OpEx of approximately $460 million for GAAP and $418 million for non-GAAP. Our 
OpEx investments remain tightly aligned to our key growth strategies. 

For visual computing, we are extending the technical leadership of our GPUs, growing GPU for accelerated computing 
and engaging the market with our GRID GPU servers for enterprise VDI. GRID servers are in production by Cisco, 
Dell, HP and IBM. For Tegra SoC, we are leveraging our core GPU investments to bring our visual computing 
leadership to industries that are being revolutionized by Android and ARM. We can make a contribution to many 
applications where a great GPU is desired. To date, we have established a proven market position for Tegra that we will 
build on. Largely with Tegra 2 we generated $360 million in revenue in fiscal 2012 from smartphones and tablets 
alone. Largely with Tegra 3, we grew revenue 50% to $540 million from these devices in fiscal 2013. With Tegra 4, we 
are expanding our reach to other large markets where visual computing matters, such as [ph] auto (13:56) navigation 
systems, TV set-top boxes and new desktop form factors like all-in-ones and smart monitors. 

With non-GAAP OpEx of $797 million in the first half of the year and $418 million expected in Q3, we are tracking at 
the high end of our full year expectations of approximately $1.6 billion. We aim to reduce this amount as we remain 
intensely focused on operating costs. 

Turning to the balance sheet, our overall position remains very strong. In the first half of the fiscal year, we generated 
$275 million in cash from operations and $122 million in free cash flow. Cash at the end of the quarter was $2.9 
billion, a reduction of $778 million from Q1. This relates to our capital return allocation to shareholders of $793 
million, consisting of $43 million in dividend payments and $750 million for share repurchases. In Q2, we executed an 
accelerated share repurchase agreement to repurchase $750 million of shares. To date, we have received 40 million 
shares under this agreement, reducing our outstanding common stock. And we expect to receive additional shares when 
the contract ends in Q3. In addition, year-to-date we have returned $190 million to shareholders, including $100 million 
in share repurchases and $90 million in quarterly dividend payments. With this capital allocation strategy, along with 
our quarterly dividend payments in the second half, we are on track to return capital to shareholders in excess of $1 
billion. 

Thank you. Chris? 

Chris Evenden 

Thanks, Karen. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now take questions. Please limit yourself to one question 
and one follow-up. Lisa? 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Christopher Roland [Friedman, Billings, 
Ramsay, & Co., Inc.]. 

<Q - Christopher Adan Jackson Rolland>: Hi, guys. How are you? Can you guys talk about initial sales or at least 
shipments of SHIELD so far? Is it above, below or in line with your estimates? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Chris. Yeah. Thanks a lot. SHIELD is doing great. The early reviews are fantastic. You 
probably read some of the reviews online. People really love that it's a well-made device. It feels exquisite, and the 
performance is fantastic. It's an open platform, and it does all the things that you would expect an Android device to do 
and more. And people are really loving playing with the beta version of our PC streaming and to be able to enjoy 
GeForce games that looks fantastic on a PC on a small device like that while you're sitting on the couch is pretty 
amazing. 

The sales have been great. Everything that we've shipped so far has sold out, and – but we're just starting to ramp 
production. We've shipped out to our partners only several thousand units, and so it's still quite early to tell but we're 
expecting to do quite well with SHIELD. 

<Q - Christopher Adan Jackson Rolland>: Okay. Great. And also, on the Tegra segment, maybe you can give us a 
little bit more detail there. How should we think about console royalties, I guess pachinko, auto versus your regular 
mobile sort of breakdown and I guess SHIELD is going to be in there too for next quarter? What might that look like 
this quarter as well as next? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well this was our Tegra trough quarter and we had talked about that before, the transition 
between Tegra 3 and Tegra 4. Because we pulled in two very important projects, Tegra 4i with our integrated 4G 
modem and Logan which incorporated our mobile Kepler GPU, as a result of that Tegra 4 was a little later than our 
typical cycle and so we had a gap out and we expected Q2 to be the trough. 

We expect next quarter to be up substantially, and as Karen mentioned earlier. However, there were some 
disappointments this year, some projects that we worked on that we had to spend a lot of effort on, didn't pan out as we 
expected, and it's relatively well-known now, but nonetheless, it didn't – it didn't meet our expectations. 

But overall, I would say that Tegra 4 is going to ramp up very nicely this coming quarter. There is tablets from ASUS, 
Toshiba and HP. There's SHIELD that's ramping up. And there are new devices that are going into production that are 
quite exciting. I think relative to your other question of auto, we had said earlier that auto is about $100 million for the 
year or so roughly, and last year was $50 million and we're expecting next year to be another 100% growth year. Auto, 
as you know, design cycles are quite long, and so the product life is also quite long, but it takes some time to ramp up. 

<Q - Christopher Adan Jackson Rolland>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. And you had just one last thing. You had mentioned something about... 

<Q - Christopher Adan Jackson Rolland>: Sure. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: ...game console royalties. We're not accounting for much from game console royalties. 

<Q - Christopher Adan Jackson Rolland>: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Hi Lisa, next question. 

Operator 

And our next question will come from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 


<Q - Gabriel Ho>: Hi. This is Gabriel Ho calling in for Ambrish. Thanks for taking my question. Actually can you 
give us more details on the licensing initiatives for the graphic technology? And also when should we expect that to 
translate to revenues and more importantly, help us understand the thinking behind that, what kind of customer pool 
were you seeing versus the means to diversify yourself? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Sure. Well we are a specialist in visual computing. This is our core business, and over the 
years, we've – we've enhanced and extended our business model from just chips to now chips and systems such as 
GRID to system components such as GTX cards and Quadro cards and Tesla cards to now including GPU IP. And so 
we're an end-to-end proprietor of GPU technologies to all of the applications that relate to visual computing. 

And the way that we go to market has everything to do with how the customers would enjoy incorporating our 
technology into their products. In some customers, they would like to buy our chip and put it on their own 
motherboard. In some – with some customers, they would like to buy our system components with our software and we 
integrate it into their servers or workstations. Some customers would like to buy in retail, adding cards of GeForce, and 
some customers prefer to build their own chips, their own systems and take it to market themselves. And so in those 
vertically integrated opportunities, we've historically not had an opportunity to serve them with our technology, and 
now with our mobile Kepler GPU that we revealed at SIGGRAPH. It took us some three years to mobilize the world's 
advanced GPU. Now the world's most advanced GPU is in a mobile format. It's the world's first CUDA GPGPU in the 
market – available for mobile and it takes a huge advance in energy efficiency. And now with this Keplar GPU we 
could license our technology in a GPU core format to customers who would like to incorporate it into their own 
products and address their own vertically integrated market with it. And so that's basically the idea. 

<Q - Gabriel Ho>: Thanks. As a follow up, just want to get an idea as you know two or three major game consoles are 
being launched in the second half of the year, how should we think about the PC gaming business? Or what's your view 
on that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, game consoles are fantastic, and I'm looking forward to buying one myself. But today, 
just like in movies and music, you game on every computing platform. And the fastest growing platforms in the world 
today are open platforms. PC is the fastest growing and has now become the largest, some $20 billion worth of global 
software sales. Obviously China is very, very large, but the United States is large as well, Russia and Korea and you 
name it. PC gaming has become very large. The business models are vibrant, whether it's multi-player online games, 
AAA titles or now free to play games. You could see that PC games is just really vibrant. 

The fastest growing – so that's the largest. The fastest growing and now the second largest is mobile. One of the reasons 
why we really feel that we can make a contribution in mobile is because video games is such a large part of the mobile 
experience, and, in fact, it's the largest download of the world's largest digital store, Google Play. It is – video games is 
what people spend the most time actually doing on a tablet, and video games and great computer graphics go hand in 
hand. This is an area where we can add a lot of value. And so these two platforms are the largest and now the fattest 
growing. And I don't think there's anything that game consoles would do at this point that would disrupt that. People 
just have too many PC's and there are too many people with tablets and mobile devices and people like to game 
wherever they happen to be, not just while they're sitting in front of their TV, sitting in front of the family room. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Thanks, Lisa, next question, please. 

Operator 

Yes, sir. And our next question will come from the line of Blayne Curtis with Barclays. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: I wanted to follow up on the Tegra revenue. If you could just talk about the delta, you were 
looking at flat, now it's expected to be down. One, I was wondering if you could just dial in, if you could give any sort 
of magnitude on how much you expect it to decline now. And then you had some ramps that didn't pan out in the first 
half, but are you still looking at the same pipeline of stuff ramping in the second half for you? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: What was the first part of that question? Blayne said it so fast. 


<Q - Blayne Curtis>: If you could dial-in any – you expect it to decline, do you have any sort of range that you could 
provide as to how much it would decline? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Relative to last year? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Yes. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Oh, relative to last year. The decline comes from – so coming into the year we had pretty 
high expectations on one particular platform and there's no sense naming it, but it's a very important platform that also 
derived from it a lot of design wins. And because this particular platform just didn't do as well as we, or, frankly, 
anybody in the industry had hoped, we don't expect as much returns on that investment as we originally hoped. Our 
guess is that it's going to be down a couple hundred million dollars or so, maybe somewhere between $200 million to 
$300 million overall, and we don't expect it in the short-term to come back. But all of the other platforms that we're 
talking about are obviously not affected by this one particular design win and all of it is associated design wins. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Thanks for that. And then on the GPU side, you expected growth into Q3. Is that both desktop 
and notebooks? And if you can just talk about the Haswell refresh. Your notebooks were down a little bit in Q2 or the 
June quarter – or the July quarter. If you could talk about are you expecting to see notebooks see a bit of a rebound with 
Haswell? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think that our notebook was down very, very low single digit year-over-year, and it was 
down single digit from Q2 in the last quarter. And so – so it's slightly down. The overall notebook PC marketplace, of 
course, is not as vibrant as people have hoped, but you know that we're not really in the mainstream PC market. We're 
really in the specialty PC market, whether it's gaming PC or workstation PCs or high performance computing PCs or 
premium consumer PCs or PCs that are used for video editing and digital content creation. That's primarily our target. 

The notebook part of it, of course, the consumer part of it is not vibrant, and we're not expecting it to – in our guidance, 
we're not expecting big growth from it. Our GPU – our growth from GPU is primarily attributed to gaming, to 
workstations, the Quadro workstation GPU and the Tesla GPU. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: And that's relative to October, was that comment? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm sorry, Blayne? 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: My question was, when you look into October, you talked about broad growth. Is both desktops 
and notebooks growing into October? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Yeah. That's the quarter, for Q3. That's where the growth we're expecting. I think that's your 
question. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Sorry if I'm being difficult. I'm just trying to figure out, I think you're answering it but when you 
mentioned all the drivers [indiscernible] (29:46) into October, you left out notebooks. So I just wanted to clarify. Do 
you also expect notebooks to see a bit of a rebound into October? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're not expecting much growth from notebook. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Thanks. Lisa. 

Operator 

And our next question is going to come from the line of Patrick Wang with Evercore. 

<Q>: [ph] Mike (30:09) for Patrick. Thanks for taking my questions. Sticking on GPU, could you talk about the pricing 
around GPUs now? And how will share trend in the second half in your view? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: PC – ASPs are up. But they've been on an upward trend for some time. And that's one of the 
reasons why also because they're shifting towards premium products or specialty products like gaming and 
workstations and high performance computing, what we call GeForce, Quadro and Tesla, because of that, because of 
the growth of those segments, it improves ASP and it improves gross margins. We haven't seen share movements 
substantially for some time, and we're not expecting much later on this year. 

<Q>: All right. Thanks for that. And then maybe can you discuss the buyback plan you're looking for in 3Q and 4Q? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Well we haven't announced any new buyback plan but we certainly have a commitment to capital 
return for the long-term. The contract that we're under right now does not end until the end of Q3. 

<Q>: Is there any dollar amount we should think about for each quarter? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Well, we – it was an accelerated share repurchase, so we're just waiting for the contract to 
complete. We... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Karen, you want to just tell him what the whole thing is for the year? Maybe he hasn't seen 
some of the stuff. 

<A - Karen Burns>: The $750 million is what we're going to repurchase, and the bulk of it, the majority of it, 40 
million shares we have received, and we're expecting an incremental amount in Q3. So it's effectively a share 
repurchase in Q3 as well. 

<Q>: Okay. Will that be complete in Q3 I guess is my question? 

<A - Karen Burns>: It will be – that transaction will be complete in Q3. Any further repurchases we'll announce in 
Q3. 

<Q>: Sounds good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Dean Grumlose>: This is Dean calling in for Kevin. Thank you very much for taking my call. Could you provide 
some extra color on the acceptance and progress in the GRID hardware area? We're seeing a number of software 
announcements. I was wondering how the hardware may be coming along in terms of sale and potentials? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Dean. GRID, just as a background for everybody, GRID is our data center GPU 
server initiative, and GRID has several attributes. One, of course, could be used for high performance computing. One 
could be used for big data analysis, whether it's image recognition or image processing or audio processing or video 
processing. You know that more and more people are uploading just an enormous amount of multimedia data onto the 
web. And the third initiative is virtualization, enterprise virtualization. And one of the most challenging parts of 
enterprise virtualization is called VDI. And so these are the major applications of GRID. All of our OEM's have now 
completed all of their server and data center certifications and are now in productions, Cisco, Dell, HP and IBM. And 
there are trials going around all over the world, where we see, we have visibility into some of them and we track about 
150 all over the world. In Japan, in Europe, in United States, in China, and this quarter we had just started shipping 
early samples. And so we'll see how it turns out, but these – this is our first true enterprise computing application, our 
first true enterprise computing product. And so we're quite excited about the prospects. 

<Q - Dean Grumlose>: If you can comment on this, is there primarily interest in customers building their own 
hardware? Or in using the NVIDIA design? Or how is the interest shaping up in this area? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There are three ways to access GRID. One is buy it from our OEM's, and so that's the Cisco 
and Dell and HP and IBM. And there's some over – almost 30 different server platforms that are now available in the 


marketplace with NVIDIA GPUs in it. The second way is can they build their own data centers and they would buy 
GPUs directly from us. And so these are data centers that they're not announced yet, but they're just large data centers 
that want to build their own data centers. And the third way is for small and medium businesses who would like to 
build – whose customers are single application customers or don't have an IT department or are not big enough to be 
served by large IT companies, in which case they'll buy a fully integrated appliance from us. The last, which is the 
GRID VCA appliance is not in volume production yet. It's sampling in North America, but the first two are in 
production. 

<Q - Dean Grumlose>: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Dean. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from the line of Chris Caso with Susquehanna. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Hey, Chris, are you there? Why don't we go to the next question. 

Operator 

Okay. We're going to move on to... 

<Q - Christopher Caso>: Hi. Can you hear me? Hello? 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Yes, there we go. 

<Q - Christopher Caso>: Sorry. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Go ahead. 

<Q - Christopher Caso>: Sorry about that. Just a first question about OpEx and the – I guess you said that some OpEx 
was pushed forward into this quarter, but your comments also suggested that the OpEx, I guess you were going to take 
some actions to reduce the OpEx going forward. Could you expand on that a bit? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Actually all Karen said was that we're going to target the $1.6 billion that we had – we've 
said before. 

<Q - Christopher Caso>: Okay. So I mean, I guess going forward, even as we look over the longer term, I know 
you're making a lot of investments in the business at this point. Just some general guidance about the level of OpEx 
spending we should expect going forward. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't think the plan is to reduce OpEx below the current levels. We're investing in three 
very, very important initiatives. One is GRID. GRID puts our GPUs and data centers which powers cloud computing, I 
can't imagine a more important initiative. The second is Tegra which is going after the Android and ARM computing 
revolution. Computing devices are cropping up everywhere. Of course it's already – we know that it's disrupted 
smartphones. It's in the process of disrupting computing with tablets. But it will – its disruption will propagate out to 
consumer electronics, to gaming, to TVs, to automobiles, to just about anything with a computing device. And 
wherever there's a computer there's an opportunity that some of them would require GPUs. 

And what Tegra is about, that initiative is about is addressing those opportunities. And wherever we can address those 
opportunities, what Tegra, the effort of Tegra, the focus of Tegra spins off because of that intense focus on energy 
efficiency and targeting mobile devices and small computing devices, it spins off GPU cores that we can now use as 
core IP. And so our investment is really around these three areas, GRID, Tegra and our core IP initiatives. And I think 
these are three very large and very important growth initiatives that are very important to invest in. 


And so we're not expecting to reduce OpEx. What Karen is saying is that we're constantly focused on making sure that 
there are no waste in the company, and we are – we are the largest visual computing company in the world, and our 
investments are leveraged from visual computing and leveraged from our GPUs, but these are still large investments, as 
you know. 

<Q - Christopher Caso>: Okay, great. As a follow-up, if perhaps – I just want to make sure that I understood the 
comments earlier with regard to the Tegra expectations for the year. I guess, I think, we said was $200 million to $300 
million in Tegra revenues overall, if you could just clarify to make sure that I got it right and... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Oh, actually it – it's actually backwards. I think last year we had done something along the 
lines of $750 million in Tegra, in overall Tegra from smartphones to tablets to automobile to embedded entertainment. 
Whether it's, you know, Windows on ARM or – excuse me, Win RT or Android, okay. So that's – all of that was under 
Tegra, and last year was about $750 million. This year we're expecting it to be somewhere between $200 million to 
$300 million less than that. And even though the second half is going to be a big increase from the first half, we're not 
expecting the increase in the second half to make up for the full year last year. Was that clear, Chris? 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Next please. 

Operator 

Okay. And we'll go ahead and move to our next question and that is Betsy Van Hees with Wedbush Securities. 

<Q - Betsy Van Hees>: Thanks for taking my question. You guys have done a really great job of growing gross 
margin quarter-over-quarter and then I believe you guided it for 56% this quarter. Are we going to continue to see as 
we look forward the continued strides in gross margin or are we kind of plateauing out here? That's my first question. 
Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Betsy. There are several drivers for gross margins. One is Quadro, our professional 
visualization products is quite rich in gross margins; because it's mostly a [ph] thoughtful (41:59) product our value 
proposition in Quadro is very heavily related to all of the middleware and tools and all of the algorithm technologies 
that we incorporate into software packages all over the world that are – that are processed by Quadro. 

Tesla is rich in gross margins because again it's very much a computing platform product. It's not a chip product. And 
it's about the programming model. It's about the programming language. It's about compilers and tools and libraries and 
all about all of the computational mathematicians that work with our supercomputing centers and research centers 
around the world to solve the world's most complex science problems. 

What also helps our gross margins – drives our gross margins is GRID. GRID, again, is a heavily software product. The 
GPU hypervisor, all of the compatibility that's integrated into all of the hypervisors and to enterprise infrastructures 
around the world, the value proposition that it delivers, it's just very much a software product. And, of course, in the 
future if we were successful with our core GPU core IP strategy, that would be a big, big lift on gross margins. And so 
we have products that are very software intensive, very IP intensive and, therefore, very margin rich. But we also have 
OEM products where we have to compete against other chip providers and our margins are much more compressed 
there. And so it just depends on where – which one of these parts of our businesses grow faster. 

I'm not exactly sure whether I'd be happier if the gross margins were to be richer and richer or whether our revenues 
were to outpace our gross margin growth. But we have the vehicles now from IP, to chips, to very value rich, software 
rich system components and systems to be able to drive our growth. And yet we can be singularly focused on visual 
computing, we can be singularly focused in being the world's best GPU provider and serve these markets that are 
growing quickly. 

<Q - Betsy Van Hees>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. That was very, very helpful. And as we look at the guidance and we look at 
the GPU business and Tegra and the licensing, is it fair to say that the GPU business is going to be in line with the 
midpoint of your guidance and then you are going to have the significant growth in Tegra but that's going to be offset 


because of some of the declines in the video game consoles? Is that how we should be looking at the quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think that's a good, good approximation. Our GPU product line basically is midpoint of 
margins, and so if you see Quadro grow faster than top line, if you see Tesla growth faster than top line, if you see 
GRID grow faster than top line, then I would expect our gross margins to increase. If you see Tegra grow faster than 
top line, then you would see our gross margins come under some pressure. And if they both grow at similar rates, then 
our gross margins would stay flat. 

<Q - Betsy Van Hees>: Okay. Thanks. And I know I said that was my last question but I do have one more. And that's, 
I know you guys don't give forward guidance, just the quarter. But as we look at the January quarter, what's typical 
seasonality in the January quarter? I know things have changed a lot in the dynamics of the PC market. But how do you 
think we should be looking at seasonality for the January quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think there are seasonality factors, but I think that there are product cycle factors that are 
greater than the seasonality factor. And although – don't take this as a guidance for the January quarter, but we're just in 
the process of ramping Tegra 4 into all the devices that have been announced and devices that have not yet been 
announced. We're ramping SHIELD and the holiday season, of course, is a factor there and SHIELD is a brand new 
product for us, and we're ramping Logan. And so we were late to market with Tegra 4, and it was a bit of a scramble, 
but I think the decisions were really, really good. We wanted to bring forward our modem technology so that we can 
start to engage the market and start the long process of certification. 

We also wanted to pull forward very importantly our mobile Kepler GPU. It was a three-year endeavor to take the 
world's most advantaged GPU and mobilizing it and the results are just really quite spectacular. It's kind of amazing to 
see the graphics that you see in a high-end PC or even a super computer for that matter running in a little mobile 
processor. And the architecture and the efficiency is so exquisite that the energy efficiency is really, really it's a big 
discontinuity. I mean, we're going to – we've already demonstrated some three times better energy efficiency, and as 
you know, energy efficiency if in a constrained energy environment like a mobile device, the energy – the most energy 
efficient processor is also the most high performance processor. And so I'm super excited about Logan and now we can 
get into the marketplace well ahead of the competition. And so those factors, along with the work that we're doing in 
GPUs, are likely to play a role, and so we'll see how it turns out. 

<Q - Betsy Van Hees>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. Really appreciate it. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. Thanks, Betsy. 

Operator 

And our next question will come from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Schneider, Ph.D.>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the 
qualification at the carriers for the LTE modem. You talked you're still on track for AT&T qualification by the end of 
this year. I was wondering if you could maybe give us some help to understand whether you might expect that the 
Tegra 4i product or the LTE modem might ship on other carriers before AT&T? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see. First of all, our modem qualification comes in two different parts and they're 
related but not the same. First is the data service which is important for all of our modem – excuse me, all of our tablet 
products. And so data modem cert is well ahead of the voice, and we're in the process of doing that with that as we 
speak. And then there's the – then there's the voice that goes with Tegra 4i. That happens, the certification completes 
near the end of the year, and so we're not – we're not expecting – well, the reason why we do AT&T is because it's the 
most rigorous, and if we – if we get through AT&T, you're pretty much set on just about vastly the western world's 
open markets, and so that's the reason why we focused on AT&T first. 

<Q - James Schneider, Ph.D.>: Thanks. That's helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up, on the gross margins you 
saw in Q2, was more of the improvements due to the mix-up of the Quadro and Tesla businesses or was more of that 


due to the increase in the mix within the desktop GPU business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: All three. Yeah. All three. You – you know, Chris mentioned that Tesla had an almost record 
quarter, and most of that was from – from not one singular supercomputing center installation. It was all from open 
markets and smaller installations and clusters being purchased to run off-the-shelf applications. And so there's now just 
a current of business that's – that appears to have developed around the world, and that's – that's really healthy for gross 
margins and of course, whenever we do well in high-end gaming or in gaming, it helps our – it helps our gross margins. 

You know that GeForce has two parts. There's the GeForce for OEMs and there's GeForce GTX for gaming. Usually 
when I say gaming, I just mean GeForce GTX which happens to be most of our, the upper half of our GPU business – 
GeForce business. 

<Q - James Schneider, Ph.D.>: That's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Riley. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: Thanks for taking the question. Jen-Hsun, just to clarify the question that Chris had asked, you 
had mentioned that you expect operating expense to stay at current levels. When you refer to current levels were you 
referring to the levels that you'll be at with fiscal third quarter guidance or levels that you were at with the result that 
you had in fiscal 2Q? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Fiscal, this current – this coming quarter, plus and minus. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: Okay. So annualized if – if that's where OpEx is then you'd be on something closer to a $1.84 
billion annual OpEx run rate, correct? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No, that's not correct. 

<A - Karen Burns>: No. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We – go ahead, Karen. 

<A - Karen Burns>: So I mentioned – we – we're at 700 – just under $800 million for the first half, and then if you 
add the $418 million guidance and then on a path for Q4 if you do some trajectory, small, we're just above $1.6 billion, 
since it is the classic range of plus or minus 2%. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: Okay. Got it. And then switching gears to the product side, Jen-Hsun, a lot of discussion on 
GRID and SHIELD as they get started to ramp for revenues. When you look out at the ramps that you have planned for 
those separate products, when do they start becoming a material relative to total company revenues? For example, 
when would either of them start to move into that 3% to 5% of company sales range? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would really love to see GRID be able to contribute on a level like Telsa next year. And 
Telsa contributes materially. I think that SHIELD is just hard to say. We didn't – we had high expectations from a 
personal level but we didn't set high expectations from a financial level. We think it's just a really special and quite a 
distinguished product. And the more people that are playing with it and touching it and holding it and enjoying it, the 
more they become really passionate around it. It's a little bit like a gaming PC is to a PC. This is a gaming Android 
device to an Android device. And it's a specialized Android device just as our GeForce PCs are really a specialized PC 
for gaming. And so I think the logic is relatively similar. We can deploy the company's DNA expertise in graphics and 
gaming into SHIELD and so people understand it when NVIDIA brings a gaming product to market, they've known 
and grown up with GeForce for many of our – I even meet many engineers in NVIDIA who grew up on NVIDIA's 
GPUs. And they know our gaming brands very well and they know what we can do in this field. And so I think it could 
be a really, really interesting outcome but we're modest with it right now and we're just really grateful that everybody 
loves it so much. 


<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: So with the growth that you're seeing in the GRID... 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Craig, sorry. Could we follow up with you afterwards? We've only got a couple of minutes left. 
Let's get one more question. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: Sure, Chris. Thanks. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Thanks, Lisa. 

Operator 

Yes, and our next question will come from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Thanks very much. Your notebook GPU sequential trend for July and October, is this purely a 
reflection of the overall notebook market? Or have you had any significant socket losses that would result in the market 
numbers showing a fall in notebook GPU share for NVIDIA? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our sequential and annual notebook decline is slower, dramatically slower than the overall 
notebook decline. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Okay, great. And do you expect Tegra 4 sales might ramp to a peak equal or greater than 
Tegra 3? Or should we expect a lower crest for Tegra 4? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That's a tough question because two factors. One factor is it's hard to say exactly where 
SHIELD is going to be, and we're just expecting it – we're just trying to be modest at the moment. Two, the separation 
between Tegra 4 and Tegra 3 or Tegra 3 and Tegra 4 is well over a year. The separation between Tegra 4 and Tegra 
next is as you know relatively short, because Logan is already sampling. The sacrifice that we made on Tegra 4 to bring 
in Logan was really a good decision, because we wanted to introduce the mobile world to the most advanced GPU in 
the world and what NVIDIA's core DNA is all about. And it's at a time when the market is really craving a great GPU. 
The next generation Tegra or Logan has a lot more than a great GPU in it. And there are many other surprises that 
we've in store that I'm just super excited about. But at the very minimum, it contains the most advanced GPU in the 
world binary compatible, architecturally compatible, but at a power envelope that's 100 times lower and it's the most 
efficient GPU that's ever been built for mobile and any energy or performance comparison is against anything that's 
available around the horizon is just off the charts and so we're going to take Logan to market as fast as we can. And so 
those two factors SHIELD and Logan are kind of makes that your question a little hard to answer. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think the net of it is good news. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Okay. Good. Thanks. 

Chris Evenden 

Thanks, everyone. We look forward to talking to you next time in our Q3 earnings call. Anyone we haven't caught up 
with now, we'll catch up with you after the call. Thank you. 

Operator 

And this does conclude this conference call. You may now disconnect 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


