Q1 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara 
• Karen Burns 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Alex Gauna 
• Romit J. Shah 
• James Schneider 
• Michael McConnell 
• Arnab K. Chanda 
• Vivek Arya 
• Daniel A. Berenbaum 
• Steven Eliscu 
• Glen S. P. Yeung 
• Craig Berger 
• Chris Caso MBA 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Doris and I will be your operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to 
the NVIDIA Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks there will be a 
question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Michael Hara, Senior Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference. 

Michael W. Hara 

Thank you, Doris. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2012. With 
me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Karen Burns, 
Interim Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks we will open up the call to a question-and-answer session. 
Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow up. 

Before we begin I would like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations Web 
site and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until May 19, 2011, and 
the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our second quarter 
of fiscal 2012. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed 
without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business please prefer to 


the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 30, 2011, and the reports 
we may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our statements 
are made as of today, May 12, 2011 based on information available to us as of today, and except as required by law we 
assume no obligation to update any such statements. 

Unless otherwise noted, all references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from 
Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. With that, let's begin. 

Our Desktop and notebook GPU product lines exceeded internal expectations for Q1. In our Desktop business we 
continue to be well positioned in the performance and enthusiast categories and continue to see good momentum in 
China. We added to both ends of our product lineup with additions of the GeForce GTX 550 Ti and the GeForce GTX 

590. The GTX 550 Ti is the best entry-level gaming GPU for the next-generation Intel systems, and the GTX 590 is 
simply the fastest available GPU add-in card for enthusiasts. 
Jon Peddie stated in TechWatch, "The GeForce GTX 590 is the best overall add-in board in every parameter we 
measure. Compared to other dual GPU add-in boards and dual add-in GPU boards they have the highest performance 
per watt, the highest performance per dollar, the lowest power consumption, the lowest noise, the biggest gain from 
over-clocking and the best P mark regular or over-clocked." 

The x11 GPUs continue to experience good growth driven by a wave of great new games such as the recent release of 
Crysis 2 and we still have many highly anticipated titles yet to be released this year. 

In discrete notebook GPUs we expect to increase share on the Sandy Bridge platform. We felt this growth as Sandy 
Bridge started to ramp in April. The Sandy Bridge transition is expected to reach the 75% crossover point exiting the 
second quarter and should drive another increase in both our revenue and share in the notebook GPU segment as a 
result. 

Our Consumer Products business, which includes Tegra processors and embedded products, achieved record revenue of 
$122 million. The record performance is due to our first group of Tegra II-based Android products hitting the market. 
Among them are the Motorola Atrix and LG Optimus 2X superphones as well as tablets like the Motorola Xoom, LG 
Optimus Pad and G-Slate, ASUS Eee Transformer, Dell Streak and Acer Iconia A500. The second wave of 
superphones and tablets from Acer, Motorola, Toshiba and Samsung are expected to ship in Q2. 

In addition Sony announced that their S1 and S2 tablet projects will be using Tegra II. Based on market research from 
In-Stat, tablets represent the fastest growing segment for mobile processors with compound annual growth rate of 
124% from 2009 to 2014. We continue to drive the lead role in the Android tablet market and expect to further solidify 
that position with our next-generation project Kal-El-based tablets hitting consumer shelves later this year. 

We announced this week that we will acquire Icera, a baseband and RF technology leader. We believe this move will 
further accelerate our Tegra momentum and enhance our position in mobile computing, while providing another major 
growth driver for our company. Icera is the pioneer in next generation wireless modem technologies called 
software-defined radio or SDR technology. They have created ultra-low-power, high-performance processor, 
specifically – specially designed for processing multiple modem protocols. Icera's deep execution processor, known as 
DXP, is a programmable processor designed to execute communications algorithms at extremely low power and is 
super-elegant and is much smaller than conventional basebands. 

In a way, DXP is the technical equivalent of the programmable shaders we invented for GPUs, which revolutionized 
the graphics industry. Icera has more than 550 patents granted or pending worldwide and this product has been 
approved by more than 50 carriers across the globe. By combining the company's products and technologies, including 
our Tegra processor, we expect to enhance our position as the leading player in the growing phone and tablet markets. 

The market for baseband processors is one of the fastest growing segments of the technology industry with an 
estimated $15 billion a year. Our immediate plans are to accelerate Icera's entry in the voice basebands followed by the 
introduction of 4G LTE basebands. Together, we will offer the two most important processors that make up the modern 
mobile computer. Not only is this combination strategically powerful in the market, we expect it will also drive growth 


for both Tegra processors and Icera basebands. Icera will leverage Tegra's momentum and deep customer engagements 
globally. 

We are very excited to welcome the Icera team to NVIDIA. They possess a great entrepreneurial spirit and engineering 
focus with great people and great technology. They make a perfect fit with the NVIDIA team. This is a key step in our 
plans to be a major player in the mobile computing revolution. 

With that, let me hand the call over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Mike. Revenue for the first quarter was $962 million, up 8.5% sequentially. GAAP gross margin of 50.4%, 
was a record for the 3rd consecutive quarter. Gross margin exceeded our expectations we had at the beginning of the 
quarter, primarily as a result of richer product mix within our GPU business. GAAP OpEx was $329.6 million, in line 
with our estimates. Combined, these results generated a GAAP net income of $135.2 million or $0.22 per diluted share. 

Revenue by business segment was as follows. Our GPU business was up 3.8%. Our MCP revenue was down 
significantly as we entered the final phase of that business, but this was more than offset by a strong growth in 
notebook discrete. Demand for notebook GPUs increased significantly as OEMs ramped production of Sandy Bridge 
notebooks. Our Professional business was relatively flat. Quadro increased sequentially, however our Tesla business 
was down relative to the prior quarter, as the fourth quarter benefited from a particular large transaction. And our 
consumer business achieved record revenue driven by our Tegra customers bringing their first Android products to the 
market. 

Turning to the balance sheet. Our inventory levels continued to be at target levels. Inventory at the end of the quarter 
was $381 million. Our view of the channel shows inventory within our target. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable 
securities at the end of quarter were $2.73 billion, up $236 million over the prior quarter. 

Excluding the Icera acquisition, our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2012 is as follows. Revenue is expected to 
be up 4% to 6% from the first quarter. GAAP gross margin is expected to be between 50.5% and 51.5%. We believe 
this is the right level for gross margin for now. This level allows us to maintain a healthy balance between growth and 
profitability. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be between $332 million and $336 million. GAAP tax rate is 
expected to be 14% to 16%. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Alex Gauna. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Congratulations on the nice result. I was wondering, there's an investor concern out there that 
some of the first generation tablets are perhaps mis-positioned or mispriced. Can you maybe describe how your Tegra 
business is being driven, smartphone versus tablet? And as we look through the year, what percentage we should expect 
to come from next gen platforms versus current generation. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: A large part of our Tegra business comes from phones. The first generation of tablets initially 
came out from carriers and with 3G. I think that it's recognized that the vast majority of tablet users are actually buying 
it from retail and Wi-Fi only. And without 3G, obviously the tablets would be much more affordable. So I think that, 
that's one of the factors that affected the initial reviews of the early waves of tablets. But those concerns have been 
largely addressed at this point and now you can buy tablets from retail stores all over America. And the new wave of 
tablets are now ramping up that are even more affordable and available in retail channels with Wi-Fi configurations all 


over the world. 

You're also starting to see a lot of differentiated platforms from devices that are like the ASUSTeK Transformer where 
it's a tablet in one configuration that has a detachable keyboard in another configuration. And so those kind of devices 
are getting a lot of interest and available in computer channels all over the world. We're going to expect another wave 
of tablets that are coming out to the marketplace now ones that are even thinner and even lighter than the best offerings 
from any place, any supplier in the world. And those devices are just in the process of ramping. 

Then there's the really exciting new build of Honeycomb called Honeycomb 3.1 that Google just demonstrated the 
other day at Google I/O. We are basically stitching that up now. It's available, will be available to end-users as an over 
the air download in the very near future. And so you'll get music services, cloud music services, cloud video services, 
cloud book services, and there'll be cloud magazine services and all kinds of really interesting offerings to be used on 
these tablets in the very near future. And so I think that another wave of these tablets are now starting to show up 
around the world but the first generation of tablets with the over the air Honeycomb 3.1 that's coming out imminently 
are really, really fabulous. And they're selling really well. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Oh. Well, not to get too far ahead as my follow up, Jen-Hsun, I was wondering, in addition to 3.1 
at Google I/O Ice Cream Sandwich was center stage. And I was wondering how that does or does not intersect with 
your quad core Kal-El and the complexities of what Google is trying to do and what that means for your quad core 
technology? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're really excited about the work that they're doing on Ice Cream. And I can't comment too 
much more on it than that, but we're working very closely with their teams on Ice Cream Sandwich. And as is all of 
these products, we come to the market when they're great and I'm certainly expecting them to be great later on this year. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: All right. Thank you. Congratulations again. 

<A - Michael W. Hara>: Yeah. Thanks a lot, Alex. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Romit Shah. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Hey, guys. With respect to guidance for the second quarter, can you give us a sense, at least 
directionally, how you see the three businesses trending? And also what sort of contribution we're going to see from 
licensing in the July quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: What was the second part? Well, let me answer the first part, the GPU business, about 
flattish, the Professional business about flattish and the Consumer business up-ish. And as a result of that, we're able to 
overcome the Q2 which tends be seasonally down. And if you look at other people's guidances in the computer 
industry, Q2 was down. You're starting to see expansion in our core businesses, core GPU businesses. And you're also 
seeing growth in our consumer business or consumer mobile business. That's making up for the decline, the expected 
decline of our MCP business we've talked about now for quite some time. 

If you looked at our MCP business year-over-year it declined about $150 million and we made up for that through the 
growth of our core GPU business and Tegra business this quarter. We expect another decline in our MCP business next 
quarter. We're expecting to make up a lot of that again with the rest of our business. 

The second part of your question was? 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Just on licensing, how much licensing revenue are you guys going to see this quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Go ahead. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Yeah, incrementally, about $40 million more. 


<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Okay. Great. Just to follow up, I know you guys haven't given official guidance for Tegra this 
year, but I believe publicly you've endorsed $400 million to $600 million as a reasonable range. Is that still on the 
table? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we've provided guidance for the next quarter and it looks like it's going be pretty good. 
So we're looking forward to the new products coming to market with Tegra later half of the year. And then also we 
have the introduction of our next generation quad core processor called project Kal-El. So that should also contribute 
later in the year. So I think we're – I would characterize the Tegra business as lifted off. And so we'll see how it goes 
and we'll report the progress as we go. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of James Schneider. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First of all, on the ICR acquisition, could 
you give us a little color around the accretion expectations you provided in the earlier press release? What revenue 
assumption you're assuming to make that accretive by the end of next year and then can you talk about at what point 
you'll plan on introducing an integrated Tegra plus modem in one chip or if you plan on doing that at all? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: First, the first question is we expect the acquisition to be slightly dilutive for the remaining 
part of the year. With respect to revenue contributions, we obviously haven't completed the acquisition yet. And so we 
should probably comment on that when we're done with that. With respect to the integration, we have no current plans 
to integrate their modem. We think that the ability to offer both processors and the two most important processors for 
mobile computing gives us the opportunity to leverage the momentum of Tegra and also the quite broad penetration 
they've already achieved with carriers all over the world to increase the momentum of both processors. 

We also see that in the vast majority of the projects that we're working on, whether it's tablets or superphones, the 
ability to keep the two processors separate allows us to mix and match the best processors for the devices that we're in. 
And so if you look at most of the superphones in the world today, and most of the tablets in the world today, the 
application processor and the baseband processors are in fact separate. And so – and then finally, the ability to integrate 
the two would surely have that capability. We'll look at the market and look at when technology makes sense to 
integrate to offer either the smallest footprint or the lowest cost. We'll do so when the timing is right. And we surely 
have the capability to do that now. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Great, thanks. That's helpful. And then as a follow up with the incremental $40 million of 
licensing in Q2, I think that contributes about 180 basis points to gross margins if I'm doing my math correctly. But 
you're guiding up your gross margin is a little bit less than that. Can you talk about what's going on in terms of the 
business mix or pricing going into Q2 that would make that happen? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, that's our guidance for now. And Q2 obviously there's still a lot of the quarter to do yet. 
And so we'll come back and report on the quarter when it's over. But that's our guidance for now. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Thanks so much. 

<A - Michael W. Hara>: Hey. Jim, let me add on that to Jen-Hsun's question also. Q1 we had a nice lift from the 
launch of the dual GTX 590. So that... 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay. 

<A - Michael W. Hara>: That basically really benefit to Q1. 

<Q - James Schneider>: That helps mix. I understand. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, James. 


Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Mike McConnell. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Just on that note, thinking about the gross margin guide. Should we also think, Mike, with 
respect to the notebook business since that's going be the growth driver within GPU and now the GTX 590 was the 
driver in Q1. We should probably expect in a pretty significant drop in the GPU gross margins for fiscal Q2? Is that 
what's kind of implied behind that? 

<A - Michael W. Hara>: No. Actually the notebook margins are actually pretty decent. The costs are coming down 
and the margins are traveling back up. But as the notebook business grows, it actually doesn't have as much of an effect 
as you think. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Okay. So it's mostly then just the GTX 590 like you talked about? So it's just more of a 
normalization of the mix as you move into FQ2? 

<A - Michael W. Hara>: That's right. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Okay. And then Jen-Hsun, just kind of a longer-term one. When we think about Project 
Denver and a lot of people think your company's going to be the company that is going to be moving ARM potentially 
into traditional PCs. And we talk about – talk to the incumbents that's in the traditional PC market, they make an 
argument that it would be very difficult for NVIDIA and the ARM ecosystem to move into traditional PCs because of 
the standardization, lack of standardization, the fragmented nature of the market and the ARM ecosystem. Could you 
talk about those hurdles? And looking at project Denver, how those will be overcome? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, first of all, Project Denver is... 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Tegra II; sorry. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Is two generations away for our SoCs. Our Tegra SoCs. So there's still plenty of – a lot of 
time between now and the time that Project Denver will enter the market. But obviously it has to be competitive and the 
things that we do that we're really good at have to matter. So computer graphics has to matter. Parallel computing has 
to matter. GPU computing has to matter. And we have to build a product that really makes a difference in the 
marketplace. There's still a lot of ideas that we haven't introduced in Project Denver. It's probably a little bit too early 
but suffice it to say that we wouldn't build a me-too product. You've known our company a long time and when we 
introduce a product, there's usually something pretty special about it. And we expect Project Denver to carry on that 
tradition of delivering something innovative and special. 

With respect to standardization, standardization comes from compatibility with software. And the thing to keep in mind 
today is that the vast majority of the software developers around the world for consumer computing are increasingly 
developing on ARM processors. And you take a look at the number of devices that are being shipped today, there are 
far, far, far more ARM computers being shipped than there are X86 computers being shipped. If that attracts more 
software developers then there's more rich software being developed for ARM that over time you would think that 
ARM becomes the most valuable platform for – in doing software. 

So that's how standardization happens. You know how fast mobile computing and the Internet and these application 
stores is causing new platforms to make a difference. I mean it was only a few years ago that these ARM-based either 
iPhones or Android phones came to the marketplace and just look at how many applications have been downloading. 
How many gigabytes have been downloaded of applications and this is just the first few years. 

The next few years it's bound to happen to us and it's growing at exponential rates. And so I think that's what 
standardization is all about, and I think it's pretty much a foregone conclusion that ARM is just going be probably the 
most important standard for applications for consumers anyhow. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Arnab Chanda. 

<Q - Arnab K. Chanda>: Thank you. A couple of questions. First of all, historically you've been basically in the 
digital side, Icera is more on the physical layer side and they've never succeeded in voice. Can you talk why you think 
you'll be able to take that or are you going to have to start a design from scratch to migrate that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Arnab, as soon as we figure out what you said I'm going to answer it. You broke up. 

<Q - Arnab K. Chanda>: Okay. Sorry. I was just saying on the Icera acquisition, historically you've been more on the 
digital side, they are more of a baseband physical layer supplier, never been in the voice market, which is a lot harder 
than data. What are you going to do to take them in there? Do you have to design a new chip? Or can you talk a little 
bit about that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, that's a good question. I mean, that's what's really special about the Icera architecture. 
This is one of the world's, if not the world's first, unified software defined radio based baseband. I mean, in a way 
they've designed baseband processors, this multi-protocol baseband processors, the same way we've designed our 
GPUs that allows for multiple effect shading. And as a result of that, through software upgrades they're able to provide 
voice capabilities. 

They have the full [ph] TPPcom (26:54) stack for voice. I mean, this isn't being done from scratch. The Icera team 
based in France is one of the reputed teams in voice and this is – these guys have done it for years and years and they're 
starting from the baseband – the software stack of [ph] TPPcom (27:13), which is the starting point for a lot of 
basebands today for voice. And so – and, also, they've made incredible progress already. 

We haven't introduced the product yet but we expect that the path to getting there is pretty well known at this point. 
There's still a lot of development to be done, Arnab, and surely there's a lot of execution to do. But it's not easy but 
that's kind of the exciting stuff. Icera has invested nearly $300 million between – in all of their different rounds of 
financing and have created a pretty terrific starting point for us. And so between these two processors now the Tegra 
processor and the Icera baseband and their RF, we have two of the most important pieces for mobile computing and 
we'll start it from there. 

<Q - Arnab K. Chanda>: Just a follow up on your Tegra business. You were obviously the lead partner for 
Honeycomb. It sounds like for Ice Cream maybe TI is – now is that going to put you at a disadvantage or maybe you're 
ahead in quad core and that helps you? Could you talk a little bit about what happens in the next generation? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I'm not exactly sure what TI is talking about, but they're obviously making a lot for 
nothing. But we're working very closely with Google on Ice Cream Sandwich, and it's a very important new generation 
of operating system based on starting from the Honeycomb base. And I'm expecting it to be really terrific. And so we're 
working very closely with the Google team and Tegra will be, will surely be wonderful for Ice Cream when it comes. 

<Q - Arnab K. Chanda>: And then just last question on ARM in Windows. Should we expect that to happen 
reasonably soon? And what time should we be looking for that? And is that even likely? Thank you. 

<A - Michael W. Hara>: ARM for Windows. I can't report on the Windows plan. That'll have to come from 
Microsoft. But we're working very closely with their teams. The progress is fabulous, and you know that we have one 
of the best Windows software development teams in the world anywhere. And this team is not only experienced, they 
have a starting point of quite a bit of assets that has been created over the years and it's also very, very large in scale. 
This is a software team that has the ability to support a few hundred notebook designs per cycle in OEMs all over the 
world. And it's the – aside from us, Intel and AMD that such a team does not exist. And so we're beneficial and able to 
bring this team to the Windows on ARM. And this is one of our ways to – one of our differentiators really for the PC 
OEMs and mobile companies who would like to get into this space. And so I'm expecting Windows 8 to be fabulous. 
And we're working very closely with Microsoft on it. 


<Q - Arnab K. Chanda>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. Seems like the future I've been waiting for is getting closer and closer. 
Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You're absolutely right. Thanks a lot, Arnab. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Vivek Arya. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thanks for taking my question. Jen Hsun, I'm curious, what's driving the flattish trends in the 
professional solutions business? Is it just the timing of projects? Is it something else? What will it take to reinvigorate 
growth in that segment? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Frankly I wish our professional business was growing faster, too. And we're spending a lot of 
time on that particular topic ourselves. There's several reasons for that. One, the workstation industry needs to be 
reinvigorated with new capabilities. And that's one of the reasons why we built Fermi. The Fermi GPU brings a level of 
capability and functionality to the workstation industry it never had before. And we're in the process of rolling out 
those capabilities into the marketplace. We call it internally the Fermi transition. By making computer graphics not just 
about Open GL but about CUDA and computational capabilities, we could bring things like – capabilities like photo 
realistic rendering, the ability to do simulation and visualization at the same time, the ability to do image processing at 
a much, much higher rate. 

And so in a large group of industries, from design to styling to broadcast, to seismic analysis, whether you're in oil and 
gas, to imaging for medical, there's all kinds of applications where Fermi is really transformative. And so we're in a 
process of introducing these capabilities into the professional markets. And that is what we call the Fermi transition. 
Until we do that I think that the workstation marketplace is growing basically at the rate of GDPs. And so we need to 
reinvigorate that growth with some new capability. So that's one. 

The second is the Tesla business needs to continue to get application adoption and to continue to get those applications 
accelerated through CUDA. And we're making excellent progress there. And the OEMs are now engaging customers 
all over the world with what we call proof-of-concepts. And there's a large number of projects in the pipeline. And so 
HP, Dell, IBM, Supermicro and many others are working with large companies to get these projects certified, qualified 
and then ramped up. And so I think part of that just simply has to do with the time that it takes a large enterprise to 
understand the capabilities of these supercomputing workstations and supercomputing servers and then also to get it 
certified and rolled out into their companies. I certainly expect that to happen. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Is that do you think, something that's standing between the gross margin outlook you have in the 
near term versus getting to the mid-50s gross margin that I think has been alluded to before from an overall company 
perspective? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There's no question that unless the Professional business grows, our gross margin will not 
grow with it. And so that's the NVIDIA Professional Solutions group is completely aware of this and everybody is 
working hard to get growth happening. This is something that the growth is not – no competition is in the path of our 
growth. This is innovation that will be necessary to grow this business for us, and grow this business for all of the 
OEMs around the world. 

The Workstation business is frankly, waiting for us to bring the innovations that have been designed into Fermi, in 
CAD tools from the Dassault and Autodesk and medical imaging companies all over the world. And they're waiting for 
us to roll this out into the world and when that growth – when we do that, that growth will happen for us and it will 
happen for the OEMs. 

And the same thing for Tesla. When the proof of concept is complete and all of these projects in the pipeline are rolled 
out into production, it will happen. It will generate growth for us and it will generate growth for the OEMs. And so, 
both us and all of our OEM partners and all of our software partners are all intensely focused on bringing this level of 


innovation to the marketplace so we can all grow. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: All right. One last question, if I may. Do you think Tri-Gate technology is a viable technology for 
mobile? And could it even become table stakes next year? And if yes, how do you think you or your foundry partners 
are positioned to deliver it? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the FinFET, which is the industry technical term for what is now marketing term called 
the 3D-gate has been on the horizon now for many semiconductor companies for some time. And this is one of the next 
steps in the advancement of semiconductors. There were talks of Hafnium technology is now I guess yesterday and 
metal gate and all of those things are needed to advance semiconductor technology and many others. And so, this is just 
one of the next generation technologies and semiconductor companies around the world, from TSMC to Global 
Foundry to others, Samsung to others obviously have to continue to innovate in order to make semiconductor 
technology continue to advance. And I fully expect it to. 

Now in the terms of – in case of – your question actually has a larger question, which is how important is 
semiconductor technology to mobile advance? And the answer is: a great deal. I mean, without semiconductor 
technology, how could we have any advance? Whether it's desktop computers or workstations or servers or cell phones, 
the answer is, of course, very important. 

But for mobile processors, by far the greatest contributor to low-power and efficient performance is architecture. It is 
the un-core. It is the SoC. It is everything that is not the CPU core as well as the CPU core and the process technology 
and the software technology and the operating system and everything above that. All of it has to come together to 
deliver on an extraordinary experience. Not just the transistor. It's important, but it's just one part of the overall 
equation. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thanks and good luck. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Daniel Berenbaum. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Hi, guys. I'm hoping you can calibrate me a little bit on the graphics segment compared 
to where it was. If I look back at where your GPU plus chipset back when you used to break it out, that peaked at 
around $900 million on a quarterly basis. And right now that segment, if I back out the royalties, seems to be at about 
$615 million or so. Do you ever expect to get back to that $900 million? Or I mean, as chipset goes away, do you 
expect that segment to get back to that $700 million standalone GPU number? Or are we sort of asymptotically 
approaching something below that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, maybe the easier question to answer is, do we expect growth from our GPU business? 
And the answer is first of all, yes. And the reason why it's yes is as you guys may remember, we were not as fast to the 
DX11 generation as our competition. We lost a step there, and we paid for it earlier on a couple of years ago if you 
recall. So it took us a while to recover from that position with Fermi, and the first implementation of Fermi, as you 
recall, wasn't as graceful as we all wanted it to be. And so we had a lot of catching up to do, and we re-evaluated the 
way that we designed our chips. We reorganized our engineering so that we could be more efficient. And we came back 
really, really strong with the second generation of Fermi, and started to gain share again. 

In the notebook space, the DX11 notebook space we've been gaining share from our low a couple of quarters ago, and 
we should improve this quarter. We can improve next quarter and improve even more the quarter after that. And so I 
think that our GPU business has every opportunity for growth and we're expecting it to grow. And we have to. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Okay. I mean, that kind of addresses the share point. And clearly you guys have 
executed well in technology to regain market share there. But maybe comment on the market side and I mean, do you 
think just realistically that the market ever could be big enough with your share gains to get you back to above that 


$700 million level on a quarterly basis? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: On an overall level of GPUs, I think the answer is that likely that the overall GPU market is 
larger than it ever was. GeForce, the GeForce consumer side has the attach, the GPU attach has stabilized and the 
fastest growing part of GPU attach is China, which also happens to be the fastest growing segment of PCs. And so 
that's a positive factor. In the workstation space, we want to reinvent and redefine the workstation, and bring visual 
computing to a new level there, with CUDA and computational computer graphics. And, of course, in the servers, 
we're, we invented a technology called CUDA used in servers for accelerating applications, numerically intensive 
applications. And so the server market becomes a large business opportunity for us. And we have several ideas yet that 
we're going to introduce to the world to increase the adoption of GPUs. And so I think that if you look at the overall 
GPU market, there's no question it has an opportunity to grow yet. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Okay. Great. Thanks. If I could just follow up with one mechanical question. Would 
you guys care to hazard to a guess on tax rate for the remainder of the year? 

<A - Karen Burns>: For the remainder of the year, we've guided at 15%. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: So that will be the full year, 15%? 

<A - Karen Burns>: That's right. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Uche Orji. 

<Q - Steven Eliscu>: Okay. First question here. This is Steve Eliscu. First question is on the Quadro business. In the 
past you had looked to the creative professional as one of the growth drivers. Can you give us a sense of what's 
happening with GPUs in the Adobe Creative Suite world and given that you showed some pretty compelling demos in 
the past, why do you think the uptake is not driving that type of growth that you had talked about in the past? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we think those there's about a million or so digital video professionals that – or creative 
professionals that use video and probably another three million or so that are prosumers. And those three million 
prosumers probably a whole lot of them already use GeForce. And we just have to keep evangelizing so that they 
understand how to get the best possible performance from it. Of the million, some of them use Final Cut Pro and that 
hasn't been optimized for CUDA. And a lot of them use Adobe, and some of them use Sony and some of them use 
Avid. And so GPU acceleration is being incorporated into almost all of them in the near future. 

And so as more and more of the different suites become GPU accelerated, my expectation or our expectation is that the 
consumers will – the creative professionals will incorporate. And so I think it's just a matter of time. And I'm just 
giving you the scope of the overall market opportunity. But over time, I expect those 4 million video users, video 
editing users, professionals, are all going be GPU accelerated. And that's one of the reasons why we expect Quadro and 
GeForce to continue to grow because it's just such a compelling benefit to use GPU acceleration in video editing. 

<Q - Steven Eliscu>: Helpful. Just following along on that, in PSB with Tesla, I know there was a prior question but I 
think about the lumpiness of the business that you refer to in the commentary suggests that we're still in the 
early-adopter phase. What are some of the milestones you're looking towards to really crossing the chasm here into the 
commercial space such that we get a less lumpy type of business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And that's the perfect observation. We are still in the early adoption phase with a foundation 
industry-by-industry-by-industry-by-industry that is being built up. There is an overlay if you will, of baseline business 
in Tesla that is just strong. It's not huge yet but it's building. We feel it every single month. There's sell through every 
single month. It's in every single geography. And there's pickup every single month just steady pickup every single 
month overlaid with some very large deals every now and then as data centers get built out for high performance 


computer and today, you just really can't build out a supercomputer without GPU acceleration because otherwise the 
computational capability is just so low relative to anything else that's being built, it's really not possible to have 
something like that built. 

And so I think that those supercomputing centers, distort, if you will, the basic baseline run rate of the business. But 
that still says that the baseline run rate business from each industry still needs to be developed and we still need to 
continue to port applications which we're actively doing and the industry is working with us very, very hard to make 
sure that their applications are accelerated by our GPUs because the benefits are just so overwhelming. When you see 5 
to 10 times acceleration of an application, by porting a small part of the code, you port 10% of the code and you get 5, 
10 times acceleration. That's just really, really too compelling to ignore, especially for people who use their 
workstations to advance research or for advanced time to market as a product development. And so one industry after 
another we're putting those applications. 

And then there's the idea of – and more and more people are seeing their workstations becoming really not just for 
visualization but for simulation as well. And I think that, that's going to be a large opportunity for us. There's several 
million workstations sold per year. When those workstations become supercomputing workstations and are used for 
simulation as well as visualization I think we're going to see a really significant market opportunity for us. And that's 
what we're driving towards. 

<Q - Steven Eliscu>: Last quick question here. Just now that you're going to have a baseband shortly, do you see the 
need to acquire connectivity or NFC or GPS that some of your competitors have? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our focus is to make sure that we have the most important pieces of the mobile platform. The 
application processor and the baseband or the wireless communications processor are the two by far the most important 
processors on the mobile platform. And the reason for that is because there's so much software to do, the rest of the 
connectivity devices are important surely no doubt but it's available from a lot of different players. They're basically 
standards. The software stack is pretty standardized. And there's a great deal of interoperability and so I think these two 
processors are by far the most important processors. And that's our focus. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Glen Yeung. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Jen-Hsun, somewhere in your discussion you mentioned China and the attach rates there. 
There seems to be some controversy over what we're seeing in emerging markets in general and what the overall PC 
environment looks like. I'm wondering if you can shed any light you may have on the overall PC environment. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't know that we have any new insight over what's happening in the emerging markets. 
China is very different than other emerging markets though. The dynamics of China versus those of India, Brazil, are 
very, very different. China has – is the home of some of the – most gamers in the world. And it is the fastest growing 
game market and the game market is growing incredibly fast with virtual goods on top of that. And it's just a very, very 
fast developing marketplace for gamers. And they're not just playing leftover games from the West but they're really 
revolutionizing new business models. When games are free, and they're as enjoyable as they are, obviously it's going to 
attract a lot of new players. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Thanks for that. And then thinking about the relationship that you have with Sandy Bridge, 
which in the April quarter was quite good. As Intel migrates that down the stack of its processors, how do you think 
your attach rates will trend? Or another way of saying that is do you happen to see a very strong attach rate out of the 
gate because it was a high-end oriented chip out of the gate? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think that the important thing is to realize that there is more than just technology at play and 
– or CPU technology at play. I mean there's a segment of the marketplace that really prefers to have the best graphics 
performance. And the best graphics experience. And just as there are baseline cars and premium cars there are going to 
be baseline PCs and premium PCs. In the premium PCs the best way to create a premium PC and to deliver a premium 


experience, that is a meaningful step up from the baseline PC is to add a GPU, higher resolution displays and a 
state-of-the-art GPU with our Optimus technology is really the best way to create a premium experience and create a 
premium PC. 

And so I think that that method of creating great products is not going to go away. And I think just as there are some 
consumers who would like to have a premium platform given the choice, there are OEMs that would like to create 
premium platforms to serve that marketplace, and I think the GPU is a known all over the world to be by far the best 
way to do that. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Great. Can I ask you just to follow up on that comment? I agree with you, I think we can see 
in high end notebooks today a real premium paid for having a discrete GPU and not and having better screen 
technology and not. But are you seeing a scenario where now people can sort of maintain the wallet for the PC build 
are actually down scaling the CPU in favor of an architecture that favors the GPU and screen technology a bit more? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We see a lot of different architectures around the world. There are people who use Core I7s 
with the GeForce. There are people who use Core I5s with the GeForce. There are people who use Pentium Dual-Core 
with a GeForce. What you just described is characteristic of the different architectures all over the world. And that's 
how the PC industry differentiates, by creating the best product for certain niches in the marketplace and there's a lot of 
different niches, a lot of different geographies with very, very different tastes. And so I think we're – we – what you 
described there is exactly what happens. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Craig Berger. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. On the Icera acquisition, I mean, getting into 
baseband and addressing all of the global standards and countries is a pretty large undertaking. So how do you think 
that changes your R&D investment profile over the coming years? How many heads might you have to scale into this 
effort? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That's a good question. That's exactly the reason why we decided not to start an effort from 
scratch. Icera is – has carrier relationships all over the world. As you know, they already sell millions of modems and 
growing very, very fast. And so this is a team that has relationships with Nokia and ZTE and Samsung, they have 
carrier relationships with AT&T and Vodafone and Orange. So the list is pretty broad and so that's exactly the reason 
why we decided to acquire Icera, a company that has invested some nearly $300 million of investment into it. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Okay. So we'll have to wait on the more specifics. Can you talk about... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I told you – Craig, I also told you with respect to additional investment, we expect the 
Icera acquisition to be slightly, but very slightly, dilutive, which tells you how we think about the growth of the 
business and the additional investment that we have to make to it. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Okay. Thanks for that. Can you give us some color on the state of Tegra design wins lately? And 
what that tells you about that business opportunity, say, 12 months from now? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we're still engaged in design wins on both Tegra II and Tegra – or project Kal-El. We 
have quite a large number of project Kal-El design wins for tablets and phones. And simultaneously, we're doing 
refreshes of Tegra II superphones, while we're also developing new, more affordable mainstream phones. And so those 

– all of those things are happening at the same time. We're also getting designed into more and more cars and – which 
is an important growth opportunity starting with next year and looking at a larger and larger number of smart TV 
opportunities, which requires the software stack, the rich software stack that we've developed for Tegra. So design wins 
are going all the time. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Last question; are you guys able to provide cash from operations? Usually you guys have the 
cash flow in the report. And also do you consider stock comp expense to be part of your core operations or not? Thank 
you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: While Karen looks for the cash – cash from operations, surely we think about stock-based 
compensation or the use of RSUs and stock options very, very carefully. And the reason for that is because of dilution 
factors and because it does have value to the employees. And then, Karen, on cash flow? I recall it was something like 
$180 million or so, plus or minus, something like that. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Well, for the year it was up $235 million. From operations, I'll have to get that from the cash flow 
statement. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, we'll get that. Yeah. 

Operator 

And our last question comes from the line of Chris Caso. 

<Q - Chris Caso MBA>: Hey. Thank you. I just wondered if you can clarify back on some of the opening comments 
with the gross margin, and I think the comment was you think that was the right range for now. Could you give a little 
more color on that? And then perhaps, as we go through the year, just remind us where the mix levers are with respect 
to those gross margins? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think Karen wants to answer a question real quick and then I'll get to that one. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Yes. Cash flow from operations: $199 million. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay. And then with respect to gross margins, at this point, we feel pretty comfortable with 
the gross margins where it is. It's always a balance between that, more profitability and more growth. And we think that 
we are in positions in the marketplace that allows us to grow quite rapidly. And so we want to get there as quickly as 
we can. And so this is a – it's always a fine balance but this is a good balance for now. 

Some of the areas that could accelerate our gross margins further are our professional solutions businesses both Quadro 
and Tesla. If we can get those two businesses growing as we expect to, when it does at a much more significant rate, it 
will contribute to gross margin improvement in a much more significant way. And so those are two of the businesses 
that we're counting on for growth and we're working incredibly hard to get the new technologies that we've created into 
the marketplace and so that the market can embrace it and drive our next generation of growth for PSG. Okay? 

<Q - Chris Caso MBA>: All right. And just as a follow up, it sounded like with regard to the Tegra business the 
majority of that revenue I guess for the first half of the year is coming from the cell phone space. How do you see that – 
well, if you could confirm that. And just as you go through the year, what you see as the mix between tablets and 
smartphones as tablets become a substantial part of the mix as you go into the second half? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We expect phones and tablets to both contribute to Tegra's growth and so the exact 
percentages are hard to say. And they will change from quarter-to-quarter depending on whether it's a phone cycle or a 
computing cycle. And so I think that, suffice to say that tablets is one of the fastest growing segments of the computer 
industry. And whether our tablet is a notebook or a notebook is a detachable tablet or transformable tablet is really 
increasingly hard to say. And so I think the growth opportunities for tablets obviously still quite significant ahead of it. 
And this is an area where we can make a large contribution. 

On the other hand, the smartphone marketplace has really just begun. There's only – it only represents the top tier of the 
overall phone marketplace today. And yet we all know that someday, every single phone will be a smartphone instead 
of just a couple of hundred million smartphones a year. It ought to represent the full billion units of phones around the 


world that are sold every year. Every phone in the world in the near future will have the ability to access the Internet 
and enjoy content and otherwise. So that's an enormous growth opportunity for us and one of the reasons why Icera is 
so important to us. Okay? 

<Q - Chris Caso MBA>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And that is all the time we have for questions now. Mr. Hara, do you have any final thoughts? 

Michael W. Hara 

Well thanks, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to talking to you next quarter about our Q2 results. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


