Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marvin D. Burkett, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Patrick Wang 
• Daniel Ernst 
• JoAnne Feeney 
• Marv Burkett 
• Tim Luke 
• Doug Freedman 
• Suji DeSilva 
• David Wu 
• Shawn Webster 
• Uche Orji 
• James Schneider 
• Glen Yeung 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. Thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, Vice President, 
Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thanks Will. Good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the fourth quarter ended January 25, 2009. 
Today's call is being recorded. If you have any questions, please disconnect at this time – or I'm sorry – if you have any 
objections. 

On the call today for NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Marv 
Burkett, NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that you can find copies of our SEC filings, our earnings release, and a replay 
of this webcast on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.nvidia.com. The webcast will be available for 
replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Also, shareholders 
can listen to a live webcast of today's call via the Investor Relations page of our website. 

During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures and diluted net income per share, tax rate and 
gross margin when talking about our results. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to 


GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on our website. Unless otherwise noted, all 
references to research market and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon 
Peddie Research. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed 
without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, including statements as 
of our financial outlook and projections; the importance -- impact to performance and availability of and demand and 
usage for our products and technologies; our competitive position and market share; our cash conservation efforts; and 
our growth, priorities, initiatives, innovations, advancements and strategies. Our actual results may differ materially 
from results discussed in any forward-looking statements. For a complete discussion of factors that could affect our 
future financial results and business, please refer to our Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended October 26, 2008 and 
reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are made as 
of the date hereof, based on information available to us today and, as except as required by law, we assume no 
obligation to update any such statements. 

The content of the webcast contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of February 10, 2009. Consistent 
with the requirements under regulation FD, we'll be providing public guidance directly in the conference call and will 
be unable to provide significantly more information in off-line conversations or during the quarter. Therefore, questions 
around our financial expectations should be asked during this call. 

At the end of our prepared remarks, there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask 
questions, please limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow one follow-up question. 

With that, I will hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Fiscal 2009 ended in an extraordinary fashion. We 
reported revenue for the year of 3.4 billion and a GAAP loss of $0.05 per share. The environment is clearly difficult 
and uncertain, so our first priority is to set an operating expense level that balances cash conservation, while allowing 
us to continue to invest in initiatives that are of great importance to the market and in which we lead the industry. 

We have initiatives in all areas to reduce operating expenses. Our stretch goal is to reduce operating expense by $35 
million from the current level of $300 million per quarter by the end of Q2. 

Although fiscal 2009 was extremely difficult, it was also one of our best years for innovation. We made important 
advances in many areas. In graphics processing, after a stumble in Q2, we have regained our performance leadership 
position with the GeForce GTX 295, GTX 285 and the GTX 260. 

We introduced PhysX, the industry's first GPU accelerated PhysX processing. Major studios including Electronic Arts, 
THQ, and Take 2 have standardized on PhysX. DriverHeaven noted that there are real visual benefits to be had from 
enabling PhysX in games such as Mirror's Edge. Bid Tech said that the PhysX content enhances the gaming 
experience, giving a tangible benefit to being an NVIDIA card owner. 

Gamers have been stunned by our 3D Vision full HD stereoscopic solution. 3D Vision is the first-ever high-resolution 
stereo 3D solution for the home. Bjorn3D said that once you have it, you will never give it up. PC Magazine described 
it as a mind-blowing innovation. 

In Q4, we recaptured market share in the Performance segment. We intend to continue share gains by offering the 
highest performance products, while differentiating with our advantages in PhysX, CUDA and 3D Vision. 

We shipped Tesla for revenues this year, and officially started the era of GPU computing, where our CUDA parallel 
processing architecture can accelerate compute-intensive applications by 100 times over a CPU alone. CUDA has well 
over 25,000 developers around the world. With CUDA, we're able to speed up general-purpose compute-intensive 


applications, like we do for 3D graphics processing. 

Developers are finding major speed-ups for algorithms ranging from nanomolecular dynamics to image processing, 
medical image reconstruction, and derivatives modeling for financial risk analysis. Over 100 universities around the 
world, including the MIT, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and the National Taiwan University now 
teach parallel computing with CUDA. ASUS, Bull, Cray, Dell, HP and Lenovo now offer high-performance computing 
solutions with Tesla. There are now over 1,000 customers around the world, including Motorola, Chevron, GE 
Healthcare, and even General Mills, the consumer products company. Tesla has become the first GPU used in super 
computing and now powers Japan's Tsubame, the 29th fastest super computer in the world. And Wipro Technologies, 
responding to market demand, now offers CUDA programming services. 

Aside from the thousands of researchers who have used CUDA to accelerate their time-to-discovery, popular 
off-the-shelf software packages, such as ANSYS, LabVIEW, and Mathematica are now CUDA-accelerated. Symcor 
sells check scanners that use CUDA for image recognition to detect fraud. SciComp uses CUDA in their derivatives 
pricing software. And medical equipment is now – is available from TechniScan that uses CUDA to enhance early 
detection of breast cancer, reducing the analysis from a three-hour process to just 16 minutes, making single-visit 
diagnosis possible for the first time. 

We launched a Tesla personal supercomputer and enabled a four-teraflop supercomputer at the price of a typical 
workstation. We estimate 15 million scientists and engineers worldwide can benefit from this breakthrough. HPC, High 
Performance Computing wire [HPCwire] described it as the biggest news of the SuperComputing '08 show. Cray, with 
a CX1, was the first to ship a Tesla personal supercomputer. 

One of our major initiatives last year was to capture a significant position in mobile computing by introducing 
innovative and market defining products. Notebook is the fastest growing segment of the PC market, and one that we 
can offer a great deal of value. Through low-power architecture innovation, our GPUs can simultaneously increase 
notebook performance, while extending battery life. 

We announced ION, a high-performance GPU that also incorporates all system, networking and I/O functions into a 
single chip. Steve Jobs called it an incredible chip. ION is at the core of every MacBook from the Air to the Pro. The 
ION platform is now shipping, or will be soon, from virtually every major PC OEM. 

At CES, we launched ION for Intel's Atom CPU. Even coupled with the smallest x86 CPU in the world, the 
performance is astounding. Techgage described the ION PC as a potent little computer with almost limitless 
possibilities, and gave it a Best of CES award. It was also awarded the Best Enabling Technology by LAPTOP 
Magazine. And Computer Reseller News described it as one of the top 10 biggest chip stories of 2008. 

We also made great progress with Tegra, our ultra-low-power mobile computing processor. Tegra is a single-chip 
mobile computer that delivers a full Internet experience, while consuming 120th the power of even the lowest power 
x86 PCs. Tegra enables a new class of mobile Internet computing devices that allow for many days of use, as opposed 
to the several hours of battery life for a notebook PC. Tegra has been designed into personal media players, personal 
navigation devices, smartphones, and mobile Internet computers, and we'll see revenue ramping in the second half of 
this year. 

We had three major strategic objectives this year: lead the industry in graphics processing, revolutionize computing 
with CUDA and Tesla, and establish NVIDIA as a low-power innovator by creating breakthrough products for mobile 
computing. I am pleased with the excellent achievements we made in each of these important areas. 

Let me turn the call over to Marv to discuss our financial results. I will return in a moment to talk of our future 
opportunities. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 


Thanks, Jen-Hsun. My comments today will cover both the full year and the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009 that 
ended January 25, 2009, including comments on both GAAP and non-GAAP results. A full reconciliation between 
GAAP and non-GAAP is included in our press release and on our website. 

Revenue for the fourth quarter was 481.1 million, which is down 46% from Q3, and is down 60% year-over-year. 
Revenue for the full year was 3.4 billion, which is down from the prior year by 16%. The weakness in demand for the 
fourth quarter was across the board. Compared to Q3, the GPU business was down 47%; the professional services 
business was down 44%; and the MCP business was down 51%. There were no safe havens. Within the GPU business, 
desktop was down 34%, as we believe we regained some market share, particularly in the high-end, but the overall ION 
market was very soft. 

Notebook was down 63%, reflecting the buying trend toward low-end systems with integrated graphics. Memory was 
down to 7.2 million for the quarter from 22.3 million the prior quarter. All of this was in the environment of the 
channel depleting inventory. Therefore, our sell-in was less than the channel's sell-out. We believe current channel 
inventory is only slightly more than one month, down from almost three months last quarter. ASPs across the board 
were relatively unchanged from the prior quarter, so the decline in revenue was primarily a reflection of the decline in 
unit volume. 

Gross margin for the quarter was 29.4% on a GAAP basis. Included in the GAAP results were several items worth 
mentioning. For the quarter, we took new inventory reserves of slightly more than $50 million. Normally, we take 
reserves of 5 to $10 million. These additional reserves reflect the reduced demand in the marketplace. These additional 
reserves cost us almost 10 percentage points in gross margin for the quarter. Without these reserves, gross margins still 
would have declined quarter-to-quarter, but more in line with the market movement toward the low-end SKUs. 

Also included in the GAAP results is a small, initial insurance reimbursement for the weak die/packaging material set 
warranty issue that we recognized in Q2. Since our estimate for the cost of this warranty issue is unchanged, most of 
the insurance proceeds were recognized as a reduction of cost of goods sold for GAAP purposes. Stock-based 
compensation allocated to cost of goods sold was approximately $2 million for the quarter. 

Operating expenses included a non-recurring charge of 18.9 million associated with the termination of a development 
contract related to a new campus construction project that we have put on hold. Without this charge, operating expenses 
would have been below our guidance. As Jen-Hsun said, we have initiated many cost reduction efforts, and even in Q4, 
some of them began to take effect. Without stock-based compensation and the non-recurring charge, operating 
expenses were down from the third quarter. 

Headcount for the quarter and the year ended at 5,420, which is up 127 from the third quarter and up 435 for the year. 
We essentially have a hiring freeze in place, with only the most critical positions being filled. 

The tax rate for the quarter was a credit of 13.3%, and for the year, it was a credit of 30%. 

GAAP net loss for the quarter was 147.7 million and non-GAAP was a loss of 94.4 million. GAAP net loss for the year 
was 30 million and for non-GAAP, it was a net income of 303 million. 

On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with 1.26 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. This is 
down approximately 49 million from the prior quarter. Operating activities in the quarter used only about 20 million in 
cash, which reflects good asset management in light of the significant decline in revenue. Accounts receivable declined 
by 289 million quarter-to-quarter, reflecting the comparable revenue decline. The days sales outstanding declined 
slightly quarter-to-quarter, and so far, receivables appear to be in good shape. 

Inventories grew by 14 million quarter-to-quarter, even after the additional inventory reserves. Obviously, the 
significant decline in revenue left us with a lot of inventory. We believe the inventory is good, there's just a lot of it. As 
a result, we have significantly reduced our manufacturing demands. We expect to deplete significant amounts of 
inventory going forward. 

Depreciation and amortization in the quarter was 50 million, flat with Q3. And capital expenditures were 43 million, 
down from 109 million last quarter. We have a focus on reducing capital expenditures and want them to be less than 


depreciation and amortization on a quarterly basis. Accounts payable declined by 168 million, as we scaled back 
production levels. 

As for an outlook, in this environment, it's almost impossible to give a reasonable and confident forecast. We were very 
wrong last quarter. In retrospect, October was the last decent month and unfortunately, it was not in our quarter. But 
based on the fact that sell-out for the channel exceeded our sell-in and the very low inventory levels in the channel, we 
do not see further declines in revenue. Today, we can't say confidently when and by how much revenue will increase, 
we can only say that we currently don't see further declines and our outlook is for flat to slightly up revenue for the first 
quarter. 

As for gross margins, we currently do not expect significant inventory write-offs in Q1, and margins should return to 
the mid-30s. The one thing we can control is our operating expenses. And as Jen-Hsun said, we're instituting many 
actions to contain and reduce OpEx. Normally, in Q1, operating expenses would be up 15 million or more from Q4 
merely because of the FICO we have to pay in the beginning of the year and the reduced amount of time off that 
employees take in Q1 relative to Q4. Because of the actions we have already taken, and further actions that we are 
implementing, we believe OpEx for the first quarter will be flat to slightly down from the Q4 level, and that these 
actions will lead to further reductions in Q2 and Q3. 

With that, I'll turn it back over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Marv. The GPU is the new soul of the PC. In high-performance computing, our GPUs are accelerating 
time-to-discovery in many cases 100 times. It would take Moore's Law nearly 10 years to improve the performance of a 
computer 100 times. This speed-up is truly revolutionary. 

For gamers, our GPU not only renders a beautiful and immersive world, but with PhysX, we also simulate the physical 
properties of the world to bring more dynamics of realism. We are delighting visual content creators around the world, 
as our CUDA GPUs make it possible for them to manipulate high-resolution images with great ease, and reduce video 
editing process from hours to minutes. And for mobile computers, our GPU brings a level of performance that is 
surprising, while enhancing battery life at the same time. Whether for gamers or digital artists or researchers, and from 
workstations to supercomputers, to game PCs to notebook PCs, the GPU is making the critical difference. The GPU is 
the new soul of the PC. 

The word is spreading fast. Wired magazine recently wrote, "Like a wisecracking sidekick who winds up stealing the 
movie from a too-bland lead actor, graphics processing units are edging more general-purpose central processing units 
out of the limelight." USA Today wrote, "Separate graphics chips, sometimes called discrete graphics, can vastly 
improve a PC's performance by crunching images separately, instead of relying on the main processor to do it." And 
CNET News said, "When you start looking at a PC today, the central processor means less and less; the GPU is simply 
becoming a better way for PC makers to differentiate." 

As the inventor of the GPU, our objective this year is to continue to expand the use and proliferate the adoption of 
GPUs. From notebook PCs to netbooks to supercomputing workstations to servers, we have great opportunities ahead 
to grow our business. We are in a position to take share with GeForce as we continue to highlight our advantages with 
CUDA, PhysX, and 3D Vision. Tesla is now shipping and interest around the world continues to build. We will ship 
Tegra this year. Both Tesla and Tegra take us into new growth markets and will increase our TAM. And with ION, we 
are going to revolutionize the small and affordable notebook PC market, giving us growth into the fastest-growing PC 
segment. 

During the year, we also have operational challenges we must address. To get gross margins improving again, we must 
tackle our inventory management. This is one of our top priorities and we will surely address it. We will also be highly 
discriminating on spending, so as to conserve cash while allowing us to continue to invest and realizing our vision for 
the era of the GPU. 


These are surely challenging times, but we are also more excited than ever about the prospects of the GPU and the 
importance of our work. We are delighted to take questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Patrick Wang with Wedbush Morgan Securities. 
Please go ahead sir. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Yeah. Thanks guys. First off, can you help us understand what makes you feel confident about 
your revenue guidance and that you're not looking for a sequential decline in the upcoming quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I guess I'll comment and I'll let Marv comment. We track sell-outs rigorously in the 
marketplace. And you've now heard this from nearly every computer company in the world, or just about every 
electronics company in the world, that for whatever reason, October was a reasonable month but November fell off a 
cliff. November was the beginning of our quarter. And so we experienced three consecutive difficult months. 

As we monitor our sell-outs, we saw that that very effect, that the end markets just got weaker starting in November. 
And since then, it has more or less flattened out, if not slightly increased a bit. And because we know what we're selling 
into our customers and because we know what they're selling out, we have a pretty good sense that inventory levels are 
depleting very quickly. 

And so that's how we get a sense of where we are in the business and we believe we've hit a trough. But the important 
thing is that we don't know what we don't know. And there's a lot of people in the world who don't know what they 
don't know right now. I don't think we stand alone here. But that's our best estimate of our business, and therefore, our 
best guidance that we can offer you. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yes, I would emphasize exactly what Jen-Hsun said. The sell-out, while it is weak, was 
definitely not as weak as our revenue in the quarter. So, the depletion of inventory in the channel, coupled with the fact 
that we did not have a decent -- October was not in our quarter, says that unless demand continues to fall significantly 
from here, that our prospects are better than they were last quarter. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay. No, that's helpful. Thanks so much. And then, as a follow-up, just given the fact that we -we're 
hearing chatter about new SKUs coming from you guys and your competitors and your friends over there in 
Santa Clara there and Sunnyvale, any sense of a pricing war here or anything in terms of competitive pricing or 
advantages here? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I don't think either company is holding any punches at the moment. So I'm not 
expecting the future competitive position to be more competitive than now. There are plenty of opportunities for us to 
be competitive with each other and it's a very competitive market. And there are always new SKUs coming out. There's 
a – they have new products and we have new products. We're not in the business of announcing future products. We 
have quite a strong position right now in the performance segment again. And so we have no reason to announce future 
products. The competition is obviously different, so they're talking about future prospects all the time right now. It just 
serves to freeze their market. And so I think that announcing their next generation product long before it can ship is not 
a smart thing to do right now. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay. Thanks so much, guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. Please proceed with your 
question. 


<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Thanks for taking my call. Two related questions on the downturn here. How much of the current 
revenue weakness is the overall market decline versus a down-spec'ing of machines in the market where they're either 
going to a lower spec GPU or settling with the integrated one, so one is that demand for PCs overall are going down, 
and the other is what they're spec'ing on that machine. And then related to that, as we look across this economic 
downturn, which none of us know how long it is, but the longer it is, do we run a greater risk of the – at least, for the 
mainstream part of the market, the integrated graphics chip improving to the point where it's good enough? So if the 
downturn is one or two years, but in one or two years' time the integrated catches up to be good enough for the 
mainstream part of the market. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. Both fair questions, Daniel. Our ASP's were generally flat this quarter. And so from 
that you could argue that people are not buying down, per se. There is a very significant factor that is happening in the 
notebook segment, however. There's the surge of the netbook market. And you could characterize the netbook market 
as low-end. And if I were to just, for the stake of our – of my description right now, describe the market as high, mid, 
and low, our participation in the notebook market has been by and large about the upper half of mid and most of high. 
And we have no participation historically in the lower part of mid and the low-end market. All of a sudden, the Atom 
processor has driven a dramatic surge of network – netbook PCs. Some people call it netbook PCs, but the fact of the 
matter is they're inexpensive PCs. And during difficult times, many people who still need to have a PC or would like to 
have a PC, now has a very inexpensive version to buy. And so the demand for Atom PCs and these netbooks, if you 
will, has really, really surged. 

I think what's going to happen is that the low-end part of the marketplace is going to cannibalize the midrange part of 
the market. And people who want performance still will go for performance; the netbook will hardly serve their needs. 
But for a lot of people in the midrange part of the marketplace, the netbook is clearly, clearly going to disrupt that. 

And so our strategy is ION. We announced ION for the Atom processor at CES. And the reception has been 
extraordinary. And the reason for that is because Atom, with the ION processor creates a full feature notebook. It's 
fully capable of DX10, 3D graphics, high definition video, Blu-ray Disc, just about anything you want to do on your 
computer is possible with the Atom processor in an ION. And so this platform, I think is a wonderful growth 
opportunity for us because it's the first time that we've really been able to enter into the lower end segments of the 
marketplace. 

But I think you're – what you're thinking about, about the future of the PC industry certainly is true, that, I think – or is 
likely to happen, that the high end marketplace will continue to be what it is, as people who want more performance 
can get it. And there's a lot of different reasons to bring performance to the high end. But the mid range part of the 
marketplace could very well become an extremely large low end part of the marketplace. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Great. Thanks for the answer. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney with FTN. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Hi, I was hoping to get a little bit of clarity about how you guys are thinking about the current 
environment, what you're assuming when you draw that conclusion about hopefully flat or slightly up. So would we 
have to think that you're assuming that end market demand is going to be flat to slightly up? Or that the channel might 
be rebuilding inventory this quarter and that's what could pull up your revenues? 

<A - Marv Burkett>: No, JoAnne, if you just assume that the market didn't get any better, our revenue has to go up. 
Because remember, they depleted significant channel inventory last quarter. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Can you give us a sense of how much that went down in your estimation, Marv? 

<A - Marv Burkett>: You're talking about their inventory? 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Yes. 


<A - Marv Burkett>: I think that they went from 2.5 to 3 months worth of inventory down to between one and 1.5 
months of inventory. That's my guess. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. And then within your inventory, in-house, can you give us a sense of how much of that 
inventory, what share of it is the older 65 nanometer product and what's the newer stuff? 

<A - Marv Burkett>: Well, we have more 65 nanometer parts than I thought we were going to have, but that's because 
the revenue was less than we thought. But I would still say the majority of the product by far is 55 nanometer. So we're 
going through the 65. It's more than I would like to have, but it's not an intolerable amount. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead with your question, sir. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: A couple of quick things for you, Marv. Just firstly, following off on that inventory. Your inventory 
is now like at 140 days on-hand. Where do you think that goes directionally in the April quarter and what are you 
trying to target? Obviously while you've had success with moving the channel lower, the inventory on-hand seems 
somewhat higher in terms of just the revenue balance. 

Separately, I was just wondering if you could just lay out for us some of the factors that you think may help the gross 
margin. I think you're saying 35 or mid-30s going forward for April. How do you see that going forward? 

And then lastly, if I may, in planning your OpEx, which you are lowering by 35 million, how are you thinking about 
the revenue? Obviously, you're not at breakeven yet. How are you thinking about the revenue shape for the back half of 
the year? And maybe that's more of a Jen-Hsun question. Or are you just suggesting that you've got to invest, 
irrespective of when you see the revenue come back. And where is that revenue? Is it mostly in the new products? Or 
how do you see desktop, for example? Thank you. 

<A - Marv Burkett>: Well, let me take the inventory issue first. We have significantly cut back our wafer starts. I 
don't think that's a surprise to anyone. When you have this inventory level, we don't need a lot more wafers. So, based 
on the inventory that we have, if you look into Q1, I see a significant inventory reduction coming. I can't give you the 
magnitude of that until you give me the revenue number. But I would say something significantly reduced in Q1. Going 
forward, this inventory should last us into the Q2 and Q3 before we have to replenish at those levels. So I think that our 
production buys are going to remain at a low level all the way through Q1, and it's going to take something into Q2 and 
Q3 with some other products and a slightly better market before we have to reinstitute wafer buys. 

The last question that you have with regard to the OpEx, is that – I go back to the goal that Jen-Hsun has established of 
getting the revenue down by 35 million on a quarterly basis, as what we can do without jeopardizing future revenue. It 
is not based on us being able to break even at some revenue level. It's a basis – it's on the basis of what we think we can 
do without jeopardizing the future. Now at 500 million, even if you cut it off – cut it by 35 million, we would not break 
even. So the issue is when does revenue start to recover and how successful are we in bringing the OpEx down by the 
35 million. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: And also presumably, where do you think the growth is? Presumably, you're not spending a lot in 
the desktop GPU space, or are you, in terms of investment and OpEx? Is the spending mostly on the new products? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, in the second half of the year, we had some areas of growth that we're relatively 
confident about. And these are areas of new growth. Tegra, our mobile computing device – mobile computing 
processor will ship towards the second half of the year. And so we're confident they will be revenue contributing and 
profit contributing. Tesla continues to ramp. We are engaged with more customers all the time, and who are looking for 
Tesla in their servers to dramatically accelerate their computing needs. So we're expecting that to grow. We're also 
expecting ION to contribute greatly to our growth going forward. ION is, as we talked about, both a really fabulous 


network – notebook processor, but also is terrific in the entry-level part of the PC marketplace in companion with a 
very low-cost microprocessor. And so, we think that that could revolutionize the affordable PC market. And so my 
sense is that we're going to continue to see growth in the ION business. So those are, I'm sorry? 

<Q - Tim Luke>: I was just wondering if, Marv, if separately you might be able to address the gross margin issue. 
Sorry. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah. If you look at the gross margin, Tim, last quarter, you would have what I would call a 
more normal inventory reserve position. That would have added 8 to 10 percentage points to margin. So all you have to 
do is not write off a lot of inventory and the margins return to the level that I outlined. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Lastly, 40-nanometer, could you confirm the timeline that you're expecting for that transition? 
Thank you so much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have really fabulous products in the marketplace today. And we don't announce any 
future products. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you and good luck. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with Broadpoint AmTech. Please proceed with your 

question. 
<Q - Doug Freedman>: Thanks guys for taking my question. Sorry about the background noise. Marv, can you go 
through the new product segments and give us an idea of which ones are likely to be accretive to gross margins, and 
which ones, should you be more successful, are actually going to be a headwind? And any comment that you guys can 
make about the gaming PC platforms would be helpful as well. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Wow, accretive gross margins. Which gross margin level are you talking about being accretive 
to? The one for last quarter, it doesn't take much. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: You've got a point. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, let's take them somewhat in order. Tesla certainly is accretive to gross margin. I think 
Tegra is certainly not a drag. It depends on what gross margin level that you're talking about. It's not a drag. If you're 
talking about the ION platform, it's probably in the mid-30s, so if we're very successful there, it's not a huge 
improvement in the gross margin percentage, but certainly a significant improvement in gross margin dollars. Which 
ones have I missed? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That's about it. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: Does that help? 
<Q - Doug Freedman>: And then, can you talk about the gaming platforms and what's happening in the gaming 


market space? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: What is the gaming platforms? 
<Q - Doug Freedman>: PS -- the Sony PS3, and royalty incomes. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't know what the question is. I mean they... 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: Do you want to know what the revenue was in the quarter or...? 



<Q - Doug Freedman>: Yeah. Yeah, the revenue or what your outlook is for that marketplace, is that seeing the same 
type of conditions that you've seen in your market space? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah. I think it – certainly, with – remember, a significant portion of the, I'll call it the Sony 
royalty portion, is based on their unit production. And so as their unit production drops, our revenue in that segment 
will drop. And I think that they're projecting much lower production levels in Q1 than they had in Q4. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Suji DeSilva with Kaufman Brothers. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Hi, Jen-Hsun, hi Marv. How you guys doing? On ION, can you guys talk about what you think 
the pace and quantity of the ramp here is in terms of your share, on the Intel platform, particularly? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't know how to characterize it for you, really, aside from the fact that we have notebook 
projects happening all over the world. A lot of this just depends on the success of our customers in these platforms. So 
there's still a lot of execution between now and then and lots of unknowns. And so I'm reluctant to give you numbers 
that, frankly, I don't know how to project. 

I do know that the design activity around our chipset is increasing. And I do know that we've announced a really 
exciting product. And so, I think if – and the markets are really resonating with it. And I'm sure that if you follow this 
market, you've heard just about nothing but about ION these days and the excitement that people have to build 
netbooks and low-end notebooks with it and so. So, I'm enthusiastic about the prospects and I look forward to reporting 
on it in a couple of quarters. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: But Jen-Hsun, the timing would be back-half loaded or steady throughout the year? Any comment 
there you can give us? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There are design wins that are being launched in just about every quarter. There's some this 
quarter, there will be some next quarter for sure. And hopefully, they'll be all fully ramped up for Q3, Q4. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Okay, great. And switching to your guidance in terms of the flat revenues, how do you see that 
and the notebook market versus the desktop market, given the different dynamics you cited for the current quarter? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We don't see significant change in any of them, you know -- relatively flat to slightly up, there 
is not a significant change in any of them. We don't think that the flat is derived from any one particular segment. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Okay. And then, on the OpEx cuts; were there any particular areas that were kind of overly hit by 
those? Or was it a broad-based effort on the part of the company to do more maybe with six people instead of seven 
people, is that the spirit of it, Jen-Hsun? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We affected a lot of different areas, whether it's -- the executives of our company took the 
largest and most significant cutbacks. And, but many of our -- almost all of our employees will make a contribution. 
There is travel reductions, there is -- just ideas all around the world and around the company to reduce spending 
wherever it can be reduced without affecting the key investments that I have highlighted. And so this is – it's 
broad-based and it's everywhere. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Okay. One last quick question, what's the pricing decline you're assuming, new guidance versus 
what typical pricing would decline? Thanks. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No change. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Okay. Thanks you guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Suji. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of David Wu with Global Crown Capital. Please proceed with your question. 


<Q - David Wu>: Yes. Can you talk a little bit about the, Marv on the breakeven either on a pro forma basis or on a 
cash basis, what kind of revenues are we looking at from a breakeven standpoint on a quarterly basis? 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, that's a very complex question, David. You have to tell me where the revenue is? What 


the gross margins are? How successful we are in getting our OpEx down to that targeted level? 


<Q - David Wu>: If we achieve the targeted level OpEx and if we have gross margin in the mid to sort of mid-30s, 
what kind of cash breakeven, operating cash breakeven, are we looking at or pro forma breakeven are we looking at? 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, that's an easy calculation for you to do. I'm not going to do it. 
<Q - David Wu>: Okay. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: I mean, if you have operating expenses at the 265 level that includes some stock-based 


compensation, which is non-cash. That includes some depreciation, which is non-cash. And so now you have a gross 


margin on X dollars of revenue, it's an easy calculation to make. 
<Q - David Wu>: All right. What about if I were to look at, let's say, the revenue -- $500 million is your first quarter 
roughly end demand number and the peak of the last – of last year was about – assuming that those are all end demand, 
is about 900 million. Whereabouts if you make the seasonal adjustment, where is end demand? If Q1 is 500, assuming 
normal seasonality, how high would that number be on your best quarter of the year? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, David, I think it's – and I don't think I'm saying something that's inconsistent with 
what you know. There's nothing that we're experiencing right now that is seasonal. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: Or normal. 
<Q - David Wu>: Okay. Let me ask this question then. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: You ask if that's in front of a normal seasonality, it's neither normal nor seasonal. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't mean... 


<Q - David Wu>: Normal nor seasonal. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't mean to make light of it, but it's – the environment is very difficult and uncertain. 
It's very difficult and uncertain not just for us, but it's very difficult and uncertain for everybody. 


<Q - David Wu>: Yeah, I understand. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And so our strategy is to make sure that we eliminate and as – be as discriminating as we can 


on spending, but continue to invest in the things that we know are important to the marketplace, the things that we're 
world-class at doing, and continue to innovate and challenge our employees to build amazing things. 
<Q - David Wu>: Talking about innovation, there has been a number – I guess the next round of game console design 


wins are coming up or has been – rumor has been awarded to different people. How close are we actually in terms of 


competing for the next generation of PS4 or Xbox or Wii? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't – it makes no sense to comment on rumors. And it also would be terrible to 
comment on future products of our customers. It is not our job to do that. And so, it's just – they're just rumors, David. 


<Q - David Wu>: Okay. Thank you. 



Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Good afternoon, thanks. Would you characterize the 1 to 1.5 months of inventory as being 
normal or lean or still on the high end of normal? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Very lean. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Very lean? Okay. And so, is your visibility now about the same or better than it was when you 
came into the January quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: How do you mean that January quarter? You mean our Q1? 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Would you say that you're setting the guidance at flattish or up slightly now? Would you say 
your visibility now is better than where it was when you came into Q4? Or the same? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I don't know how you characterize that, because when we went into Q4, the market had not 
dropped off a cliff. So I should certainly hope that the visibility is better now than it was then. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Can you give us an update on some of your new products then? What did Tesla 
represent for revenues for you in Q4 and Tegra, and your outlook for 2009 – calendar 2009? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see, Tesla in Q4. Did we break that out? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We haven't broken it out in the past. It was millions of dollars, several million dollars. I won't 
characterize it beyond that. When it gets to be significant, Shawn, we'll break it out. Tegra was insignificant. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tegra hasn't shipped yet. It's really second half of the year. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. First question to you, Marv. If I look at the guidance you're giving for the 
current quarter, how much – what should we expect for the workstation business within that guidance? And if you can 
just explain that in the context of what is a very challenging IT spending environment. I just want to be able to 
reconcile how much that will contribute to gross margin and just reconcile it with your guidance. So if you can talk 
about what dynamics you're seeing in the workstation business, what you saw the last quarter, and what you are 
implying within the guidance of the current quarter, that would be helpful. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Okay. The workstation business took a precipitous decline last quarter in Q4, it was down 
about 47% Q3 to Q4. That was surprising. I mean, it's a – if there was any business that would be somewhat of a safe 
haven from this, you would have thought it was in the workstation area. It didn't happen. So what the anticipation is, is 
relatively no change from the Q4 levels into Q1. So a continued weakness, I would call it. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Right. And that is supported by what you have in the backlog currently? Or do you require turns 
business to make that flat revenue guidance? This is very important for your gross margins, that's the reason why I'm 
pressing on this. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, we always require turns. We are not a business or – our business model is not based on 
the significant backlog at the beginning of a quarter. Our whole business is based on significant turns within the 
quarter. 


<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. Just one more question. If I look at the high-end GPU business, what is happening with 
pricing right now? Is pricing stabilized at this point? Because late last year, AMD did try to make a push in that market 
and so what is the outlook for pricing in that market for the current quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: In Q2 of last year, we did take a big step down in pricing. We had improperly priced our 
products too high, but we corrected that almost right away. The pricing that we're seeing out there are relatively stable 
at the moment. We're gaining share and we have the best products. And if we stay focused and continue to do our work 
and highlight our unique advantages with CUDA and PhysX and 3D Vision, I'm confident we'll continue to gain share. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, and just one last question. With Intel introducing some chipset products that will allow 720p, 
I'm just trying to understand how you now position ION because 3D gaming, which is probably your key feature, is not 
something that we've heard OEMs talk about as something consumers care about in a big way. So how are you going to 
position ION against Diamond built? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: 720p is not Blu-ray compatible as you know, and 720p is the minimum requirement of high 
def. And so, high definition includes all the way to 1080p, for one. The overall performance under Windows Vista and 
Vista Premium and the requirements for DX10 and Windows 7 coming out, all of the transcoding and video editing and 
video processing capabilities of CUDA are available on the ION platform. And so, if you want the best possible 
experience while still be extremely affordable, ION is really your way to go. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks Uche. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon. To follow-up on the gross margin question a little bit. In the GPU space, 
specifically desktop notebooks, can you talk about some of the pressure you might see from pricing and inventory 
reductions in the out quarters going into the second half versus whatever benefits you might get from 55-nanometer and 
lower, cost reductions? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Wow, that's difficult to say. All of our production now is on 55-nanometer and later in the 
year would be even smaller geometries. But how that impacts the gross margin is difficult to say. I think that the 
individual product gross margin in my view is not the issue. It's the total volume. And so, I think we'll do fine from a 
gross margin standpoint. 

<Q - James Schneider>: So, would you expect the GPU margins to continue to recover into the back half after – or 
early into Q2? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Oh, I think the gross margins in the GPU business will recover in Q1. Remember, a significant 
portion of the, let's call it the increased inventory write-off that we took in Q4 was in the GPU business. So, there 
should be a significant recovery in GPU gross margins in Q1. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Understood -- but no sense about beyond Q1? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay. And then just a follow-up, I think, Jen-Hsun, you mentioned ION in reference to the 
chipset products on notebook platforms, as well as it paired with the Intel Atom processor, could you talk about some 
of the design wins you've got, specifically when paired with the Intel Atom, please? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I – we shouldn't announce any design wins until the design wins ship. And so when it 
does ship, I'd be more than delighted to address it. I can only tell you that there is enthusiastic support and design 
activities all over the world, and so we'll see when they ship – when they do ship, hopefully it's not too long, we'll be 


delighted to talk about it. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks Jim. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. Marv, I hear your point that you don't want to impair your future growth by reducing 
OpEx to too low a level, but one could argue with sales down 60% year-on-year and with a pretty uncertain end market 
out there the future growth is impaired anyway. So I guess, when we think about your business going forward, what 
would you need to see, I mean, is there some lack of growth element out there that says to you, geez, you know what, 
I've got to cut anyway because it's just so bad? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, we're always looking at things like that. That's the job of management to look at them. If 
you were to tell me that the current economic environment is going to continue for the next 10 years, then lots of 
people, not only us but other companies are going to have to restructure their businesses. If you are telling me that the 
economic environment will change very quickly, that's merely holding own until it comes back. So, I don't know how 
long this economic environment is going to take. But I do know the only way out of recessions and significant 
recessions like this is not by cutting your future. The way out of the recession is by investing in – in future revenues, so 
we want to continue to do that. As long as we're not burning through significant cash, as long as we're investing in the 
right places, that's more significant to me. So I don't know what's going to happen in the economic environment. But... 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: That's a fair point, Marv. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And the investments that we make Glen, we want to make sure that -- we've scrutinized all of 
our investments. And we've asked ourselves are we – are we investing in areas that's going to lead us to growth? And if 
it's not going to lead us to growth, there is no point inventing in it. And so we have to believe in what we believe and 
once we believe it we are going to stay committed to it. Now obviously, environments change and we'll continue to 
revaluate but based on what we see right now, we are making good decisions. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Fair enough. I also wanted to ask about the linearity in the reported quarter and the implication 
that has for the start of the quarter because it sounds like November was really bad, I would guess that December was 
probably worse. Was January better? And at the beginning of February -- because of the flat guidance, I mean just 
thinking about the pattern of the last quarter it would suggest February must have started off not that bad and maybe if 
you could confirm or deny if that's true? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: November started off bad, December was worse and January wasn't a lot better. So. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It was very linear. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: But Marv, if I think about that going down from the first of the month – the first month to the third 
month, if you want to be flat, don't you have to be going up from the first month to the third month in this quarter and 
doesn't that seem like an unlikely situation? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No I don't think so. I think that you saw us being, I call it a victim of the quarter, our quarter 
being November, December, January. I think that was a negative compared to some of the other guys out there that are 
on a calendar quarter. I think that the depletion of the channel inventory was a negative for us relative to what's 
happening in the marketplace. And those two factors alone tell me that they weren't normal, if you want to call it that or 
-- the run rate of consumption out there is equal to or better than our revenue for the last quarter. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. Fair enough, thanks a lot. 


Operator 

I'll now turn the call over to Jen-Hsun. Please go ahead sir. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to reporting our progress for Q1. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


