Q3 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robert Csongor 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
• Colette Kress 
Other Participants 

• Romit J. Shah 
• Hans C. Mosesmann 
• Ross C. Seymore 
• JoAnne Feeney 
• Alex D. Gauna 
• Harlan L. Sur 
• Daniel L. Amir 
• Doug Freedman 
• Raji S. Gill 
• Samuel Meehan 
• Vivek Arya 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Paul and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the NVIDIA Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] 

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rob Csongor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your 
conference. 

Robert Csongor 

Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call on third quarter of fiscal 2014 results. 
With me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Colette 
Kress, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we'll open up the call to a question-and-answer session. 
Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow up. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations website 
and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until November 14, 2013, 
and the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2014. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may 


differ materially. For a discussion of the factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer 
to the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended July 28, 2013, and the reports 
we may file from time-to-time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All our statements are 
made as of today, November 7, 2013, based on information available to us as of today and, except as required by law, 
we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all references to market research and 
market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

During this call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on our website. 

With that, let's begin. NVIDIA's focus on advancing the GPU and targeting specialty segments of the PC and mobile 
markets where visual computing matters, resulted in revenue growth in line with our outlook and near record gross 
margins. A strong PC gaming market, together with record Quadro and Tesla results, and the new Tegra revenues from 
Tegra 4 in new Android devices, offset declines in mainstream PC units. While the PC market overall declined 9% 
year-on-year according to Gartner, NVIDIA's year-to-date overall GPU business is up 4% versus the same time period. 

PC gaming continues to grow, led by PC MMO growth at 14% according to market research firm Newzoo. PC gaming 
represents almost 40% of the worldwide gaming market, larger than console, phone, tablet, or any other gaming 
markets. PC gaming is also becoming a huge spectator sport as more than 8.3 million people watched last year's League 
of Legends Championship Final online, more than the number of people who watched the 2013 Stanley Cup Hockey 
Final. 

This quarter, we launched exciting new products to feed the demand of PC gamers and spectators alike. We recently 
unveiled our fastest gaming GPU ever, the GeForce GTX 780 Ti, which this morning received the following 
assessment from MaximumPC, and I quote, "The GTX 780 Ti is just in a league all by itself." We launched NVIDIA 
G-SYNC technology, which for the first time enables near-perfect synchronization between the GPU and the display, 
solving the decades-old problem of on-screen tearing, stuttering and lag. And we introduced GeForce ShadowPlay, a 
software platform that lets gamers record, stream, and share their best gaming moments. Think of it as a DVR and 
video chat for gaming highlights built in to your GeForce GPU. 

The growth of PC gaming has bolstered our GPU gaming revenues despite changes in the PC market. NVIDIA's GPU 
gaming revenues are up 6% year-to-date compared to the same period last year, while notebook GPU gaming revenues 
have doubled the last two years. While we saw declines in our mainstream PC OEM business consistent with the 
overall market, the decline in mainstream units came out of our lowest gross margin products while the stronger gross 
margin notebooks GTX lines grew. The result was favorable revenue and gross margin mix with financial performance 
better than the overall PC market. 

Quadro posted record revenues and record gross margins, driven by strong sales of our new K6000 product. Tesla 
revenue also hit a new high, driven by steadily ramping demand for Tesla product in high-performance compute 
applications, particularly for big data analysis. Evidence of increasing industry compute momentum this quarter 
included an announcement by IBM that they're working on accelerating Java with CUDA. A recent HPC site survey 
from the Intersect360 Research group showed that accelerators are now at 44% of high-performance computing sites, 
up from 24% two years ago. 85% of the HPC sites using accelerators are using NVIDIA Tesla GPUs. 

Our GRID platform, which virtualizes graphics by deploying GPUs in the data center to accelerate enterprise power 
applications, continues to gain momentum with 212 GRID customer trials now in progress, up from 150 last quarter. 
All major server OEMs, including Cisco, Dell, Fujitsu, Hitachi, HP, IBM and Lenovo, are now promoting GRID for 
enterprise PC virtualization. This quarter, VMware announced that VMware Horizon View now supports GRID, 
enabling graphics acceleration for users of their virtual desktop environment. GRID this quarter won the Best of Show 
Judge's Choice Award at VMware's VMworld Conference. And this week, Amazon Web Services announced that they 
are deploying GRID servers, delivering GPU acceleration to users running graphics-intensive applications and games 
in the cloud. 


Tegra revenue more than doubled this quarter. Tegra 4 shipped in over 15 different mobile devices including Xiaomi, 
HP, Microsoft, ASUS, Toshiba, Acer, and others. Android devices with Tegra this quarter included ASUS' new 
2500x1600 Transformer convertible tablet, three new HP tablets, a new Acer all-in-one PC, ViewSonic's new Android 
intelligent display, and a number of Android microgame consoles. Tegra in automotive continues to ramp, delivering 
another record revenue quarter. 

SHIELD is the ultimate portable game console and continues to garner critical acclaim in reviews. Last week, we 
launched GameStream technology which allows streaming of GeForce PC games to SHIELD, and game Gamepad 
Mapper, which allows hundreds of Android games to take advantage of the SHIELD's physical controller. More than 
10 worldwide partners have announced Tegra Note products to ship this year. 

And finally, Xiaomi, the hot smartphone maker from China which recently surpassed Apple's share in that region, 
launched what the Chinese press has referred to as the fastest superphone in the world, the Mi3 superphone by Tegra 4. 
The first 100,000 units sold out in 86 seconds. Subsequent production builds of 200,000 also sold out within minutes. 
In summary, visual computing in gaming, professional graphics, compute, and the data center, drove solid financial 
results this quarter despite a changing PC market while positioning us to capitalize on growth opportunities in the 
coming year. 

With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang 

Thanks, Rob. Hello, everyone. I'm very pleased to introduce Colette Kress, who took over the role as NVIDIA's CFO 
in September. Colette has nearly 25 years of finance experience at major technology companies. She previously served 
for three years as Senior Vice President and CFO at Cisco's Business Technology and Operations Finance organization, 
where she was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for all business 
segments, engineering and operations. Prior to that, Colette spent 13 years at Microsoft, including four years as CFO of 
the Server and Tools division, and held senior roles in corporate planning and finance. She had also earlier served at 
Texas Instruments in a variety of finance positions. She is already making a big impact, and we're thrilled to have her at 
NVIDIA. 

I want to take this opportunity to thank Karen Burns for her tremendous contributions to NVIDIA while acting as our 
Interim CFO during our search. During her tenure as Interim CFO, NVIDIA's financial performance grew and 
prospered, highlighted by consistent gross margin growth, and the initiation of our capital return program to 
shareholders. With a solid foundation provided by Karen and her team, we had the ability to search for the right 
candidate for this critical position. Karen will continue in her role as Vice President of Finance, reporting to Colette. 

With that, let me turn the call over to NVIDIA's new Chief Financial Officer, Colette Kress. 

Colette Kress 

Thank you very much, Jen-Hsun. It's a pleasure to be here. Hello, everyone. I want to highlight some key points before 
we open up for Q&A. Overall results for the third quarter were in line with our overall expectations for the quarter, as 
continued demand for high-end desktop GPUs, Tegra, Quadro and Tesla platforms drove our results. Revenue for the 
quarter was $1.64 billion, slightly above our outlook, and up 8% sequentially. We delivered EPS of $0.20 on a GAAP 
basis, and $0.26 on a non-GAAP basis. These results compared to Street consensus estimates of $0.19 for GAAP, and 
$0.26 for non-GAAP. Revenue for the quarter reflected solid results in our GPU business. 

The GPU business grew $18 million, or 2% quarter-over-quarter, and was down 2% year-over-year. Desktop GeForce 
GPU revenue grew slightly compared to last quarter, due to a stronger mix of the mainstream segment, in addition to 
price repositioning of our high-end GeForce product. The year-ago quarter for desktop GPU revenue was particularly 
strong as the increased available supply of Kepler high-end GPUs drove results. Our notebook GPU revenue declined 


as volumes in our low-end notebooks decreased. However, high-end gaming notebooks had strong growth, as 
mentioned earlier. 

In our gaming segment, inclusive of our GeForce gaming GPUs and high-end notebook GPUs, our revenue has grown 
6% year-to-date, driven by healthy gaming markets. Quadro enterprise revenue increased 5% quarter-over-quarter, and 
24% year-over-year, setting another record quarter fueled by a strong demand for Kepler-based Quadro products. Our 
Tesla revenue increased 6% quarter-over-quarter, and 43% year-to-date, also setting another record quarter as 
accelerated computing gains momentum. 

Revenue for the Tegra business more than doubled sequentially, as our Tegra 4 shipments in mobile surged. Our 
growth in Tegra, including strong revenue from new smartphone releases by Xiaomi and growth in our tablet products 
across several platforms. Additionally, our Tegra sales benefited from Microsoft Surface 2 shipments and our new 
NVIDIA-branded SHIELD gaming and entertainment portable. As we move to Q4, we expect our Tegra revenue will 
further grow compared to Q3 and we continue to ramp these devices into market and our customers introduce new 
designs. 

GAAP gross margins in Q3 were 55.4% and our non-GAAP gross margins were 55.7%, influenced by our success in 
our Tegra processor business revenue for the quarter and by the most recent price changes in our high-end GeForce 
desktop products. GAAP operating expenses this quarter were $443 million, which was $17 million below our outlook 
as we worked on optimizing our resources and spending. On a non-GAAP basis, operating expenses were $405 million. 

Moving to Q4 outlook, we expect total revenue to be approximately $1.05 billion, about flat with Q3, with continued 
success in our GPU business offset by decline in mainstream GPUs. We expect strong sequential growth in Tegra. We 
anticipate GPU business gross margins to remain stable and to experience continued strong growth in Tegra sales. 
Thus, we expect our GAAP gross margins to be approximately 54.2% and non-GAAP gross margins to be 
approximately 54.5% in the fourth quarter. On a GAAP basis, operating expenses should be about $450 million in the 
fourth quarter. Our non-GAAP operating expenses in Q4 should be about $410 million. The slight increase from Q3 
reflecting growth in head count-related expenses. The full-year should come in slightly over $1.6 billion non-GAAP. 

Moving to our capital return strategies; our $750 million accelerated stock repurchase was complete on October 22nd 
with the return of an additional 14.6 million shares. In total, we have repurchased 59.5 million shares year-to-date. For 
the quarter, our dividend was $43 million. Year-to-date, we have returned a total of $983 million through capital return 
allocation to shareholders, consisting of $133 million in quarterly dividend payments and $850 million through share 
repurchases, reflecting continued confidence in the company's outlook and the focus on providing a strong, consistent 
return to shareholders, we are pleased to announce a 13% increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.075 per share to 
$0.085 per share. This dividend increase will be effective in the current Q4 of fiscal year 2014. 

Our board has also authorized an additional $1 billion of common stock repurchases for a total authorization of $1.286 
billion, available through the end of fiscal year 2016. We plan to continue our capital return to shareholders, and with 
the increase in regular dividend and stock repurchase authorization, we are pleased to announce that we intend to return 
up to $1 billion of capital to shareholders within fiscal year 2015. 

Turning to other balance sheet items; our overall financial position remains very strong. For the quarter, we generated 
$162 million in cash from operations and $124 million in cash from free cash flows. Year-to-date, we have generated 
$434 million in cash from operations and $246 million in free cash flow. Cash, inclusive of marketable securities, at the 
end of the quarter was $3 billion. 

With that, let me turn the call back over to Rob. 

Robert Csongor 

Thanks, Colette. That concludes our prepared remarks. At this time, we'd like to open up the call to take questions. 
Again, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up so we can accommodate as many questions as possible. 
Thank you. 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura. Please proceed. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Thanks, and congrats on a good quarter. Jen-Hsun, license revenue was $66 million in the 
quarter; it's still a meaningful portion of operating profit. I know the agreement with Intel is set to expire in 2017, but I 
was wondering if that's still the right way to look at it. Should we assume that the revenue stream goes away in 2017, or 
is there potential for Intel to re-up that agreement? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, that technology licensing is an important part of our company's strategy. We licensed 
our technology to Sony for the PlayStation. We licensed our technology to Intel for their integrated graphics products. 
In the time that we've done these agreements, we have increased our activities around technology licensing. In July, as 
you probably remembered, we announced that we would license our GPU core, which is at the heart of the Logan – 
Project Logan, which is our next-generation Tegra processor, and its architecture is based on the world's best GPU 
called Kepler. 

Our intentions are to continue to invest in technology licensing and make this an important part of our business going 
forward. So whether it's Intel or others, this is an opportunity that's very important to us as one of the most important 
innovators around the GPU, and as you know, the GPU is more important than ever. The GPU, when we started the 
industry, was available only on PCs and workstations and now it's available on mobile devices and tablets and cars and 
cloud and servers. And so this is an area that we're going to continue to invest in, and this is an area that we're going to 
try to monetize in a lot of different ways, because business models change and business models are different in all these 
different segments. Sometimes it makes sense for us to sell chips, sometimes it makes sense for us to offer systems, and 
sometimes it makes sense for us to license cores in our technology. 

And so I think the way you should think about our technology licensing is that Intel is one of the opportunities for us, 
but this is a much larger opportunity for us than ever before, and this is an area that we have a lot of activity around. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: All right, thanks for the color on that. As a follow up, you mentioned that automotive generated 
a record amount of revenue for that segment. Could you give us a sense of how big automotive is now as a percentage 
of Tegra? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would say that it's probably about 25% of Tegra and accelerating. But the way to think 
about automotive is, the automotive – the modern car is a connected car. And so, visual computing matters more than 
ever. And instead of using traditional mechanical instrumentation, digital clusters provide them the opportunity to 
modernize the driving experience. The GPU, because of the GPGPU, the programmable GPU inside our processors, 
make possible all kinds of new driver assistance capability. Because of computer vision, because of driver assistance, 
artificial intelligence-type of capabilities, we make cars safer and we make cars funner to drive. 

And so from digital clusters to infotainment systems to, in the future, driver assistance, the car is going to be an 
opportunity for more than just one GPU. And as we see the success of the Tesla electric car, I think you're going to see 
more and more car companies follow suit and be much more aggressive in adding mobile computing into the car. This 
is an area that we've invested quite a lot of effort over the years, and our expectation is to see continued success here. 
Now design wins... 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. Please proceed. 


<Q - Hans C. Mosesmann>: Thanks and congrats on a good quarter. My first question, Jen-Hsun, can you give us an 
update on the Tegra 4i and that roadmap as it relates to certification, and what you may see in terms of sales in the next 
several quarters? And I have a follow up. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Hans. I appreciate that. Let's see, we had said earlier, previously, that Tegra 4i 
projects are in development, and that we expect them likely to be announced in Q1, and ship no later than Q2. I 
appreciate you asking, and we didn't announce it, but Tegra 4i has now been certified through AT&T, and we're really 
excited about that. And so we're going to continue to wait to announce the devices, but it has been certified for voice 
and data. 

<Q - Hans C. Mosesmann>: Okay, that's great to hear. And then as a follow up, because the Tegra 4i is implementing 
a software-defined approach in terms of the modem, what do you suppose would be the implications of this type of an 
approach compared to some of your potential rivals that are struggling with using just traditional hardware approaches? 
Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the benefit of software-defined radios is to be able to re-use that processor for many 
different protocols. And if the processor is designed with enough headroom, we'll be able to support higher bit rates in 
an ever-changing landscape of protocols. And so if you look at our progress, our progress with respect to getting Tegra 
4i certified, and the i500 has also, by the way, been certified for voice and data. 

Our speed of getting our Icera modem certified certainly is a indication of the flexibility of SDR. Now one of the 
historical challenges of SDR is thought to be power consumption. But those are not the fundamental problems. Those 
are architectural and technology challenges. And with the right technology, the right architecture, and a lot of great 
care, we've been able to make Tegra 4i and the i500 modems fit within very aggressive and competitive power 
envelopes. And so, we're in pretty great shape there, and I'm looking forward to launching devices with them. 

<Q - Hans C. Mosesmann>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Hans. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank Securities. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Hi. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I was just wondering – for a little bit more color for 
the fourth quarter. Colette, you mentioned a little bit about Tegra being up strongly. On the GPU side, can you say 
again what you expect that to do, and any more color underneath the surface there on the professional side versus 
desktop, notebook et cetera would be appreciated? Thank you. 

<A - Colette Kress>: So we are indicating in our guidance for Q4 that we'll be essentially flat in Q4 versus Q3. We did 
articulate that our Tegra business would be up sequentially. So therefore, our overall GPU business will be slightly 
down from Q3, in total. We still believe strong growth in terms of the overall gaming side of that will continue as we 
go into Q4. But overall, the PC market and our low-end PC GPUs are probably expected to continue what we've been 
seeing in Q3. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: And can you give any color on – within the GPU segment, what percent you talk about is 
gaming? I think you said that overall is up about 6% year-to-date, year-over-year, which is impressive growth. But just 
to give us an idea of how much of your GPU segment that represents? 

<A - Colette Kress>: It represents about [ph] 400 (27:32), give or take, on the individual quarter, our overall gaming 
segment. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Great. And then as my last question very quickly, what sort of seasonality should we expect 
in your Tegra business? I know you have a multitude of things ramping, and even with Tegra 4i coming, how should 
we think about the launches of new products offsetting seasonality and whatever that seasonality may be? Any color on 


that would be great, and then I'll go away. Thank you. 

<A - Colette Kress>: No, I'm not sure there is a seasonality on the Tegra business that we could point to at this stage. I 
think it's going to take a little while to better understand that, and even all the way through fiscal year 2015. So I'm not 
sure we can add any color at this time in terms of when those volumes on each of the designs would come through. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney with ABR Investment Strategies (sic) [Strategy] (28:29). 
Please proceed. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Yeah, thanks folks, nice quarter. Just a question about the graphic situation on the Quadro side; 
you had nice growth last quarter. I'm wondering what you see for an outlook for that product line sort of longer-term 
and what you think the positive drivers have been to-date? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, JoAnne. Let's see. The Quadro growth drivers are fundamentally related to the fact 
that more and more companies are using digital design approaches for every aspect of their product design. There are 
so many companies who still use mechanical prototyping, actual prototyping. And – but today, unless – if you really 
want to be able to stay state-of-the-art, create devices that are as exquisite as what we see in the marketplace today, or it 
is that you like to do more 3D virtual prototyping, all of that's going to require you to invest in designing in 3D. And so 
we're just seeing greater and greater adoption of 3D design in all aspects of product design. 

The second growth factor has to do with the fact that we're able to now, because of our rendering techniques, able to be 

– we're able to add value to a larger part of their workflow. Whereas before we were used for design, we're now used 
largely – we're also used largely for styling, because our visualization and our rendering is photorealistic now. We can 
capture real materials, so as a result we can actually render using computers the ability to prototype devices that are 
photorealistic. 
We're also increasingly being used in product lifetime management, and so PLM. And that's just an increase in the 
number of people inside companies that would need to use 3D assets, whether it's in training or documentation or 
managing their supply chain, managing their subcontractors, inventory management, parts repairs. And so, more and 
more of the entire product lifetime includes 3D, where Quadro could be useful. 

And then lastly, more and more countries are continuing to adopt manufacturing not just for – not just [indiscernible] 

(31:10) at the supply chain level, but at the design level. And so, Quadro continues to surprise us with the size of the 
overall market, and I think when we innovate and we discover that the market is larger than people had ever expected. 
<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. And so, all good drivers, and in the past you've been talking about Quadro as sort of 
growing at the rate of GDP, and then we saw that very sharp pickup. So I'm wondering if you think the increase in 
sequential growth that we've seen in the last few quarters is sustainable, or if we've – perhaps seen a new adoption 
wave that's likely to settle down. How do you view the future in this? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I guess – I don't know that I could be particularly precise about it. The thing that I do 
know is this, our market share in Quadro is very high. I really don't know of any car company or movie, movie studio 
or digital broadcast station or oil or gas company that doesn't use Quadro in a large part of their entire workflow. And 
so I think that the real opportunity for us is, of course, continuing to expand globally and work with OEMs around the 
world to see their workstations be adopted by the various industries. That's a deliberate effort on our part, and we have 
OEM partnerships in every geography to expand their reach and their understanding of workstations in the local 
industries. 

And then secondarily, to continue to create new ways for workstations to be useful to more people, to more 
professionals inside a company, expanding our reach of their workflow. In those two dimensions that we continue to 
innovate and we continue to drive hard, I think we're going to – we have every opportunity to outgrow the GDP. And 


so, we'll see how it turns out, but that's our deliberate strategy anyhow. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then if I could ask a question on the gross margin, so this 
quarter it looks like a fairly notable decline in the gross margin and I'm wondering about the drivers, especially since 
what you're seeing on the notebook graphic side, as you said, is a decline in your lowest margin business, which 
suggests that the gross margin ought to be moving higher. So is it the price cuts recently that's driving those gross 
margins down this quarter, or is it more broadly a shift in mix? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, there's three components that were notable this quarter. We made pricing changes that 
were planned at the end of the quarter, but it affected our pricing for the entire quarter. That's one, which is our GTX... 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Jen-Hsun, this is – I'm talking about the out-quarter, actually, for the January quarter, the 
decline that we're anticipating. I'm wondering what's driving that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I guess it would, number one, be Tegra. It would – we are expecting to be more 
successful with Tegra and Tegra's gross margins are below the corporate average, and the success there is good. The 
success there is good and it's welcomed, and so it'll have an impact on our gross margins. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. And then on the pricing front, those price cuts that you've sent 
through just recently, is there any need that you'll have at some point to offer rebates to your card partners for them to 
sell those products that they bought in GPUs from you at the older prices? I'm wondering if there's any kind of concern 
that there might be an inventory problem or a rebate that you'll need to give the card partners at some point. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We planned for this move for quite some time and we've been thoughtful about this move for 
quite some time. And everything that we've announced and everything that is out in the marketplace have been planned 
and with our partners, and so I think we're in pretty good shape. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna from JMP Securities. Please proceed. 

<Q - Alex D. Gauna>: Thanks very much for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, if I heard you correctly earlier, you said 
that automotive is about 25% of Tegra. Can you give us an idea of percentage exposure perhaps to Windows, to 
Android, to also Chrome? And then maybe, could you give us an idea of how you see your Android and even Windows 
ecosystem expanding beyond tablets here in the new HP 21-inch all-in-one, a pretty amazing machine, at a pretty 
amazing price. What's the outlook there on getting beyond phones, beyond tablets with Tegra? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Alex. Almost – vastly everything else is Android. We have some for WinRT or 
Surface, but our focus is that going forward, the vast majority of Windows on ARM will be Surface. And so, we're not 

– the most, the vast majority of everything else in Tegra is Android. 
Now with respect to Android, you're absolutely right that Android is not just about phones. Android is the most 
disruptive operating system that we've seen in a few decades, in a couple of decades. And this time, because of the 
open-source nature of Android, it could be adapted to all kinds of devices. You see that all of a sudden, not only is 
Android in smartphones, it was in tablets, it's now in all-in-one PCs. I think three all-in-one PCs based on Tegra was 
announced this last quarter. You're going to see more of them. And it's quite delightful to be able to buy a monitor, 
bring it home and plug it in and it's already a computer. And if you like, you could still connect it to HDMI to a PC and 
use it as a PC. 

You're going to see Android in all kinds of other computing devices, including set-top box and others. And so, Android 
is probably the most versatile operating system that we've ever known, and it has the benefit of also being connected to 
the cloud. And so, the day that you turn it on, it's incredibly useful with all kinds of applications already on it. And so 
that's Android. 


Chrome, we have no exposure to Chrome today, but it's proven to be quite an important operating system. We've 
known all along that technologically it's incredibly robust, resilient and high-quality and now we're seeing quite strong 
adoptions all over the world. And so this is an area that warrants focus on our part and we'll put some energy around it 
to go see if we can make a contribution in this space as well. 

<Q - Alex D. Gauna>: Two-part follow up if I could, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hey. I'm sorry. Alex? I'm sorry. Let's keep it at two if we can, all right? Let's keep it at two 
per person. We're starting to spread out beyond that. Can we take – let's move on to our next caller. Sorry, Alex. We'll 
pick it up next time. We'll follow up with you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and nice traction on GRID. 212 trials – I 
think that's about a 40% increase on the prior quarter. Of that incremental growth, what types of customers and 
applications did you bring on and when do you guys expect these trials to start to materialize into significant revenues? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, Harlan. Thank you. Let's see. We announced GRID. I mean that is – it is pretty – it is 
probably one of the most successful product launches for enterprise that we've ever had. And you could argue that this 
is really NVIDIA's first enterprise product because workstations isn't in the sweet spot of enterprise computing; it's a 
specialized part of enterprise computing. And Tesla is for high-performance computing which is not in the sweet spot 
of enterprise computing. This is the first time that we've been in the sweet spot of enterprise computing and had the 
benefit of the sales force of every major OEM in the world supporting its launch. 

From Cisco, to Dell, to HP, to IBM, Fujitsu, Hitachi, I don't know of any global enterprise IT company who isn't 
supporting GRID and taking it to market. The type of applications that – and we have the support of Citrix and 
VMware. Citrix we announced in Q2 I think it was. And VMware was announced this last quarter. And so we have 
sales force – we have the largest extended sales force of any product that we've ever had. The type of applications that 
people are using it for are really essentially taking their PC and virtualizing and putting it in a data center and the power 
of doing that is you can now access your PC from anywhere on any device. With a Citrix receiver client or the VMware 
receiver client, you can now have your PC literally anywhere. 

Now there are several powerful benefits to that. For the people who are designing and working on large data sets, the 
benefit is that you've moved your computer closer to the data. So instead of moving the data to the computer, you're 
moving the computer to the data. And so for big data problems, large data sets or projects where you're collaborating 
with a whole lot of other people, you now don't have a whole lot of different copies of the data. You also have the 
benefit of mobility. People are using more and more mobile devices and people are working from customer sites and 
working from home or out giving demos. The benefit of having mobility is really incredible. 

And so there's a lot of different benefits associated with it and then now with the cost of storage continuing to reduce 
and the cost of networking continuing to reduce, you can now make these virtualized PC environments much more cost 
effectively. So I think our timing is good. 

Your question about adoption, about trial to ramp, these are enterprise trials and my sense is that somewhere between 
six months to nine months is what we're experiencing. And so we'll see how it turns out but the trials that we have 
going around the world are large, important customers who have significant deployment to do. And the early response 
has just been really fantastic. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Thanks for that, Jen-Hsun. And then just a quick housekeeping question. So historically the 
team has seen about a $25 million, $30 million increase in OpEx in fiscal Q1 due to the fringe benefit step-up. Is that 
how we should be thinking about it for Q1 of next year? 


<A - Colette Kress>: We're not necessarily here to talk about our Q1. In Q1, primarily it's regarding our payroll taxes 
that can drive an increase. But at this time, we're not giving a full look in terms of fiscal year 2015 [inaudible] (43:27). 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot, Harlan. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Amir with Lazard Capital Markets. Please proceed. 

<Q - Daniel L. Amir>: Yeah, thanks a lot. Thank you for taking my call. A couple questions here, so on the Tegra 
stuff, what type of milestones should we be looking at here in the next few quarters in terms of really seeing how 
successful the 4 and 4i is going to be compared to the 3 when that launched, and the traction that you had initially with 
that product? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would look at several things. I think that this time, the strategy that I've laid out for you 
guys before, basically says several things. One, we believe that Tegra 4 – we delayed Tegra 4 so that we could pull in 
our Logan Project, and also our modems. I am delighted with that decision. It put a trough in this year. However, we've 
bounced back from that. 

I think that what you will see is several things. One, there will be more devices ramped with Tegra 4. Tegra 4 should 
continue to contribute to our momentum recovering in Tegra. And you should see that Tegra is adopted in more than 
just phones, that there'll be phones and tablets and other devices, automotive and other devices. And then third, and you 
should see our modems come to market with important devices that I think people would love using. And then lastly, 
the gap between Tegra 4, and our next-generation processor, Project Logan, should be a lot shorter than one year. 

And so I think all of that is on track, and we'll keep an eye on it. But those would be the major differences between 
Tegra 4, Tegra 4i and Logan versus Tegra 3. 

<Q - Daniel L. Amir>: Okay, great. And just one follow up on the OpEx. I know that you're not giving full-look 
guidance onto next year. But just understand in terms of the Tegra spending, I mean, how should we be looking at that 
on a year-over-year basis, because I guess that does have an impact in terms of how we should look at next year's R&D 
expense to some extent? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, in the beginning of the year we said that we are targeting $1.6 billion for our total 
OpEx for the year and based on what Colette just described, we are right on target on $1.6 billion. If you looked at the 
growth quarter-to-quarter, by and large, I think we are – and we've said before, that when a tickup in investment to 
support our modem projects. And our modem projects has two different pieces. One piece is data modem, which I don't 
think anyone disputes is important in many of our market segments, nor is anybody particularly concerned that SDR is 
a great platform for data modem. There was a question about our voice modem. And we had invested – we had 
ticked-up our investment to support those two things. I think we are at those levels. So when the time comes for Q1 on 
guidance we'll tell you surely more, but we are invested into the markets that we believe we want to be invested in. 

<Q - Daniel L. Amir>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks, guys, for taking my question, and welcome Colette. Can you talk a little bit 
about what you're seeing in terms of Tegra, you've got a few different go-to-market strategies there with your SHIELD 
and the Note project? Can you give us an update on how both of those are doing, and maybe what percentage of Tegra 
revs are coming from each? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: First of all, thanks a lot, Doug. I appreciate the question. Tegra Note is a reference platform. 
Tegra Note is a reference platform, albeit very complete. It has the additional qualities that the software is very 
polished and that it includes featured like stylus, the world's first high-performance passive stylus that is unique. It has 
the world's first Always-on HDR that is unique. So it has capabilities that no other tablets have, no other devices is 
have. And it has the benefit of having software that's completely polished and refined. But otherwise it's a reference 
platform and we direct our partners, particularly local brand holders around the world, who don't have the ability to 
invest in building such a great device at the ODMs that we partner with to have these devices built. But in the end, our 
business model there is to sell a chip, and we partner with local brand holders around the world to take these devices to 
market. 

With respect to SHIELD, it is our initiative to cultivate the gaming marketplace for Android. We believe that Android 
is going to be a very important platform for gaming in the future. And to do so, we have to create devices that enable 
great gaming to happen on Android. Our investment there is modest, our expectations are modest, and we're – our 
distribution is modest. We built these devices, they're in the hands of every developer in the world now and their 
reviews have been fantastic, and we're going to let the market tell us how they like it and then we'll take it from there. 

And so for Tegra Note, the business model ultimately is to sell chips, partner with partners like we do with GeForce. 
And in the case of SHIELD, it is an NVIDIA-branded product but we're approaching it modestly and carefully. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. If you could maybe offer us a little bit of insight into the progress you're having with 
4i, it's great to hear that it's been certified. What type of launch and how big a breadth of launch do you expect 4i to 
have on the business for Tegra? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, it's our first voice modem product. And so, my expectations are that the device – the 
devices will be quite terrific, and I think people will be delighted by the OEM that it comes from. It will likely be 
global but not U.S. You really need to have CDMA in the U.S. to be successful, and so we're not targeting U.S. with 
respect to phones, we're targeting outside the U.S. 

And so, let's go ahead and wait and see until Q2 timeframe when – or Q1 timeframe when it gets launched and Q2 
timeframe when it gets shipped. But my expectation is that it should be really wonderful. Okay? 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Doug. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. Please proceed. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, just on the competitive landscape, in the handset 
market and to a lesser extent the tablet market for Tegra, going forward, as you know the competition has intensified 
from players like MediaTek and Spreadtrum on the low-end but also other players, and you've kind of seen Broadcom 
face a lot of challenges trying to break into this market. So I was just wondering if you could speak to that a little bit, 
and how do you think about the competitive landscape going forward? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Sure. I appreciate the question, Raji. First of all, Tegra is not just about phones. Although we 
have found success with Xiaomi and we've found success with others and we've participated in building some of the 
most exciting superphones in the marketplace, and we'll continue to do that. Tegra is not just about phones. Unlike the 
companies that you've named, NVIDIA's application processors can be successful and very successful without 
modems. However, there are many segments of our market going forward where a data modem is important to have. 

And Icera gives us a platform to build a data modem, which we are very successful at already. I think the risk of our 
data modem success is not at all a concern, and in fact we're incredibly proud of the performance of our data modem. 
It's a piece of technology and a companion part of our technology offering that's really important for us to have. If you 


look at Tegra, therefore, whether it's in phones or tablets or cars, set-top boxes, gaming devices, all-in-one PCs, chrome 
PCs, they all require the same application processor. And so Tegra is more than just phones. 

And in many of those segments, a data modem is very important to have. And in one segment, a voice modem is very 
important to have. And so the way to think about our position – the way to think about our position, you have to think 
about the whole Android, the whole mobile technology market. You can't just think about phones, which is very unlike 
the two companies that you mentioned earlier. They tend to be very phone-centric. We're just simply not. 

Now, I understand that last couple of years that the only conversation has been around phones. But we all know that the 
conversation around Android is going to expand far beyond phones. And this is an area that we can add a lot to the 
conversation. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: Appreciate the insight. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Raji. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi. Please proceed. 

<Q - Samuel Meehan>: Hi. This is Samuel Meehan on behalf of Glen Yeung. Another question about automotive, 
perhaps longer-term in nature; are you still on track to reach your stated goal of $450 million in sales contribution by 
fiscal 2016? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are still on track doubling that business every year. And so the answer to your question is 
yes. We continue to capture design wins and computing and automotive is increasing in importance every year. 

<Q - Samuel Meehan>: And can you speak on the design wins at automotive OEMs that's needed to get that current 
business from $30 million a quarter currently to that $450 million target? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We already have it. Design wins are shipping as many years, as you know, in a car. And so, 
it's multi-years. You have to work on a project for a couple, two, three years before you ship it. And so we already have 
it. 

<Q - Samuel Meehan>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks [indiscernible] (56:41). 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. Please proceed. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, how should we conceptually think about NVIDIA's 
growth drivers in 2014 if the PC market stays somewhat weak, the smartphone market remains competitive? And I 
think you mentioned GRID could take some time to ramp. So how would you rank order your growth drivers for next 
year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that, Vivek. I would say in terms of absolute dollars, number 
one would be Tegra. In terms of – so that's number one. Number two would be Tesla. Number three would be PC 
gaming, which is GeForce GTX. Number four, although the buildup of potential is likely the greatest with GRID, 
you're right that it's off of a small base today, and so I would say number four is GRID. But the following year, GRID 
could very well be the largest growth driver. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. And then maybe as a follow up for Colette. Your onshore cash is about $600 million. It 
used to be about $1.5 billion before; I'm wondering, what is the minimum that you need to maintain to run the 


business? And of the quarterly free cash flow that you generate, how much is domestic, so we can think about what is 
the coverage of dividends and then whatever is left in terms of the buybacks that you've announced? 

<A - Colette Kress>: Yes, you're correct in terms of the amount of cash that we have in the overall U.S. basis, which is 
generally about what we need for our overall dividend. So with our intent going forward to return a bit more to 
shareholders, $1 billion in fiscal year 2015, that we'll emphasize that we'll come back with the options in terms of how 
we'll do that going forward. But at this time, we're not here to really kind of break-down the cash flow between U.S. 
base and international base or those pieces. But we'll come back to you in about a quarter and give you a little bit more 
detail on those plans. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: But of the quarterly cash flow that you generate, Colette, just looking at the last four quarters, how 
much was onshore just as a percentage? Is it 25%, 30%, any number would be helpful? Thank you. 

<A - Colette Kress>: Yeah, not something we talk about. I think it's something that's not necessarily overly consistent 
in terms of every single quarter, so just looking at the last quarter is not necessarily a clear indicator given where our 
capital expenditures are and/or where some of the new revenue pieces come in. So we'll just come back to you in a 
quarter with a little bit more detail. Okay? 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay, thank you. 

Robert Csongor 

Hey, everyone, I think we're out of time. I'd like to thank everyone for participating on the call today. We look forward 
to talking to you next time on our Q4 earnings call. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask 
that you please disconnect your lines. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


