Q3 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Michael McConnell 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• Tim Luke 
• Patrick Wang 
• Shawn Webster 
• Jim Schneider 
• Arnab Chanda 
• Harlan Sur 
• Glen Yeung 
• Craig Berger 
• Daniel Morris 
• Ross Seymore 
• Rajvindra Gill 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, Vice President of 
Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thanks, Will. Good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2011. With me 
on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer and David White, Chief 
Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call up to a question-and-answer session. Please limit 
yourself to one initial question with one follow-up question. 

Before we begin I would like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations 
website and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until November 18, 
2010, and the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call where we will discuss our financial results 
for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. 

The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed without our prior 
written consent. During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results 


may differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer 
to the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended August 1, 2010, and the reports 
we may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All our statements are made as of today, November 11, 2010, based on information available to us as of today and 
except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all 
references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon 
Peddie Research. 

With that, let's begin. We have restored our speed of execution. Since March, we've built seven new GPUs, all of which 
went to production with first silicon. The Fermi architecture is now in every segment of our desktop, notebook, and 
workstation product lines. We are seeing solid gains in our core GeForce and Quadro businesses and we are recapturing 
our share. 

In the GeForce business, we have extended our DX11 technology leadership and the results show. Our desktop 
standalone GPU share grew from 55% in Q2 to 59% in Q3. For budget conscious gamers, we introduced the GeForce 
GTS 450, which is designed to deliver the most advanced GPU and gaming experience to the important $99 add-in card 
segment. According to the latest data from Steam, a broad survey of hardware used by PC gamers today, 56% of 
gamers play at resolutions between 1600 by 1050 and 1280 by 1024, resolutions at which the GTs 450 excels. 

The GTS 450 follows one of our most successful GPUs, the GTS 250. In October we launched the GeForce GT 430. It 
is designed to deliver unparalleled experiences in photo and video editing, Blu-ray 3D, and the next generation of 
GPU-accelerated web browsers and web content. The GT 430 is targeted at the $79 add-in card segment and is the 
perfect first upgrade from integrated graphics. 

And this week we launched the GeForce GTX 580, the world's fastest DX11 GPU. The GTX 580 is based on the 
second generation of Fermi architecture, engineered from the transistor level up in just seven short months, and raises 
the bar as the fastest and now quietest GPU in its class. The combination of an innovative vapor chamber thermal 
solution and new architectural enhancements increased power efficiency and performance over previous generations. 
The GTX 580 delivers up to 35% more performance per watt, and raw performance that is up to 30% greater than the 
GTX 480 it replaces. For DX11 games, the GTX 580 is up to 160% faster than the closest competitive product. For 
previous DX9 and 10 games, the GTX 580 is faster by up to 62%. 

In notebooks, we launched during the quarter a complete family of GeForce 400M GPUs with Optimus technology. 
Lenovo and Dell have already shipped and more OEMs will follow. With our new Fermi notebook GPUs, we have 
significantly increased our design win share. Starting in Q4 with the Sandy Bridge ramp, we expect to take our 
notebook share to all-time highs. 

In our Quadro Professional business, the uptake of the Fermi architecture continues to be strong. In October we 
launched the Quadro 2000 mid-range GPU and the Quadro 600 entry level GPU. These new professional graphic 
solutions put the computational and visualization benefits of the breakthrough Fermi architecture within the reach of all 
engineers, designers and animators. The Quadro 2000 delivers 1.5 times the geometry performance of its predecessor 
for dramatically higher performance across leading CAD and DCC applications such as SolidWorks and Autodesk 3DS 
Max. 

The Quadro 600 is an economical half-height solution that features the industry's best performance per watt for 
applications such as Autodesk AutoCAD 2011. As OEMs and software ISPs complete their qualifications on these 
latest Quadros, we believe we are tracking to historical peak revenue, even in less robust economic conditions. 

The adoption of our Tesla supercomputer GPU continues to grow. Last month the new Tianhe-1A supercomputer was 
revealed at HPC 2010 in China. It's capable of over 2.5 petaflops, making it the fastest computer in the world. The 
system is located at the National Supercomputing Center in the city of Tianjin. Tianhe-1A is powered by 7,000 Tesla 
M2050 GPUs. Had the system been built with CPUs alone, it would have required more than 50,000 CPUs, twice as 
much floor space, and three times the electrical power to deliver the same performance. The difference in power 
consumption is enough to provide electricity for over 5,000 homes. 


We are thrilled to see supercomputing entering its third era. Created in the 1960s to enable military research, 
supercomputers were embraced by scientists to simulate models of the world. The creation of our Tesla parallel 
processing GPU has come at a time when companies in a wide range of industries are in desperate need of faster 
supercomputers to accelerate product development. 

Thom Dunning, who directs the NCSA and the Institute for Advanced Computing Applications and Technology at the 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign put it succinctly when he stated, "What we are really seeing in the efforts 
in China as well as the ones we have in the U.S. is that GPUs are what the future will look like. What we are seeing is 
the beginning of something that is going to be happening all over the world." Supercomputing is no longer a niche, it's 
a huge growth business. 

Another highlight of the quarter was our second GPU Technology Conference held in mid-September. It was a huge 
success that underscores the momentum building around parallel computing. Leaders from national laboratories 
worldwide, as well as Fortune 500 companies, startups, and leading universities presented more than 280 sessions to 
more than 2,000 attendees from over 40 countries. Compared with last year, we had five times the number of talk 
submissions and twice the number of sessions. The Exascale Report stated, "Absolutely one of the best and most 
important conferences in the technology and advanced computing sector." 

Heading into Q3, our focus was to restore our speed and excellence in execution and to drive our immediate growth 
opportunities to ramp Fermi-based GeForce and Quadro GPUs and retain GPU leadership and share. With our base 
GPU business now back in growth mode, we can further accelerate our growth with Tesla and Tegra in the coming 
quarters and position NVIDIA at the center of the exciting revolution happening in cloud and mobile computing. 

With that, let me hand the call over David. 

David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Revenue for the third quarter was $844 million, up 4% sequentially. Gross margin was 46.5%, at the 
low end of our range, primarily as a result of product mix being slightly less favorable than we had expected at the 
beginning of the quarter. 

OpEx was down to $288 million, principally as a result of our significant improvement in execution of our new product 
introductions. Most importantly, we've taken the last seven GPUs from A01 silicon directly into production. Avoiding 
the need for respin significantly helps to keep our OpEx flat while dramatically improving our time to market. 
Combined, these generated a GAAP net income of $84.9 million or $0.15 per diluted share. 

Our focus on inventory reduction continued, and tight management enabled us to work it down 13% during the quarter 
to 378 million. We achieved this while simultaneously reducing channel inventory slightly. 

Revenue per GPU grew slightly and was up nearly 6%. Total revenue for our professional business was down slightly 
as a result of the computing segment being down. Revenue for the computing segment varies from quarter to quarter 
because it can currently be influenced by a small number of large orders. As we successfully grow into more vertical 
segments, this revenue stream should smooth out. 

Our consumer business was up slightly, driven by a strong showing on our embedded business. Tegra revenue should 
begin to ramp in Q4 as our customers begin building their pre-launch inventory. 

Our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011 is as follows. Revenue is expected to be up 3% to 5% from the third 
quarter. GAAP gross margin is expected to be flat. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $300 
million. GAAP tax rate is expected to be 18% to 20%. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now take questions. 

Q&A 


Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mike McConnell with Pacific Crest 
Securities. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thank you. Looking at Q4, could you talk about the drivers and the segment drivers 
behind the guidance for revenue growth of 3 to 5%, please? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, first of all, I think we should all be – continue to be I guess conservative in how we 
look at the marketplace. As you know, it's still a little choppy out there. But there are several things that are working in 
our favor. 

The first is our Fermi GPUs going into the Sandy Bridge announcement. A lot of people have misunderstood the way 
the GPU market works and the contribution that a GPU has that it makes to premium experience notebooks. And so 
whereas Sandy Bridge is a far better CPU and a better GPU than previous generation, the discrete GPUs that are 
connected to it have made enormous strides as well. And so our expectation with Sandy Bridge is that our market share 
is going to go up substantially, the adoption is going to be as good as before, and in fact the adoption of discrete GPUs 
in notebooks has been growing over the last several quarters, and our expectation is that going forward that trend will 
continue. And because Sandy Bridge is going to be such a great processor and such a great notebook, our expectation is 
that the Sandy Bridge transition is going to be really exciting. So that's number one. 

Number two, we're going to start building into our phone and tablet design wins, and although they're a little bit behind, 
the work that Google and Andy Rubin's team is doing at Google is just really amazing. I mean, this is clearly a 
world-class engineering team, and they're building a magical product. And so I'm looking forward to the next 
generation of Android phones and tablets that are coming out, and I think it's going to really, really surprise people and 
delight consumers everywhere. And so although it's a little bit behind, I think it's going to be completely fabulous. 

Now, it's going to take something absolutely great to compete against the iPad and the iPhone as we all know, because 
both of those devices are quite amazing devices, and so it's going to take something that is truly remarkable to compete 
against it. And I think Andy and his team and all of our engineers here working with him and all of our partners around 
the world working on it are going to absolutely deliver. And so that's the second thing. 

And Tesla is going to continue to gain momentum. You know, the number of projects we're working on around the 
world is growing, and so we're going to continue to see success there. There's quite a bit of announcements coming 
next week at the supercomputing conference in New Orleans, so I won't leak any of that. But we're going to have a 
pretty exciting show next week. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: And looking at next year on Tegra, what quarter – or what's the timeframe we should 
think about where you'll start to see your Tegra revenue cross over and actually become larger than your chipset 
revenue? How should we think about that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Q1. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Q1. Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Hi, thanks. Just a question on the mix, Jen-Hsun. The thinking was that as Fermi becomes 
a larger portion of the mix, I'm just trying to understand the margin guidance. Shouldn't that be trending up, or is it 
because the PSP or the professional business is going to be down Q over Q? And then I had a follow-up as well. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There was some mixing going on this quarter in terms of high-end versus low-end, 
professional versus consumer, but we're coming out of a rather complicated Q2, as you recall. And so I'm delighted. I'm 


delighted with the way things worked out in Q3, and we're just going to have to improve it from here on out. And so I 
wouldn't read too much into that. The important thing to realize is that we're going to recapture a lot of the high-end 
business that we had ceded because we were late to market with Fermi. And we're going to capture that back, and we'll 
continue to capture that back. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. That's fair. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And as we ramp, more and more – more of our mix goes to Quadro and Tesla, both of which 
are very high margins, and that's going to continue to lift our margins. And of course the Tegra business has a much 
longer design-win cycle, and the amount of contribution of software to the Tegra business is just incredible. You're 
building an entire computer on a chip, and if the computers are as sophisticated as what it's going to take to compete 
against an iPad or an iPhone, the amount of software that you put into your product line is going to have to increase 
dramatically. So the margins will reflect that. And so as we continue to increase the mix of these three products, Tesla 
product, Tegra product, and one goes into the cloud and one goes into mobile devices and the Quadro product, our 
margins will continue to increase. And so my sense is that that's the direction that we're headed, and there's nothing that 
tells me otherwise at this point. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. So my follow-up, just to stick with margins, there's a lot of concern about pricing, 
and now that you have caught up and potentially incrementally better than the existing competitive solution, is there a 
price that you're looking at that will drive down core GPU margins down? And then Tesla being – just the nature of the 
beast being very lumpy, how should we think about that? According to my math and I could be way off, Tesla was 
down roughly 30% Q-over-Q. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the Tesla product is lumpy because frankly until now we have been really the only 
sales force out there. And NVIDIA doesn't have a very large enterprise sales force. But now that starting this last 
quarter towards the end of the quarter, Dell and HP and IBM all have their systems that they have designed with the 
Tesla GPU in it, we are now engaging, or if you will, their sales force is engaging into the GPU computing ecosystem. 
So with thousands and thousands of sales and marketing people from the three largest enterprise computing companies 
in the world selling Tesla now, I think we're in a much better position to gain much smoother traction. 

And so the way I think about Tesla up to this point is that we've been doing mostly evangelism, mostly lighthouse 
design win targeting, and with the momentum that we're seeing even with that, we're now able to deploy the resources 
of the OEMs to go after it. 

So I hope that – and I believe that with a larger sales force supporting and engaging customers like all of the big 
pharmas around the world, all of the supercomputing centers around the world, that all want to advance research, oil 
and gas companies around the world and finance companies all around the world, now having a much broader 
coverage, I think you're going to see a smoother ramp and hopefully a much more aggressive ramp. So that's one. 

I think with respect to – with respect to our core or consumer GPU business, you mentioned catch-up. Frankly we 
caught up with Fermi. We were late with Fermi, but we caught up with Fermi. We simply pulled further ahead. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Incrementally better, so I'll give you that. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I wasn't trying to mince words, but you know how proudful we are about the work that we 
do. And so I think with GTX 580, whereas we typically launch a new generation each year, because we fell behind with 
GTX 480, the teams really hustled and brought the next one out very shortly after based on our second generation 
Fermi architecture. And as a result, we improved our performance per watt by almost 40%. I mean, that's a huge leap 
using the same exact process. And so as a result, 580 is faster, it's lower power, it's quieter. I mean, it's just a wonderful 
product. 

And so I think in that segment, winning wins. You know, so this is not – this is not a market particularly from $99 
above. This is not – those aren't markets where lower prices wins the day. If somebody is willing to spend $199 for a 
gaming card, they're going to spend $199 to buy the best gaming card, and where GeForce has a real advantage is 
across the board on traditional games, but GTX out of our GTX family has such an amazing DX11 performance 


compared to the competition, and tessellation is the essence of DX11 and the modern generation of games. So I think 
we have at this point unambiguously the best architecture. And we also now unambiguously have the best 
implementation. So we just have to market our advantage, and I think the gamers will respond. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. Thanks. Good luck, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks so much. Jen-Hsun, a view of the market and you look at the new product traction that you 
have and as Tegra gets to begin to ramp, from here, are you anticipating that you would see sequential improvements 
over the next few quarters given that it seems like the computing and graphics market was somewhat soft and maybe 
now stabilizing to improving? That's my question. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, I appreciate that. You know, if you look at what we've been trying to do over the last 
several years, we've been trying to extend our leadership in GPUs. And continue to build that base on a GPU business, 
the core GPU business, which is PCs and workstations. But in the process, build two new initiatives that we believed 
was going to be really important growth initiatives. 

One of them was GPU for high performance computing or another way to say it is GPU in the cloud. Putting GPU in 
servers available to – as a computational resource for mobile devices or computers was a really important initiative for 
us, and that turned into what we call Tesla. The second initiative was mobile computing, which what we call Tegra. 

These two products and these two directions of computing we believed was going to be the future of computing. And 
along the way, a recession came along, and we didn't execute well on Fermi, and we tripped ourselves up a little bit. 
But we gained our footing again. Q2 was we got it out of our system, and since then, we have executed on seven 
Fermis, seven Fermi generation GPUs, all of them went to production with first silicon, every single one of them went 
from tape-out to production, release at record times compared to before. The velocity of the company has really, really 
amped up, and so I think our core business of the GeForce and the Quadro business are really, really in great footing 
now, and just as we have gained that footing, Tesla and Tegra are both ramping into production and helping us get into 
these two really important growth markets. 

And so I could see – I could see the traction now, and we know what we're working on with respect to customer 
projects, and we have a good feeling for when they go to production, so at this point, we really feel like we're back to 
growing, and more importantly than just back to growing, we're growing into the right markets, which is the future of 
computing. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: So as a follow-on, obviously you only have a certain amount of visibility, but given the seasonality 
has been a bit off some of the markets recently and inventory seems to be being cleared, would it be the case that that 
you wouldn't necessarily see the usual sequential decline in April given that you've got the new products coming on? 
And maybe just as a clarification, in the consumer area, could you just share with us what Tegra might be as a run rate 
for the January quarter? I know you have shared some numbers in the past and any clarification there would be helpful. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the January quarter – the January quarter is – let me say what I just said earlier. We 
know – we know at this point that the projects that we're working on particularly in the tablets have taken longer than 
we expected, and it's taken longer than we expected by a few months. But the important thing is that you can't just build 
a tablet. You can't just put an operating system on a tablet and hope that – on a piece of glass and hope that you're 
going to compete against an iPad. The iPad is a wonderful product, and if you're going to give that wonderful product a 
run for its money, you'd better build something absolutely exquisite. And so whether it's – whether it's the quality of the 
work of the craftsmanship that our teams are working on or the capabilities of these devices, they have to be absolutely 
groundbreaking or why would anybody come to buy them? 


So I think that the extra time that was necessary to build these devices and build the operating system and all the 
applications and the system software necessary to do it and obviously we're not going to talk about what they are right 
now, but they're going to be absolutely magical. And so I think that that's the important thing to realize. And I think the 

– although we're a little bit late, the market potential is so huge, and this is the future of computing. This is the second 
device into the future of computing, and so I think we're pretty well positioned. And that's why I see pretty good ramp 
through Q1 through the next year. 
<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Tim. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang with Wedbush Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Yeah, thanks. Jen-Hsun, earlier you had said that you expect the crossover between Tegra and 
chipsets to be potentially the first quarter. I'm just curious if you could maybe talk about what is going on, what you're 
seeing in the chipset market, and I guess there was an expectation that that was going to come down in the first half of 
next year, but it seems like Apple has revived that a bit. If you can just talk about that a bit? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It will come down, but it won't come down nearly at the levels that most people thought. And 
it is the case that the new Mac Airs are pretty amazing, and we're really proud to have been selected to be inside them. 
And if you haven't had a chance to try them, they're really magical computers. And so I... 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: I've got one. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: yeah, so that's great. Thank you. I appreciate that. Thank you. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: I try to help out. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: If you could spread the word. Tell your friends. We're going to postpone the delay – the 
transition. So I think we built – we built with Apple a really important new GPU with integrated chipset, and it's a great 

– it's a great chip, and I'm delighted to see them used in so many different systems. 
But our tablet business and our phone business is going to ramp and it's going to ramp hard. And there are customers 
lined up all around the world with a lot of different phones and system, and the amount of activity in our Tegra 
business is simply too great right now. So we've just got to hunker down and get these products to market, make sure 
that we build something really amazing, and all the engineers that are working on it are working 24/7, so we just have 
to build some of the best things we've ever built. And so I think Q1 is going – Q1 is when all – come beginning of year 
is when all of you will see what we have been so busy working on. And I think you'll be more than surprised and 
delighted. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Got you. And you know, I'll throw my vote of confidence behind that 11 inch MacBook I really 
think is terrific. For my follow-up, I was hoping you could talk about – you guys could talk about gross margins a bit 
here. Maybe some of the moving pieces here between Q3 and Q4. And then just based on kind of mix you're talking 
about for next year, with a lot of Tegra. I know it's a pretty good margin product there, if we should think about 
margins being in excess of 45, 46% just across the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think it's a foregone conclusion at this point, certainly inside the company, that as we 
continue to increase the investments into Tesla, Quadro, and Tegra, all of which are nowhere near our current corporate 
average, that as we continue to drive the growth of those three businesses, the margins will go well above 46. And so 
wherever it is currently today, it's completely illogical for us to be near it next year. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Got it, thanks so much. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Thank you. Can you hear me okay? 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: On the GPU business in terms of the detail underlying, can you give us a sense of what your 
GPU units and pricing did sequentially for Q3? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Shawn, from a unit standpoint, units 
were up sequentially quarter over quarter particularly as we launched new products, Fermi products into the 
mainstream segment. They were up pretty strongly. Desktop overall was up about six points. From an ASP standpoint, 
that mix change also brought our ASPs down a little bit as a result of having a richer mix in the mainstream segment of 
the market. So as a result, as a result, margins were a little bit less than what we anticipated at the beginning of the 
quarter, but the good side of it was that the desktop was stronger than what we anticipated. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Right. And how big was the chipset business? Did that grow sequentially in revenues for you? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It did grow sequentially. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And then when you look – you mentioned that your notebook share gains going into the 
Sandy Bridge generation could reach or exceed your prior peaks. Your market share this year has been somewhere in 
the 45 to 50% range on notebook GPUs, and if I remember correctly, you had been in the low 70s percent share. Is that 
the magnitude of share gains you expect next year in notebook? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would say that our prior peak was probably in the low 60s, and this year our market share 
was actually lower than what you gave me credit for just now. So I appreciate the graciousness, but... 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Thank you for the correction. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, I didn't do that well this year. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. So as you look across the landscape, there's a lot of design win activity in the tablet 
space. Do you have a sense on what your percent share in the tablet area is as we go into the next year in terms of the 
design win share? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would say just a lot. And there's a lot of tablets that are going to get built that aren't really 
going to ship. And everybody is building tablets because it's just so important. This is such an important part of the 
future computing market. This isn't a fad. 

It is clear now that touch computing and tablets is a wonderful way for a lot of consumers to enjoy content, and by 
being able to connect a wireless keyboard and a mouse, the difference between a tablet and a notebook is pretty 
marginal, and so I think that going forward, you're going to see this tablet device being quite disruptive to both 
notebook as well as entry desktop. And so I think this is an important trend, and that's why a lot of companies – well, 
every single company I know is working on a tablet. There's car companies working on tablets. Consumer electronics 
companies are working on tablets. Computer companies are working on tablets, and communications companies are 
working on tablets. 

I don't remember the last time in the history of computing where a singular device was being worked on by all of the 
industries. The medical industry is working on tablets. This is a revolutionary form factor, and I think it's a foregone 
conclusion this is going to be probably the largest computing segment. 

Now, the – how much of that share depends on ultimately how delightful all of these tablets that are being built are, and 
I'm just so glad – I'm so glad that we decided not to go to market with tablets earlier but to wait and work and put all of 
our energy behind the next generation – next generation operating system and the team over at Google working on it, 


Andy Rubin and his team, are working 24/7, and they're doing amazing work. And I'm just really, really delighted that 
we decided to focus and not spare it on current generation operating systems. And so I think when you see it in the near 
future, it will more than delight you. I think you'll be shocked how wonderful it is. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Going back to the Tegra questions before, I 
understand the reasons for some of the delays and product push-outs and the fact that you expect a pretty strong ramp, 
and you've also talked about some expectations in terms of Tegra revenue over the course of the year. Can you maybe 
give us an update on where you think this might be on a run rate basis at this time next year given the delays in the 
products? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, I genuinely don't know. This is Jim? Jim, I genuinely don't know. There's only a 
couple of things that I do know. I believe that mobile computing is the future of computing. I believe that the tablet 
form factor and touch is not a fad. And I believe that this particular device, this particular form factor, is likely to be 
very, very disruptive to the traditional form factors of computing. And if you gave somebody a choice between a 
netbook and a tablet and a wonderful tablet, why would anybody choose a netbook? So I think the logic I think at this 
point is pretty clear. And people see – people see the trends. 

And how big is it going to be to us depends on how well we execute. This is a segment that I hope that we can add a lot 
of value to, and computing matters here, and very, very, very low power computing is what Tegra was designed to do. 
You know, this is something that we have been working on frankly for five years, and of the three – three of the largest 
computing technology companies in the world that contributes to the PC industry today, we're the only one that had 
made the fundamental investments to be here. And now we're really well positioned to make a contribution to the 
mobile space with computing technologies like ours. 

So I think this is a big opportunity for us, and I think it's a big market, and the rest of us is just going to require a lot of 
focus and execution on our part. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: I understand. Thanks. And just as a follow-up on that, can you talk about whether you – it 
sounds like you're expecting tablets to be a bigger contributor from Tegra than smartphones. Is that correct? 

And one for David. OpEx has kind of moved around a little bit. It declined here and you talked about some reasons 
why. Can you talk about some of the reasons for the increase going into Q4 and how we should think about the profile 
of OpEx next year? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our smartphone business is actually larger than our tablet business, and these smartphones, 
are they a small tablet, or are they a large phone? You know, so from my perspective, it's kind of hard to say. Is it a 
5-inch tablet, a 7-inch tablet, a 10-inch tablet? To me they're all tablets. So a phone to me conveys a dialing keyboard 
and it just doesn't convey the right image to me. So I talk about them interchangeably but our smartphone business is 
likely to be larger. But in combination, our Tegra business should be quite large. It will be one of our largest businesses 
over time. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Jim, on the OpEx side, we talked in the 
last few quarters about bringing expenses down, and we guided roughly in the $300 million range the last couple of 
quarters. We had some good fortune this last quarter and the fact that while we had planned for heavier NRE 
[Non-Recurring Engineering] activity associated with some of the launches of the products we did in the third quarter, 
we were fortunate that first silicon was successful. So we had some benefits there. 

Now, going into the fourth quarter, we're – the NRE activity can be lumpy depending upon the announcement of 
products and so forth, but we're expecting some of the NRE to go up in the fourth quarter. We also have payroll taxes 


coming up in the next quarter, because our fiscal year goes into the next calendar year where FICA taxes start over. We 
also have focal increases that we're planning and have executed on. So we're striving to keep our expenses roughly in 
that range for now, and some of the lumpiness is just some of the NRE activities and so forth that we have benefited 
from. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: That's helpful. Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda with Roth Capital. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thank you. A couple of things. One is there's a lot of magic going on here, but what exactly are 
we waiting for? Is it an operating system update? Is it chip availability to really see a ramp in Tegra? 

And then I have one question about your R&D. Obviously for good reason your revenues are not changed in the second 
half '06, but R&D is almost doubled. You're seeing now real fruition in those products you developed. Can we assume 
from here on you're going to get R&D growth slowly versus sales, or when can we see that happening? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, to call – to call the next generation devices an operating system update would 
really be an understatement, I think. And it would – it would do injustice to the amount of engineering that has gone 
into building the next generation of tablets. 

I mean, Arnab, as I mentioned earlier, the iPad is not your normal device waiting around for somebody to beat it. I 
mean, this is an extraordinary device. And if you want to build something that is desirable and even more desirable to 
some other customers, you've got to build something great. You're not just going to put a phone operating system on a 
larger display and ship it. You're just not. And so the amount of engineering that has gone into building the next 
generation device is not an operating system upgrade by any – you won't recognize it. Let me just put it that way. And 
what the team is shooting for is nothing short of a great experience. 

And so I have every confidence in the team. Andy and his guys are doing amazing work, and we're putting all of our 
best on it. And of course many partners around the world are putting their best on it. We're going to make sure we build 
something absolutely magical and so that's job one. 

With respect to R&D, you're right that although the PC industry hasn't grown substantially in the high end over the last 
several years, we continue to invest so that we could build two major initiatives. One was Tesla so that we could put 
GPUs into servers in the cloud, and one was Tegra so we could put our GPU and technology into mobile devices. 

I think it is clear surely I think to us and I hope to you that if we hadn't made the investment to put NVIDIA in the 
middle of cloud computing and mobile computing and that today we are basically selling PC chips, it would be one of 
the greatest irresponsible acts of investment that I can imagine. Here's an incredibly talented organization that knows 
how to build these things, and for us to be at the epicenter of the next computer revolution is an opportunity too great 
not to have gone after it. And so we decided to invest heavily to be here, and I think that over the next year and we're 
starting to see it now, the investment was surely worth it and we have made the right investments to be at the growth – 
the next growth part of the world and the next growth part of the industry going forward. 

So I'm excited about the investment that we have made frankly, and I think we've made really important contributions 
to the computer industry that you'll see in the very short near future. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Arnab. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Thank you for taking my question. You talked about channel inventories being lower. This is the 
second consecutive quarter, so nice job on that front. Can you guys help quantify where those levels are relative to 
historical of about I think it's seven to eight weeks? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So there is not a great deal of science 
that we can go through an entire channel of inventory and so forth, but our targets have been to keep channel inventory 
somewhere in the 4 to 6 weeks range, and today it's well within that range, and we anticipate keeping it in that area. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay, great. Thanks. And you guys are on the cusp of ramping Tegra here into smartphones and 
into tablet customers this quarter. Jen-Hsun, can you just remind us what's next on the roadmap for next gen Tegra? 
When is the team going to introduce this to the market? I know competitively we have seen three core architectures 
being rolled out by your competitors. Just curious what's next for NVIDIA. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, if you look at the competition, about a year – Tegra 2 was ready for production in Q1 
of this year, and obviously we had to – in order to build a great device, you need a lot of software to go with it 
including operating systems and applications. And that's taken us pretty much the entire year to go do. Meanwhile, we 
have – as the competition is finally catching up to where we were last year, beginning of the year, we're about to enter 
into our next generation. 

So I think today is probably too early to talk about – I'm anxious to sell you some Tegra 2s, so I'm anxious to get 
everybody excited about Tegra 2s, and I think they will be very excited about it. And then shortly after that, we'll 
introduce Tegra 3. But having a rhythmic roadmap once a year is what the company is focused on and we'll surely 
deliver that. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thank you. Jen-Hsun, just going back to the discrete business, can you just clarify, AMD at their 
analyst day sort of implied that attach rates in 2011 would not really change from 2010. What's your perspective on that 
sort of on an overall basis for the discrete market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I don't think attach will change. There's no – there is no indication at all that the attach 
rate is changing. You know, integrated graphics has improved over the course of the last ten years, last 15 years. It's 
been 15 years, I think. I think 11 years. Okay. 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: 1999. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Is that right? Okay. So it's been 11, almost 12 years that integrated graphics has been around. 
And every single year it's gotten many times better than the previous year. You almost don't have to try for it to be 
better every year. And so I don't expect – and so this year it's better than last year. And Sandy Bridge is a great 
processor. I'm excited about it. It's the best processor that Intel has made in several years. And it's by far the best 
processor on the planet. And so I expect that the refresh cycle associated with Sandy Bridge to be quite exciting both on 
the desktop side and on the notebook side. I surely am. I'm going to be one of the first in line to go get myself a Sandy 
Bridge. And so I'm excited about that processor refresh. But it doesn't change the dynamic. Nothing that we have seen 
so far has made integrated graphics anything close to what a discrete graphics can do. 


<Q - Glen Yeung>: Do you think it might change the dynamic between high-end and low-end attach, i.e. maybe skew 
the attach rate more towards higher end GPUs as part of the mix? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, if what you mean we that is that the discrete GPU has to be even better in order to be 
better than integrated graphics, then the answer is yes. And we know that – we know now that we have done – we have 
done really quite a fine job choosing the performance levels of our next generation GPUs so that it's still substantially 
better than a Sandy Bridge, and so my sense is that no dynamic has changed. So I would – that's one area I would agree 
with AMD. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: The one and only. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That was just a joke. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: One other question for you is particularly you guys are in a pretty unique position in as much as 
you're very well positioned in tablets. What's your thought on the potential cannibalization of tablets into the PC market 
and then sort of as an adjunct to that, what's your expectation for PC growth in 2011? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I think the segment of the market that we serve is stable and hasn't really grown much 
over the years with respect to consumer PCs. I mean, we're going to have to discover another great reason for people to 
grow the high-end PC marketplace. But our discrete GPU GeForce market has been relatively stable for some time. 
And the growth has all come from low-end notebooks and netbooks and devices like that. And I think that that market 
is absolutely going to get cannibalized by the netbook – by the tablet. And the reason for that is because the tablet is 
just much more delightful to use on the one hand, and if you – if computing is a secondary device anyways, or it's for 
casual computing, why not use a tablet? You know, the applications are all served up wonderfully, and the experience 
is wonderful, and the responses are beautiful, and it's an exquisite device. And if you want to use it as an entry device, 
you can always attach a keyboard to it, a wireless keyboard to it or a wireless mouse. So those things are really easy to 
solve. And before you know it, how people look at a tablet, maybe it's a tablet or a transformable netbook. It's kind of 
hard to say. So I think it's completely disruptive. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: So your outlook for PC in 2011? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I don't know where 2011 is going to be, but I'm pretty sure that 2015, the PC industry 
is going to look very different. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Management. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just on the chipset, can you give us an idea of 
how big that business is still? Is it kind of in the 15% of revenues range, and how does that tail off over the year? And 
just as a clarification, are you guys still working on any new product in that sector? Are you sticking with your plan to 
completely retrench? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let me take the second question first, because I think I know the answer to that one really 
well. The answer is no. We're not building any more chipsets. And we're building SOCs now. And we're building Tegra 
SOCs. And so we're going to take integration to a new level, and that's our focus. 

And the second thing is with respect to chipset business, it's not – it's not grown largely this year, because we haven't 
really been expanding the sales of it, and with respect to the tail-off, most people expected the tail-off I guess come Q1 
next year, but I think the tail-off is going to take a little longer than that for a couple of reasons. On the AMD side, our 
AMD chipset remains quite well positioned, and my sense is that our chipset there will continue to ship throughout next 
year. 


And the second thing is the MCP 89, the latest and the last generation of Intel chipsets that we built, was just a really 
wonderful piece of engineering and the work that we did with Apple is really great, and they're going to continue to use 
that for some time. And so I think that the tail-off is just going to take a little longer than people expected, but I don't 
know exactly how long. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Is it still about 15% of revenues? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No. We don't break it out. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thanks for the detail. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Dan Morris with Oppenheimer and Company. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Hi, guys. Calling in for Schafer today. Just going back to your notebook share comments, could 
you talk a little bit more about what's driving that? I mean, is it simply the refresh of the Fermi-based product stack, or 
is it also getting some separation from the fundamental issues? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the answer is actually quite simple. Our Sandy Bridge GPU is just the best in the 
world, and it has Fermi in there, and this is our second generation Fermi, and so you saw one evidence of it with GTX 

580. The engineering team just did a wonderful job. And their execution is just fabulous. So that's one. 
And the second thing is Optimus technology is just too important. You've probably heard about Optimus, but it's this 
automatic hybrid GPU computing solution, and it's automatic. It's seamless. It's just delightful. And no switching 
buttons, no rebooting; the computer never stalls. It's just – our GPU turns on automatically whenever you need it, and 
whenever you don't need it, it goes to sleep completely, consumes no power. And so I just think that Optimus is one of 
the best things we've ever done, and it's such a great technology it disappeared. And I think everybody – everybody 
now – every notebook company in the world wants to build computers for the premium experience. There's the baseline 
computers where integrated graphics is fine, but you also want to offer premium experience notebooks, and this is 
where they put our GeForce in it. But they still would like to have excellent battery life. And so with a discrete GPU, 
our next-generation Fermi-based GPU and also with Optimus, they get the benefit of great experience and very, very 
long battery life. So it's a non-compromised solution. And so those are really the two reasons that we have captured so 
much more share. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Okay. Great. And historically you've been obviously well positioned in the high end and the 
performance segments, really dominating in that space. You highlighted in Mike's prepared remarks, the 450 and the 

430. Is it fair to say that you guys are paying more attention and investing more now in the value in mainstream market, 
maybe to provide what I guess I'd call a macro buffer for these times when OEMs and consumers de-spec? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We've always offered entry-level GPUs. The very first entry-level GPU that we offered was 
called Vanta. And it had a whopping 7 million transistors. And it took all of our might to build. And so, anyways, we 
build entry-level GPUs for every architecture, every season, and we haven't lost focus of our high end. 

You know, Fermi, you could argue that we were too ambitious to focus on the high end. We wanted to bring a level of 
geometry performance to the world that it had never seen. And we took enormous architectural risk to change our 
architecture completely so that the geometry processing capability of our GPU reached a level that really the world had 
never seen. And the world has not since seen. And I don't expect that you'll see it from our competition all next year. 
And so Fermi is clearly a revolutionary architecture and it kind of broke our pick, if you will. 


But we gathered ourselves again and the engineering team since then has gone into light speed, and we executed on 
seven new GPUs, all working the first time, and the velocity of the company is as fast as ever. And so I'm really proud 
of the team for having the willingness to take a chance and innovate like that. And after the stumble, they picked 
themselves up, and back to rare form again. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Okay. Great. And just maybe to follow-up on that, with this more – I don't know if I'd call it 
more balanced architectural approach, is there any implications for margins? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, Fermi – the geometry processing part of Fermi is hard to do. But oftentimes what's 
hard to do doesn't always have to be big to do. Things that are breakthroughs don't have to be physically large, they're 
just complicated. And so Fermi generates great margins for us. And if it not for Fermi, we wouldn't have the benefit of 
Tesla, and we wouldn't have the benefit of the leadership that we now enjoy in Quadro. And so you have to attribute 
the margins that Tesla and Quadro generates to the architectural advances of our GeForce GPU. And so you can't really 
separate the two of them. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, guys. Just to try to get a little color on that crossover between the chipset side and the Tegra 
side, I guess starting on the good news side with the Tegra side of things, can you remind us just in a rough range what 
sort of ASP we'd be looking at so we can all do our math on the unit side and figure out generally a revenue trajectory? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We've not talked about the ASPs of our Tegra processor, have we? We have? What is it? 
What did we tell them? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Generally in the range of $15 to $30. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, so the difference is on the lower end, it's for smartphones where the volumes are much 
higher per design win. And for higher ranges for tablets where each project tends not to generate the level of volumes 
that a smartphone generates. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: So based on those ASPs, the units that you would have to have to get above the dollars you're 
talking about, that math still all works out to get above the chipset side you're talking about? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Oh, yeah. Yeah, the thing – wow. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The thing you also have to realize is that 
the margins, you know -, there's a margin difference between the two as well, right? So neutrality from a net income 
standpoint comes at a lower level of revenue dollars with Tegra than it did with MCP. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Got you. And just a question on the non-Tesla part of your professional segment. You said 
Quadro was up in the quarter. How are you seeing that business in a general sense? There's been some choppiness from 
some of the big enterprise-level OEMs that I'm sure you're aware of. How's that business going for you? Any 
acceleration, slowdown, or is it company-specific market share gains kind of mask that all? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tegra is about to reach their all-time high – about to. They're not quite there yet. And so 
Quadro – I'm sorry, Quadro is about to reach their all-time high. And so my expectation is that the Quadro business is 
going to continue to grow. And the reason isn't so much just because we're serving the workstation market. I mean, 
we're creating new technologies that grows our market. 


And so for example at GTC, we demonstrated the world's first interactive ray tracer. And this allows people to do 
industrial design and styling and walkthroughs in a way that they couldn't conceive of in the past. And this is a cloud 
computing initiative. And so this puts Quadro in the cloud. 

And so our expectation is not only will we continue to benefit from workstations that continue to adopt Quadro, and 
now as people are going into a new refresh cycle, their workstations are now getting pretty old. Many of the 
workstations are now three, four years old, and it's time to upgrade them, and the performance difference between what 
Quadro brings and what's in the field is not 2x or 4x. I mean, it's 10x the performance. And so there's an upgrade cycle 
that's always going on. 

And then secondarily, we're going to create new markets and new opportunities for ourselves by putting Quadro into 
the cloud. And so that's what the iray initiative is about, and that's what we called RealityServer, which is a software 
stack that allows for distributed multicomputer multi-GPU rendering serving up to multiple users. And so that 
particular technology is in the process of being implemented and rolled out to the world. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So we're just trying to create a new market. 

Operator 

And our last question comes from the line of Raji Gill with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Thanks and congrats on turning the quarter. A follow-up question on the discrete GPU 
business. We talked a little bit before, but even if you were to assume Intel integrated graphics would cannibalize some 
of the low end discrete GPU market, would it really have a financial impact on your GPU business? Maybe just talk a 
little bit about that, just assuming that that were to happen. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I guess we could theorize about that, but it's not. You know, there's all kinds of stuff to 
theorize about. But it's just not happening. We know what design wins we have for Sandy Bridge. And Sandy Bridge is 
practically in production, and we're in production with all these notebooks. I guess we could fantasize about it, but it's 
just not happening. We can fantasize about a whole bunch of other stuff, but that one is just not happening. I don't need 
to fantasize about that because the reality is right in front of me. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: And just, David, on the share buyback, you'd put an authorization earlier in the year. Just 
wondering any thoughts on that. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: You know, we are always looking at our 
liquidity needs as a company, reevaluating that. But at present we don't really have any plans for a repurchase. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Okay. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call over to Jen-Hsun. Please go ahead. 

Jen-Hsun Huang 

Thanks, everyone. We look forward to talking about our Q4 results. 

Operator 


And, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and 
ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


