Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 
• <A – Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would think that with -- I'm hoping that we grow next year and I think we have a good 
shot at growing next year. But considering there are so many people who are backing out of orders and reducing 
inventory and slowing wafer starts and things like that, I would think that getting capacity would be of lesser concern 
than before. And 40 nanometers is a solid node but so is 55 nanometer and we will use as much of both as we can. And 
so we will continue to work with TSMC and they're a wonderful partner and we both obviously want to make sure that 
whatever opportunities are there in the marketplace for us that we're both thoughtful about going after it. So I think 
we're both on the same side of the table. 
• <A – Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tim, I have to admit, I didn't completely understand your English, the first part of it. I'm 
sorry about that. The second question I think I do know the answer to. We have completely transitioned out of that 
material set. All of our OEMs are perfectly comfortable with the new material set and we're seeing no impediments and 
issues anywhere as a result of that. If anything at all, our OEMs are pleased that we stand behind our products and that 
we're working with them to overcome the issue for both of us. 
• <A – Marvin Burkett>: What was the first question? 
• <Q – Tim Luke>: So you think that the 196 million is going to cover it for sure? 
• <A – Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we don't know until we are done but our – nothing that we have seen so far would 
suggest that we should change it at this time. What was the first question? 
• <Q – Tim Luke>: The first question was in terms of the major offering initiative, you go from 65 to 55 then down to 
40. You have in terms of new products, a new architecture I believe that's likely to come out in the middle of calendar 
'09. Do you have any updates there in terms of A, the timeline; and two, what some of the milestones may be for that 
offering? 
Other Participants 

• Glen Yeung 
• Jim Schneider 
• Mark Lipacis 
• Krishna Shankar 
• Brian Piccioni 
• Uche Orji 
• Shawn Webster 
• David Wu 
• Doug Freedman 
• Hans Mosesmann 
• Tim Luke 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 


Good afternoon. Thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, Vice President, 
Investor Relations. Thank you sir. You may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Thank you Tim. Good afternoon and welcome to nVIDIA's Conference Call for the Third Quarter ended October 26, 
2008. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. 

On the call today for nVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, nVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marv 
Burkett, nVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that you can find copies of our 
SEC filings, our earnings release and a replay of this webcast on the investor relations page of our website at 
www.nvidia.com. The webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for 
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. 

Also, shareholders can listen to a live webcast of today's call via the investor relations page of our website. During this 
call we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures about diluted net income per share, tax rate and gross margin 
when talking about our results. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial 
measures in our financial release which is posted on our website. 

Unless otherwise noted, all references to research market and market share numbers throughout the call come from 
Mercury Research or John Petty Research. The content of today's conference call is nVIDIA's property and cannot be 
reproduced or transcribed without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties including statements 
about our financial outlook and projections, importance of and uses for the GPU and CUDA; the impact, performance 
and availability of and demand for our products and technologies, our competitive position and our growth and 
strategies. 

Our actual results may differ materially from results discussed in any forward-looking statements. For a complete 
discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to Form 10-Q for the fiscal 
period ended July 27, 2008 and the reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All 
forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof based on information available to us today and as except 
required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast contains 
time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of November 6, 2008. 

Consistent with the requirements under Regulation FD, we will provide you public guidance directly in the conference 
call and will be unable to provide significantly more information in offline conversations or during the quarter. 

Therefore questions around our financial expectations should be asked during this call. At the end of our prepared 
remarks there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask questions, please limit yourself to 
one question. After our response, we will allow one follow-up question. With that I will hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Mike. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. We reported revenue of 898 million and GAAP diluted 
earnings per share of $0.11 in line with our expectations. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.20. 

During the quarter we accomplished several important objectives that position us to return to growth. We improved our 
financial performance by increasing our non-GAAP gross margins from 39.1% to 41.9% while managing our operating 
expenses tightly. We transitioned our performance segment GPUs to 55 nanometer and now have the fastest products at 
each price point, positioning us to recapture share. 


Together with Apple, nVIDIA launched a new GeForce 9400M motherboard GPU for its new lineup of Mac 
Notebooks. The GeForce 9400M is the industry's first processor to integrate three complex chips, the Northbridge, the 
IO and network processor, and a GeForce GPU into a single chip and it delivers up to five times performance 
improvement over Intel integrated graphics in one half the space. 

The MacBook and MacBook Air come standard with the 9400M. The MacBook Pro comes standard with a hybrid 
combination of two GeForce GPUs where the 9400M is used for maximum battery life and a GeForce 9600M GT for 
high-performance mode. 

We announced the nVIDIA Quadro CX, the industry's first accelerator for Adobe's Creative Suite 4 content creation 
software. nVIDIA specifically designed and optimized the Quadro CX to enhance the performance of the CS4 product 
line and give creative professionals the ultimate in performance and productivity. 

CUDA continues to gain momentum all over the world. There are now well over 750 research papers published on how 
GPU computing with CUDA can dramatically accelerate computing intensive algorithms such as n-body simulations 
for molecular dynamics and astrophysics, linear algebra, CT image reconstruction, image and video processing such as 
image recognition and search, string processing for gene sequencing and string search and so on. 

CUDA has received PC Magazine's Technical Excellence Award. There are now over 50 universities around the world 
teaching CUDA in their computer science curriculum. And we have now shipped over 100 million GPUs with CUDA. 
At this year's Siggraph NVIDIA set a new milestone in computer graphics by demonstrating the world's first real-time 
fully interactive ray tracer. Our interactive ray tracing solution adds a new capability to our Quadro visual computing 
solutions and will enable customers like the auto industry to preview car designs and demonstrate new cars to 
customers. 

Visual computing took center stage during the presidential election television coverage. Every dynamic graphic was 
rendered live on NVIDIA Quadro. The underlying applications from our close ISV partners, Vizrt, Brainstorm and 
Reality Check used NVIDIA technologies including CgFX for shader effects and NVIDIA Scene Graph to deliver what 
broadcast experts are calling one of the most successful election broadcasts in history. 

Perceptive Pixel's interactive touch displays were even the highlight of a skit on Saturday Night Live. CNN pushed the 
boundary even further with holographic projections of its newscasters from remote locations. Leveraging 
camera-tracking technology used in sports and film, they composited NVIDIA real-time rendered virtual sets with live 
video to enable effects never seen before. 

All of these effects and experiences were made possible by Quadro. Visual computing is revolutionizing many aspects 
of our lives from broadcasting to the PC to mobile devices and to the Internet. NVIDIA is at the center of this 
revolution. I will return later to highlight a number of our key initiatives later in the call. 

Let me now turn the call over to Marv to discuss our financial results. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Jen-Hsun. My comments today will cover the third fiscal quarter of fiscal year '09 that ended October 26 
including comments on both GAAP and non-GAAP results. A full reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP is 
included in our press release and on our website. 

As Jen-Hsun stated earlier revenue for the quarter was 898 million up $5 million or less than 1% from the second 
quarter. With all the turbulence in the financial markets in Q3, we might have expected our business to be even more 
impacted. That is not to say that our business wasn't impacted, it's merely to say that our markets showed some 
resiliency in the face of disruptions in the financial markets. Revenue in our GPU business, which includes desktop, 
notebook and memory was down 8% quarter to quarter or $42 million. Desktop was down 12% and notebook was 
down 4%. Within desktop, the softness was unit related as ASPs actually increased slightly from the second quarter. 


As we transitioned our performance segment GPUs to 55 nanometer, we re-established performance leadership which 
helped ASPs. Within notebook it was the reverse as units increased but there was a slight decrease in ASPs. 

ASPs for the Montevina refresh are lower in general but gross margin is still good. GPU gross margin improved in the 
quarter from the low levels in Q2. MCP showed strong growth of nearly 19% quarter-to-quarter or $31 million as we 
ramped volume production of MCP79, which is the GeForce 9300 and 9400 series. Total MCP79 revenue was more 
than $75 million in the quarter. 

Professional solutions including our workstation business grew by 11% or $20 million quarter to quarter. The consumer 
business was relatively flat quarter-to-quarter and had growth in the Sony royalties offset by a decline in the mobile 
business. For gross margin we improved our GAAP gross margin to 41% and our non-GAAP to 41.9%. The difference 
between GAAP and non-GAAP is stock based compensation of 3.6 million and 4.5 million for our royalty dispute. 

Operating expenses in the quarter were 311 million, which includes 8.3 million of restructuring cost. We're pleased 
with our progress in restraining our OpEx. Headcount at the end of the quarter was 5,293, which is down by 260 from 
the end of the second quarter. Depreciation was 49.3 million up 3 million from Q2 and capital expenditures were 109 
million. That includes the transmittal license. 

Within the interest and other income, there were three discrete items that caused an impairment charge totaling 8.8 
million. On the tax rate the renewal of the R&D tax credit resulted in a tax benefit for the quarter of $745,000 and a 
year-to-date tax rate of 7.7%. The result of all of this is that GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.11 for the quarter 
and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.20. On the balance sheet cash and equivalents and marketable 
securities were 1.3 billion, which is down by $352 million from the second quarter. 

We repurchased $300 million worth of stock during the quarter. The operating cash flow was a positive 43 million for 
the quarter. Accounts Receivable were 608 million, which is down 72 million from the second quarter and DSO was 62 
days also an improvement from the second quarter. Inventory grew by 92 million quarter-to-quarter and the DSI grew 
to 90 days. The growth in inventory was primarily in new GPU products and in MCP79 as we ramped volume. We 
believe the channel inventory decreased slightly from Q2. 

And 90 days of DSI is about as high as we would want and we will work to bring down the inventory levels in Q4. 
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities declined by 131 million during the quarter. On the outlook, given the 
economic uncertainty it is probably unrealistic to give any outlook at all and certainly a precise one. So I would caveat 
our outlook that there can be a wide range on the outcome. I also believe it is unrealistic to expect any sort of robust 
Christmas spending on the part of the consumer. 

Therefore we believe our revenue will be down for the fourth quarter and appoint an estimate with a wide range of 
approximately 5%. The revenue line is the most difficult to forecast. We believe gross margin will be relatively flat and 
operating expenses will also be relatively flat. This means that gross margin in the range of 41% and operating 
expenses of approximately 310 million. Other income should improve over Q3 and the tax rate for the fourth quarter 
should be approximately 13%. With that I will turn it back over Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

We are driving several initiatives to strengthen our competitive position while expanding into new segments and 
markets. First we captured lost share in the performance segment. We have superior performance and market changing 
differentiators like CUDA. With our efforts this quarter we're now properly cost positioned as well. 

Second, increase our exposure to the notebook market by using our new motherboard GPU to bring five times better 
graphics performance to Intel notebook platforms, the fastest-growing segment of the PC market. 

Third, with the announcement of Adobe's Creative Suite 4 and our Quadro CX accelerator for CS4, we have expanded 
our market footprint beyond gamers and industrial designers to include the creative generation. Gamers want 
performance and with the GeForce GTX 280 and 260 and the recently announced three-way SLI, GeForce delivers the 


best performance at each price point. And gamers buy new GPUs to play the latest games. The top games this fall are 
Crysis Warhead, Far Cry 2, Call of Duty, World at War, Fallout 3, and Dead Space. Gamers will experience up to 30% 
faster frame rates with GeForce GTX GPUs. Enthusiasts want the fastest machines. This fall that machine is built on 
Intel's new Core i7 Bloomfield CPU and our new three-way SLI technology. 

And for the first time, SLI is available on SLI licensed Intel X58 motherboards as well as nForce. Reviewers all over 
the world have concluded that a three-way SLI configuration with GeForce GTX 280 is unambiguously the fastest. Fast 
3D graphics is important but the market wants and needs more than just more of the same, more than just graphics. We 
believe the industry must deliver new and surprising capabilities that delight and awe the world again. To do so 
requires revolutionary technology. With NVIDIA's CUDA parallel computing architecture inside every new GeForce, 
we believe we can. 

There are amazing software algorithms for applications like computer vision, image recognition, physical world 
simulations that are possible but only if computers have 100 times faster. With CUDA, those capabilities are possible 
today. In this new GPU era, the GPU does more than just graphics. Whereas the competition has just graphics, GeForce 
with CUDA gives you Graphics Plus. Graphics Plus means that your GeForce has lightning fast graphics and because 
of CUDA, you get much more, you get physics processing on the GPU. Our PhysX physics engine enables games to do 
realistic simulations of physical properties in a world 20 times faster than the CPU alone like dust blowing in the wind, 
water running in a stream and natural looking cloth. 

The PhysX engine has been adopted by game studios all over the world. It's incorporated into the number one game 
engine in the world, Epic's Unreal Engine. PhysX is free to developers and is the only physics engine that is accelerated 
by the 100 million GeForces in the world. A pipeline of developers in games supporting PhysX will be announced in 
the near future. 

With Graphics Plus you get image and video processing. There is a ground swell of new applications enabled by 
CUDA from digital photography to the excruciating process of converting movies for your iPod. Users are performing 
more processing intensive tasks than ever. 

Elemental Technologies announced BadaBOOM transcoder. Pegasus, Nero, CoreCodec have announced plans or 
demonstrated CUDA acceleration in their video processing players. RSoft, CyberLink and Corel have announced 
applications that utilize the massively parallel array of CUDA processors in our GPUs to do sophisticated 
computational super resolution algorithms to magically enhance DVDs to 10 ADP HD resolution. The result is simply 
awesome and frankly surprising. 

And finally, this quarter we will announce a groundbreaking product that is starting to create buzz throughout the 
industry – Stereoscopic 3D glasses for GeForce. This is a product we have been working on for over three years. 

We're going to bring the 3-D experience that is sweeping the movie industry to PCs. We will reserve the exciting 
details for launch but we previewed this at NVISION and the enthusiast press was entranced. Bidtech wrote that 'I have 
to say, the effect is amazing. I seriously did not want to stop playing.' GotGame said that 'what they were seeing was 
pure, undiluted awesome'. 

Software developers are thrilled too. Mark Rein the CEO of Epic Games stated that the Age of Empire's Stereoscopic 
3D demo they showed in the NVISION keynote looked absolutely amazing. Stereoscopic 3D is a great example of how 
consumers continue to demand more of graphics hardware. 

With our Graphics Plus initiative, we are moving the industry forward and bringing new and exciting innovations to 
delight the world again in a way that just graphics simply can't. The fastest-growing segment in the PC market today is 
notebooks. Notebooks are now 55% of all PCs shipped, 140 million units this year and growing at 25%. 

Although visual computing is also important for notebook users, the tight space and power constraints have caused the 
adoptions of GPU in notebooks to lag desktop PCs. We are addressing this by creating evermore power efficient GPUs 
and by integrating all of the chipset functionalities into the GPU that conserve space. 


A couple of weeks ago, Apple was the first company to announce our new GeForce 9400M design for Intel processors 
and which integrated three chips into one for amazing space savings. It performs five times faster than current 
integrated graphics. Apple was the first company to announce and today Toshiba announced new notebooks based on 
the 9400M. Toshiba announced a gaming notebook that has three NVIDIA GPUs inside of them, the 9400M and two 
9800 GTEs in SLI. 

There is a pipeline of design wins and new design win momentum for the 9400M is extremely strong. With the 9400M 
and others on our roadmap, we now have exposure to the growing notebook market like we have never had before. 
Another brand-new market for us is the creative professionals and consumers. 

These are professionals who use Adobe's award-winning tools to create digital content such as movies, commercials, 
ads, games and websites or consumers making home movies – digital photo albums, or the millions of movies that are 
being shared on YouTube. 

As the resolution of images and movies increase, and as the image processing effects become evermore sophisticated, 
the editing experience is painful even with the fastest quad core CPUs. That's why Adobe and NVIDIA engineers 
worked so closely for the past several years to GPU accelerate all of the CS4 applications. 

The result is amazing. John Loiacano, Senior Vice President of Creative Solutions at Adobe said that a critical element 
of CS4 was to capture the enormous power of the GPU. The difference is astounding. Performance is important to 
creative professionals and with the NVIDIA GPU they are sure to be able to interact with images and videos in a much 
faster, smoother more engaging way. 

The creative generation is a significant expansion of our TAM. Adobe estimates the addressable market to be 6 million 
creative professionals and over 38 million creative nonprofessionals. To put these numbers in context, the total Quadro 
professional industrial design TAM today is only 4 million units. 

So another 44 million potential new users represents a very significant addition. We still have much work to do to be 
where we would like to be. But we made great strides this quarter. We transitioned to 55 nanometer and have a great 
lineup with Graphics Plus. 

With our single chip notebook GPU, we have a market changing offering for notebooks, the fastest-growing segment of 
the PC market. And with Adobe and Quadro CX, we have expanded our TAM by over 40 million people, 40 million 
new visual computing users. 

We're happy to take your questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] our first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please proceed. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. I guess my first question is around your gross margin outlook; Marv, maybe a question 
for you. We've been hearing a lot about 55-nanometer and a lot of discussion about what the yields look like. I wonder 
if you can address that issue and also talk about what your ASP assumptions are in the gross margin outlook? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well we're doing just fine with 55-nanometer. The yields are just fine. The assumption with 
regard to ASP is that I think it's exactly like we told you last quarter. We don't see major changes in ASPs in any 
particular segment going forward. The issue is what is the volume of each of those segments. And now I said with 
regard to the outlook – probably a lot of variability in those segments. I think that Jen-Hsun would tell you that we are 
focused on regaining some market share in what I would call the performance and high-end portion of the desktop GPU 
market that would enhance ASPs. So I guess that I feel comfortable with our outlook on ASPs. 


<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. Maybe as a follow-up also for you Marv, as you look out over the next four quarters or so, 
pick a timeframe, what is the potential for NVIDIA to do incremental cost cutting versus what you've already 
announced and beyond what's just the potential, what's the intention? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: The intention is to hold the line on operating expenses and grow revenue. We're totally 
focused on our opportunities to grow revenue. We have some significant opportunities and we don't want to jeopardize 
those by doing something foolish in cutting operating expenses. I'm happy with the job we have done so far, but I'm not 
focused on further cuts in operating expenses. I'm focused on revenue growth. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider [Goldman Sachs]. Please proceed. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Maybe just as a follow-up to the gross 
margin question, could you talk about your progress in the 55-nanometer ramp? When do you feel you will be at fully 
on production of 55-nanometer and how much 65-nanometer inventory do you have remaining? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have 65-nanometer inventory remaining but everything we are ramping now is 55 and 
everything on the high-end that we're shipping now is 55. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Okay. Fair enough. And I guess as a follow-up, in terms of the market data we've seen over the 
last few quarters, notwithstanding the macro weakness affecting desktop GPU demand, there seems to be a pretty 
precipitous share shift between desktops and notebooks. Can you address your outlook over the next several quarters 
whether you think that there is some kind of break point where the rate of desktop share continues or doesn't decline as 
much going forward? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The desktop – what the market shows is the desktop units are relatively flat and that the 
growth is coming from notebooks. It's not so much that the total units are flat and there is a shifting of units from 
desktop to notebooks. And so desktop units are relatively flattish and notebook growth is clearly much more 
significant. And our focus on the desktop is continuing to bring exciting new products and ideas to the marketplace that 
causes people to want to come back and buy new PCs. We have to recapture our share. We lost some market share 
recently and as we were transitioning. But those things are all behind us now and we are focused on going after the 
share that we lost. 

In terms of the notebook market, we recently introduced the 9400M. This is the chip that was in the MacBook and the 
MacBook Air and also the MacBook Pro. And this particular chip is really amazing. It integrates three chips into one, a 
lot less real estate on the motherboard; much, much lower power. And as a result – and it's also our first Intel processor 
notebook GPU, the first one we have ever built for a motherboard GPU. And so this is a very new market for us that 
we're growing into. You already saw the initial success that we've announced and there are many more that we would 
like to announce in the near future. But this is a very important growth opportunity for us. And so for the first time, we 
have exposure to the vast majority of the fastest-growing segment in the PC industry. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Mark Lipacis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Thanks for taking my question. First question perhaps for Marv. Can you give us a sense of a 
more normalized gross margin and operating margin target that you guys have and if you care to take a stab at when 
you might be able to reach that? 


<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, I won't take a stab as to when we might be able to reach it. I don't see anything long-term 
that is an impediment for us getting back to where we were before in the mid to higher 40% range. And obviously we 
are focused on that. In Q2 we took a step backwards. Now we have to recover. Part of that recovery is going to be 
regaining market share in the performance and enthusiast segments. Part of that recovery is going to be transitioning to 
55 nanometer and beyond. So we are focused on gross margin improvement but I don't have a timetable for when we 
get back. 

<Q - Mark Lipacis>: Fair enough. Second question – you're successfully transitioning to 55 nanometers now. When 
would be a reasonable time to expect to see 40 nanometer products hit the market? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We haven't announced any 40 nanometer products yet. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Krishna Shankar with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Yes, Marv, can you give us the revenue mix in the quarter between desktop, notebook and 
CPs and professional solutions just as approximate percentages? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Wow. I think I did that because we said that the total GPU business was down quarter to 
quarter and the MCP business was up. So, if you'll take your base line that you had last quarter in that data and put 
those growth rates or decline rates on them, you'll come to the breakout of the revenue for the quarter. I don't have the 
percentage of the revenue within those that totals up to 100%. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Okay. And then your guidance for the January quarter, are you saying basically flattish to 
plus or minus 5% for revenue? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, I think I said the point estimate was a decline of 5%. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Okay, all right. And then just a final question on the performance and enthusiast graphics, 
with the new product line on 55 nanometer, do you feel that you can continue to gain market share here in the January 
quarter and what is the outlook for that segment of the market given consumer spending patterns? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We absolutely will regain market share and we have – this is a segment where technology 
matters, performance matters, architecture matters and we have the best lineup. Our challenge was never architectural 
leadership. Our challenge was that we were caught flat footed at 65 and our chip and board solution was just too 
expensive. And so we have made that transition in Q2 and we are in Q3 and we are through that transition and we are 
off and running. 

With respect to the robustness of the segment, historically this segment has responded to new games. Gamers buy 
graphics cards to play new games and this Christmas we're going to have five very, very exciting new games coming 
out. And if you were fortunate to have a GeForce GTX, your experience would be the best. And that is our focus now is 
to ship all these GeForce's and get back to taking back share. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Piccioni with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed. 

<Q - Brian Piccioni>: Thank you for taking my call, my question. I noticed that your days receivable seems to be 
contracting and of course one of the concerns that many people have in this environment is bad debt expense from 
customers being unable to pay. We have had some – we have seen some smaller companies reporting similar type 


experiences. Are you making an effort to tighten your exposure to customers or is it basically business as usual? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We've always watched our receivables very, very closely – been very diligent about credit 
terms and payments. So, I would say it's business as usual. We're not doing anything any differently. Our receivables 
even in this environment are in very good shape, very current, no overdue receivables. 

<Q - Brian Piccioni>: I see and you mentioned a fairly sizable impairment to your interest and other income. Would 
that be related to your portfolio management efforts or were these just other sort of charges that jumped out of 
nowhere? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, I mean it's a little bit of everything. There was some impairment on some investments that 
we made. There was some impairment on some of our cash investments and there were some realized losses. But each 
of them individually was not significant. 

<Q - Brian Piccioni>: And just as a final comment I guess, more or less to be viewed as hopefully nonrecurring. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I certainly hope so, Brian. 

<Q - Brian Piccioni>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from line of Uche Orji with UBS Investment Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Marv, let me just go back to the subject of the guidance. I know you said the 
midpoint is down five. Just considering the way most people are – companies are guiding recently, can you give us 
some color as to what could drive the range? I know you're not disclosing what that range is but give us some color as 
to what could drive the range because it's really tough to understand how because with minus five midpoint, that's 
coming out much better than most of companies within the industry or anywhere within the tech sector is guiding. So, 
can you just give us a little bit of color as to how to handicap that range please? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Okay. You have got to understand that there's some businesses that are less impacted by the 
volatility out there today. Our workstation business is very solid. And obviously have had a very good quarter last 
quarter. And so, I view that as solid going forward. I would expect another solid area to be our MCP business with the 
products that Jen-Hsun talked about the 9300 9400M products. Those would do well and could even indicate some sort 
of revenue growth. The big swing factor in all of this is what happens to desktop revenue. And as Jen-Hsun says, we're 
focused on regaining some market share in that area. But my caution tells me that it could be a weak market in the 
fourth quarter. So, those are sort of the factors driving that outlook. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: That's helpful. Let me just ask you another question. Was there any impact from licensing SLI for 
the X58 motherboard within this quarter? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: There was no revenue impact. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. And then just another question. This is for Jen-Hsun. With the three GPU notebook 
announced today by Toshiba, how much more of this type of notebook should we expect to see? Is there any pipeline 
for such coming Jen-Hsun please? 

<Q - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We probably shouldn't announce our customer's products on their behalf. But the basic 
technology is combining SLI and hybrid GPU into one system. So in one mode the 9400M is a chipset, is an SLI 
chipset and it communicates with the external dual GeForce 9800 GT GPUs. And in another mode, the 9400M is a 
graphics chip so that the two 9800 GTs could be shut off and conserve battery power. And so this is a way, this 
technique is a way to both get very, very high performance for gamers while conserving – considering that battery life 
whenever they're not playing games. So it's a really fabulous technique for delivering that discontinuity, if you will. So 
this is a technique I think other people may decide to adopt. 


<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. And then one last question, Marv. Your inventory exiting next quarter if you do hit the 
minus five-midpoint guidance, how should we think about inventory given the jump we have seen in the current quarter 
to 91 days? Why should we be – is there a target for where we should model inventory for next quarter? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I don't know about the end of next quarter. If we achieve that target, we would see inventory 
coming down probably. So, we still have the same target of inventory in the 60 to 75 days of DSI. That is still our 
target. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay. Well. Good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with JPMorgan Securities. Please proceeds. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, thank you. Hi guys. I would like to I guess poke around on gross margins a little bit 


more. What percentage of your mix in Q3 was 55 nanometer GPUs? You mentioned the high end you were moving 
over aggressively. I'm just trying to get a quantitative sense as to the mix now and for Q4. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Wow. Most of our high-end was 65 nanometer in Q3. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: I would say across the board, most of our volume was 65 nanometer. You're talking about 


what we shipped? 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: That's right. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, What we shipped was 65. What was built was all 55 and what we're shipping now is 


mostly 55. 


<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Is it true that the chipset gross margins right now are greater than your desktop gross 
margins? 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: They're close. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: They're close? 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: I would say that you're probably right but it's not a huge difference. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay then what <
A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: – backward looking for the quarter. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: For Q3. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Backward looking for the quarter. I would be surprised if forward-looking it is the same way. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah. What Jen-Hsun is saying is he expects improvement in the GPU margins going forward 


and the MCP margins are going to be relatively flat. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And as it relates to the sequential change in your gross margins, is that mostly mix or is 


there segment-by-segment unit cost reduction or changes in things sequentially? Can you kind of walk us through the 
moving pieces? 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: There's all of the above. In some cases you are getting transition, more 55 nanometer, less 65 


nanometer. That helps. In other cases you're ramping up and experiencing revenue growth and a lower gross margin 
line i.e. MCP. You're going to have lower revenue in a high gross margin line, Sony royalties. And so it's all mixed 
together. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay and what were your memory sales in Q3? 


<A - Marvin Burkett>: 22.3 million. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay and then last one for me. When you look at your order book and your visibility right 
now, is it the same, better or worse than this time when you set your guidance last quarter? 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: No visibility in either case. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay so no change then? Thank you. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of David Wu with Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
<Q - David Wu>: Yes, I was just curious that you haven't really talked about a lot of products but we haven't talked 
about consumer products and in particular Tegra. Can you talk about – those kind of products tend to have a good 


Christmas. Maybe this year is different and I was wondering when Tegra will begin to contribute to revenue and what 
about design win activities, that kind of stuff? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tegra is doing really well and I have said that Tegra was not ready for production this year 


because the design win process tends to be longer and I also have said that Tegra's coming out party is really spring of 
next year and so I look forward to talking to you much more about that spring of next year. 
<Q - David Wu>: Okay. How is the consumer business in the mean time? 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: What do you mean by consumer business David? 
<Q - David Wu>: You folks still have some graphics business with Motorola? 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: It's insignificant, insignificant, David. 
<Q - David Wu>: Essentially I shouldn't worry about that at all in Q4? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No, it's been insignificant for a long time. 
<Q - David Wu>: Been insignificant for a long time. Okay. Marv, if I look at next year, your different segment of the 
business, I would assume that I should get growth out of your chipset. That's the highest probably of absolute revenue 
growth and then Tegra should be behind that. In a difficult economic environment if you execute well on GPU side, can 
you actually grow revenue at all? 


<A - Marvin Burkett>: The answer I think is yes. But don't forget Tesla. In terms of significant revenue growth, 
obviously Tegra and the MCP business, but Tesla is also in that same category. 

<Q - David Wu>: That's tens of millions of dollars? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We hope it's more than that. Here's the way I would break it down. GeForce desktop, our 
growth opportunity comes from capturing share back. Our MCP business, obviously greater exposure to notebook is a 
wonderful thing. And then Quadro is a growth business, Tesla is a growth business and Tegra is a growth business. We 
know those three product lines are all going to grow next year. 

<Q - David Wu>: I see. Okay. Thank you. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you, David. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with American Technology Research. Please proceed. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my question. Last quarter you made a significant comment about 
the demand you were seeing in the marketplace regarding mix shift. Can you tell us if you've seen a continuation there, 
any changes and just an update? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I don't think I have seen any change. Are you referring to, Doug, what we call the sort of 
disappearance of the low-end of the discrete desktop? 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Correct. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I don't think we've seen any change to that. That's becoming in our view a mobile market. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: A lot of people have called it the carving out of the mid-range and whether it's the mid-range 
PC market or mid-range other markets. And what we're seeing is that the mid-range PC market is either moving to 
lower-end or it's moving to notebooks. And that's why it's so important for us to have the 9400M Intel notebook 
platform exposure because that's a lot of the growth is in notebooks right now as you know. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. Can you update us as far as ongoing negotiations to secure capacity at leading-edge 
nodes going forward? I know there was some concern about your partner committing enough capital to meet the 
demands of a $4 billion company. Can you discuss any progress you may have had there? 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: And my last one, Marv, just a little bit of a housekeeping question for you. You've spent $300 
million buying back shares. Did you have an average share price to that or can you offer us some guidance on where 
you think the share count will be next quarter? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: The price was $12.99. I thought it was a bargain at the time. No I have no comment about the 
shares going forward. That would be a function of a lot of different things, options issued, people leaving, 
repurchasing, anything. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: What is left on the repurchase authorization? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: About 1.3 billion. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Doug. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. Please proceed. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Thanks. Jen-Hsun how defensible is a single chipset as you guys are doing it? How long will 
it take for the competition to do that? It seems to me it kind of locks you in in a way that it's very difficult for some of 
your competitors to do multi-GPU type functionality on a notebook. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's really, really hard to do. If you think about the current PC architecture to deliver that 
functionality requires four chips and now with the new laptops with the 9400M it only requires two chips -- the CPU 
and the GPU. We know that Intel is working towards a two-chip architecture as well, the CPU and then the chipset. 
And as you know by now that project has been delayed by a year now. And so it is hard to do. It's a lot of functionality 
to integrate into one chip and it took us a fair amount of work to build something like that for the notebook as well. 

And so now we have a chassis. It sits next to an amazing processor, the Core 2 Duo, the best processor that frankly 
anybody in the world has ever built. And it's fast and it's low-power and so between the Core 2 Duo and 9400M it 
makes a wonderful notebook. And so our intention is to introduce a few more versions of this chassis and continue to 
enhance the experience of notebooks going forward. So I am really really excited about 9400M. This was a very, very 
hard project for us and for anybody in the world to have accomplished. And so I think this is an investment that is 


going to pay off for several years. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Okay thanks and as a quick follow-up, is there any update or status on the notebook GPU 
recall that you guys took a charge for last quarter? Is there any risk to a desktop recall on that same topic? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's been relatively quiet actually. And we're working with all the OEMs still. Nothing has 
really changed. And so I don't know that there is anything new to report. We're working everything was so far things 
are consistent with our model if not a little bit better than that. And so we're just working with our OEMs and making 
sure that number one, they understand the issues and that they are taking immediate and appropriate steps to improve 
whatever thermal management techniques are available in the notebooks and then working with them to support the 
end users if an end user were to report a problem. And so that is our strategy and we're focused on that. Nothing has 
really changed this quarter. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Okay thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah thanks a lot Hans 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you so much. Could you just kind of remind us with respect to the new architecture what sort 
of timeline you're looking at in terms of introducing that next year? And then just a follow-up on the prior question – 
what are the key milestones in terms of getting through the clearance associated with any of the issues lingering from 
the recall, all the issues that you had in terms of the write-down that you've already taken I think of 196 million? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I see, if I told you, then the competition would know too. So I find myself – I want to tell 
you, I can't wait to tell you. It's going to be a fabulous processor. It is – we're working really hard on it. It's a very, very 
large undertaking and building a new architecture of this magnitude is a multi-hundred million dollar undertaking any 
more. So it's a big, big deal. I'm very excited about it and I can't wait to tell you about it hopefully next year. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Do you think that that is the key point in terms of shares either increasing again for you? Or do you 
think the 40 nanometer introduction before that may be a turning point in terms of market share dynamics? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We lost some share recently because of our transition and our competition surprised us with a 
significantly lower cost and we were caught off guard and we shouldn't have been. But we're not caught off guard now 
and it's time for us to go get our market share back. We have better architecture and our architecture is much, much 
more robust in a lot of different ways; much more features, it's not just graphics. It has physics processing and has 
image processing and video processing. And I mentioned earlier that we're going to introduce a really amazing new 
capability called Stereoscopic 3D. 

And – so those capabilities are simply not available when you just have a graphics chip. And so our focus as a 
Company is to expand the GPU market. We're trying to expand the GPU market by enabling the GPU to do more than 
just graphics. And so we're going to continue to do that. And over the years we've increased the size of the GPU market 
beyond anyone's expectations. And I think that our imagination surely at the moment exceeds everybody's expectation 
in the world today. And so I think that you're going to find GPUs in supercomputing clusters. You're going to find 
GPUs, multiple GPUs in your workstations, some of it for graphics, the some of it for computing. You're going to see 
GPUs used for video editing and image processing and physics simulations. And so GPUs will become more and more 
valuable and do more and more competition for your PC. And so I think that that is our primary focus. I expect that 
we're going to continue to grow our GPU business and grow the overall GPU TAM because of our innovations. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 


Operator 

We have no more time for questions. I'll now turn the call over to Jen-Hsun. Please go ahead. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to reporting our progress for Q4. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask 
that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day everyone. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


