Q4 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robert Csongor 
• Karen Burns 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Betsy Van Hees 
• Steven Eliscu 
• Christopher Caso 
• Doug Freedman 
• Blayne Curtis 
• Kevin E. Cassidy 
• Shawn R. Webster 
• James E. Schneider 
• Patrick Wang 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Andreca and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to 
welcome everyone to the NVIDIA Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] Thank you. 

I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Rob Csongor. Sir, you may begin your conference. 

Robert Csongor 

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call on the annual and fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 
results. With me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and 
Karen Burns, Interim Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the call to a 
question-and-answer session. Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow-up. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's investor relations website 
and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until February 20, 2013 and 
the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our first quarter of 
fiscal 2014. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed 
without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 28, 2012, and the 


reports we may file from time-to-time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All our statements are made as of today, February 13, 2013, based on information available to us as of today and except 
as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all references to 
market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release which is posted on our website. With that, let's 
begin. 

We are pleased to report a record year for the company. Despite significant headwinds, we achieved record annual 
revenues and gross margins for fiscal year 2013. Excluding chipset revenue, which we exited, we grew our GPU 
business 8% last year and for the third consecutive year. We increased overall GPU market share from 53% to 65% and 
our notebook share by almost 20 percentage points from 47% to 66%. 

Tegra, Tesla, and notebook GPUs all achieved record revenue. We invested in new growth products that are now 
sampling, including Tegra 4 i500 4G LTE modem, Project SHIELD and GRID while controlling OpEx at target for the 
year. 

This year, we transitioned Kepler across our GPU businesses. Gaming was a key area to benefit. Massively multiplayer 
games or MMOs continued to drive a robust PC gaming market. Worldwide MMO revenues grew 21% last year to $13 
billion according to market research firm, Newzoo. And GeForce is the gamers' choice of GPU by a margin of almost 2 
to 1 according to gamers on Steam. 

Our notebook share is near our record high. Kepler is also starting to shift into Quadro with revenues up 10% this 
quarter. With Tesla, we are leveraging GPUs beyond graphics into massively parallel processing and supercomputers. 
Just three years after we entered the market, 50 of the world's top 500 fastest computers are now powered by NVIDIA 
GPUs, including the fastest and the most energy-efficient. 

We introduce NVIDIA GRID visual computing appliances. GRID is a first of its kind graphics system that serves 
graphics' intensive applications to many concurrent users at once. One of the major applications is cloud gaming. More 
than a dozen cloud gaming trials are up and running around the world and others will be announced by more telcos as 
the year progresses. 

At CES, we announced Tegra 4, the world's fastest mobile processor. It is the first 4-PLUS-1 quad-core A15 processor 
with an extra energy saving core and 72 graphics cores compared with Tegra 3's 12 cores. It delivers the world's fastest 
web-browsing performance and new, always-on high-dynamic range computational photography. At this point in time, 
we already have more design wins with Tegra 4 than we had in total with Tegra 3. 

We see significant new growth opportunities in the LTE-connected device market which is projected to be 150 million 
units in 2013 and growing at 50% a year. We are now sampling our i500 4G LTE multi-band multimode voice and data 
modem. More efficient and 40% the size of conventional modems, i500 delivers four times the processing capability of 
its predecessor. This is the first result of our Icera acquisition. Icera is the first company to successfully create and 
commercialize a software-defined radio modem and has been building modems since 2006. 

And we announced Project SHIELD, an NVIDIA-branded open platform gaming device. A pure Android device 
connected to the Google Play Store and TegraZone, Project SHIELD is able to play any Android application and game 
and can also stream PC games from a nearby GeForce GTX PC. Powered by a Tegra 4 processor, Project SHIELD 
integrates a five-inch Retina Display, a console-grade game controller, and a first mobile tuned port bass reflex 
speakers. We believe SHIELD will be attractive to modern gamers who want to play on open platforms and have great 
gaming experiences while tethered to their TVs or PCs. 

SHIELD will enhance the strategic position of Tegra. Besides highlighting the capabilities of Tegra, SHIELD will 
attract great games to TegraZone, which can then be enjoyed on every Tegra powered device. TegraZone has already 
been downloaded 6 million times. 


Looking forward, our company is shifting gears to accelerate. Our GPU business remains strong while we extend our 
visual computing technology leadership. Tegra 4 is ramping into production for mobile devices this year, while 
growing into embedded devices such as cars and gaming devices. We will engage the LTE-connected devices market 
aggressively this year. And we will add new system products incorporating our processors and software, the NVIDIA 
GRID graphics appliance, and SHIELD Android gaming device. We are excited by the investments we are making into 
these very large markets where our expertise in visual computing can make unique contributions. 

With that, let me turn the call over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Rob. NVIDIA had record revenue for the year of $4.3 billion, up 7% from fiscal 2012. At the start of the year, 
we set out a number of financial objectives. It's satisfying to note that we achieved many of them. Among these goals 
were the following: gain share in our GPU business. Driven by the introduction of our new Kepler architecture, we 
gained share in both desktop and notebook and delivered record revenue for our notebook products. Grow Tegra 
revenue at least 50%; revenue for Tegra products sold into smartphones and tablets increased by $181 million to a 
record $541 million, up 50% year-on-year. Grow Quadro and Tesla revenue; revenue for Tesla products increased 37% 
year-on-year as we shipped our first Kepler products, Tesla K10 in Q3 and Tesla K20 in Q4. 

Quadro revenue was down roughly 6% year-on-year. In October, we shipped Quadro K5000, our first Kepler-based 
Quadro product in limited volume. This year, we will launch Kepler for Quadro and volume top-to-bottom into the 
professional market. We expect Kepler for both Quadro and the Tesla to do very well. Exit the year with gross margin 
of approximately 52%; we exceeded our target exiting Q4 with a gross margin of 52.9% and non-GAAP of 53.2%. We 
had record gross margin for the full-year with GAAP gross margin at 52%, up 60 basis points from the previous year, 
and non-GAAP gross margin, up 52.3%, up 40 basis points. 

Manage our OpEx investment at approximately $1.56 billion on a GAAP basis and $1.4 billion for non-GAAP. GAAP 
OpEx was $1.58 billion, up $20 million from our original expectations. This was due to a $20 million expense for a 
corporate donation made in the second quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, which excluded this $20 million charge, as well 
as stock-based compensation and acquisition-related costs, we successfully managed to our target of $1.4 billion. 

Before moving on, I'd like to provide more background on OpEx as we continued to invest in our key growth strategy. 
Our OpEx is comprised primarily of employee-related costs. This includes compensation and benefits, as well as other 
related expenses and supporting costs largely infrastructure for facilities and IT equipment. GAAP and non-GAAP 
OpEx were both up 12% from fiscal 2012. Of the year-on-year OpEx increase for GAAP, 86% related to these 
employee-related costs, 12% to a contribution expense or corporate donations, and 2% related to all other costs. 

With non-GAAP OpEx excluding the contribution expense, as well as stock-based comp and acquisition related costs, 
which were flat year-over-year, 98% of the increase came from employee and supporting infrastructure costs. The 
remaining 2% related to all other operating expenses. 

We are investing in the new products and major growth opportunities Rob talked about. Icera i500, [ph] Project Gray 

(11:55) and SHIELD and NVIDIA GRID. We added about 840 new staff in fiscal 2013 giving us a total of nearly 
8,000 employees at the end of the year. Of our new staff, 88% joined our engineering teams, 12% joined our operations 
and SG&A organizations. 
We also invested in an annual pay increase for existing employees and began a 401(k) match in Q4. We believe our 
focused investment and our growth strategies and our core businesses are critical to our future growth. 

Now onto revenue by business segment for the full fiscal year. Beginning this quarter, we changed our financial 
reporting segments to reflect the way we are now managing our business. We now have two primary reporting 
segments, GPU and Tegra Processor. This new segmentation recognizes that we have two fundamental technologies, 
GPUs and SOCs, which we leverage across several markets under different brands. 


Revenue for the GPU business, which includes GeForce, Quadro and Tesla-based GPUs was at 2% year-on-year. This 
increase was achieved despite $173 million decline in chipset products, which we discontinued. Excluding chipset 
product revenue, our GPU business grew 8% representing our third consecutive year of GPU growth. 

Revenue for the Tegra Processor business was up almost 30% from the previous year driven by the 50% increase in 
revenue for Tegra sales shipped into smartphones and tablets including WinRT devices referenced earlier. 

Full details of our new reporting segments, as well as historical revenue segmentation can be found in my CFO 
commentary posted on our website. Now I'd like to talk briefly about the fourth quarter. Apart from our tax rate, Q4 
results were in line with our expectations at the beginning of the quarter. Revenue was $1.11 billion, down 8% 
sequentially, and up 16% year-on-year. Gross margins remained at record levels. GAAP gross margin was 52.9%. 
Non-GAAP was 53.2%. 

Operating expenses were $402 million for GAAP and $360 million for non-GAAP. GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates 
were both below our expectations at roughly 7% in Q4 as we benefited from the extension of the U.S. research tax 
credit. Extension of this credit was enacted during our fourth quarter bringing our effective tax rates down for the year 
to roughly 15% for GAAP and non-GAAP, in line with our outlook with the inclusion of this credit. 

Turning to the balance sheet, our position remains strong in the quarter and throughout the year. Cash increased each 
quarter reaching a record $3.73 billion at Q4, up 9% sequentially, and up 19% on fiscal 2012. In Q4, we initiated 
quarterly cash dividends and extended our share repurchase program. We returned $147 million of cash to shareholders 
in the quarter with $100 million of stock repurchased and $47 million in dividends paid. 

Accounts receivable at Q4 was up $9 million over the prior-quarter on slightly less shipment linearity. Conversely, 
inventory was down $9 million from the prior quarter at $420 million. Regarding the first quarter outlook, for fiscal 
2014, our expectations for GAAP are as follows. Revenue is expected to be $940 million plus or minus 2%. We expect 
revenue for the first quarter to be less than Q4 reflecting lower GPU sales in line with expectations for the PC industry 
and lower Tegra sales as customer devices based on Tegra 3 ramp down ahead of Tegra 4 production. 

We expect gross margin of approximately 52.9%, flat from Q4. OpEx of approximately $430 million and a tax rate of 
approximately 16% plus or minus 1%. We expect the same for the annual effective tax rate for fiscal 2014. For 
non-GAAP we expect the following differences from our GAAP outlook. Gross margin of approximately 53.2%, flat 
from Q4 and OpEx of approximately $395 million. This excludes stock based compensation and certain charges related 
to acquisitions in the aggregate of approximately $35 million. 

The increase in OpEx for Q1 over the fourth quarter is primarily due to the employee related costs including planned 
hiring for our key growth businesses with the addition of a large FICA tax reset that occurs each first quarter. 

Depreciation and amortization are expected to be in a range of $59 million to $61 million and capital expenditures of 
$55 million to $65 million. Diluted shares are expected to be approximately $619 million. 

Lastly, we will pay our next quarterly cash dividend of $0.075 per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. On an annual 
basis, this is equivalent to $0.30 per share and approximates an annual yield of about 2.4% based on yesterday's closing 
price of $12.43. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Betsy Van Hees with Wedbush Morgan Securities. 

<Q - Betsy Van Hees>: I was wondering if you could help us understand in terms of the guidance from the revenue, 
which business segment – is it going to be equally down as a percentage basis? Or is one going to be down more than 


the other in your reporting segments? 

<A - Karen Burns>: So as I mentioned, we expect that our GPU business will be down very much in line with the PC 
industry. And as you know, Intel, AMD and other companies have already disclosed. And then the other component 
will be Tegra related, which will be larger, and that again is the transition effect from before from T4 – from T3 to 
Tegra 4. 

<Q - Betsy Van Hees>: Okay. Thanks very much. And so my follow-up question has to do with OpEx. That's a pretty 
big jump up in the GAAP OpEx, $430 million from your $402 million, and then your $384 million in the prior quarter. 
So, as we are looking at the July and October, are we going to see OpEx sort of flattening out? Or are we going to 
continue to have these incremental increases? And I was wondering if you could help us a little bit with the OpEx? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Sure. So, as you saw last year, we had a similar jump, and we have it every first quarter. As I 
explained, it's really the FICA tax reset that hits us hard in the first quarter. And just like in fiscal 2013, OpEx levels off 
for the rest of the year. So we expect a similar type of impact this year. 

<Q - Betsy Van Hees>: Okay. Thanks for answering my questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Steven Eliscu with UBS. 

<Q - Steven Eliscu>: Yes. Thank you. Last year just more specifically you gave us full year guidance for both OpEx 
and the percentage growth on Tegra, which was very helpful in terms of thinking about where NVIDIA was going to 
land in fiscal 2013. Slide 12 in your presentation talks about your growth drivers. Can you give us a sense as to what 
Tegra will grow the OpEx number? And just review some of those other growth drivers, so we have a sense as to where 
you'll end out for the full year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Steve, first of all, thank you. I think – we haven't decided yet whether to guide full year or 
not. At the moment we've decided to guide a quarter out. And to tell you the truth I' not sure how helpful it was to all of 
you that we guided the whole year. And so I think that at the moment we are still thinking through it. But some of the 
comments that you heard related to, and Rob's comments, were that specific to Tegra that at this point we have more 
design wins than we had at this point with Tegra 3. You also heard that we're now sampling our 4G LTE modem, and 
this is a pretty large market. It's still early in the modem – overall modem market. There's about 150 million units large 
projected this year, growing about 50% per year. The overall connected device market is probably about 1 billion – 
north of 1 billion units. And so, there's still a lot of LTE 4G modems that need to be shipped. And this is really the first 
year where we have the ability to engage that market, so we're really super excited about it. We're going to engage it 
very, very hard, and we're sampling modems around the world now. 

And so, those are good growth indicators for Tegra 4, with the first quarter, always, we ramp down Tegra 3 as we ramp 
up Tegra 4. And hopefully in the future, as we get more and more into lower-end devices where the lifecycle is a little 
longer, this transitional effect would be a lot – would be less pronounced. But this is something we expected and it's 
something that we'll transition into Tegra 4 as fast as we can. 

<Q - Steven Eliscu>: Well, and as far as feedback, as far as the guidance, the first time you provided it, it was probably 
a bit premature. But when you provided it a year ago for fiscal 2013, it was extremely helpful, so we appreciate that. 
Just as a follow-up question here, we've heard about one of your primary competitors in the ARM processor area talk 
about cleaning clocks of Tegra. Can you give us a sense as to, given some of the slippages that the trade press has 
reported with Tegra 4, that – how – to give us confidence that indeed, you will be able to maintain a performance 
leadership when we see Tegra 4 come out? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I guess I won't comment on his comment. And I don't know how he could possibly 
know the performance of Tegra 4. No one outside the company knows the performance of Tegra 4. And so, that's 
number one. I'll refrain from going any further. I'd like to. But with respect to Tegra 4, I guess you're just going to have 


to wait just a little longer, not much longer, and you'll see performance evaluations of Tegra 4, and I think you'll be 
quite pleased with them. Tegra 4 is many times higher performance than Tegra 3 in many areas. And it's designed to be 
very high-performance. There's a lot of confidence in why we can deliver that performance leadership. We said that 
about Tegra 3, and I think we delivered on that. This is an area that we're quite good at. So whether it's CPU 
performance or GPU performance or camera performance, these are three areas that we've made big breakthroughs on. 

But the two areas that are super-important to our customers have to do with the battery life that we can sustain, despite 
the fact that our performance is really high. And it has to do with two very unique features. One is our 4-PLUS-1 
energy-saving core. We invented this technology, and we're still the only company in the world shipping this 
technology. And none of our competitors has this technology as of yet, although some of them are talking about it in 
the future. Second, it's a technology that's related to modulating the backlight on a per-pixel-per-frame level, that is 
something that's very unique to Tegra, and it saves hundreds of milliwatts. Because as you could imagine how much a 
display backlight consumes, it's getting higher and higher, because the resolutions are getting higher and the displays 
are getting brighter and people expect more from their display. This is a technology that is quite unique to us. And this 
is where, with Tegra 4, we have our second generation of that. 

And so we've introduced not only performance capabilities, but as well as battery-saving capabilities and new 
functionalities, like our camera. And so I'm looking forward to the reviewers, which ultimately the reviewers will tell 
us how their processor compares to ours. But based on everything we know about crate, I think our position of Tegra 4 
is going to be pretty extraordinary. 

<Q - Steven Eliscu>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial. 

<Q - Christopher Caso>: I wonder if you could give a little more color about the Quadro business? I think in your last 
quarter comments you were expecting some weakness in that business. And it looked like from the commentary that 
that grew in the quarter despite some limited quantities of the K5000. Can you talk about that a little bit? And what 
your expectations are – that for the April quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I will let Karen talk about the April quarter. But what I will do is I'll talk to you about the 
dynamics of that business. We're gaining share in that business, because our position in graphics is getting stronger 
than ever. Our technology leadership position is pulling ahead, whereas graphics is important, and it continues to be, 
we've introduced new ways of rendering graphics, ray tracing and other computational graphics capabilities. 

We've added simulation technology related to, made possible by GPU computing so that you can stimulate and 
visualize at the same time. So the capabilities that we provide is increasing. We're just transitioning Kepler into our 
entire enterprise product line. And Kepler, as you know, is just a wonderful GPU. It's the best GPU we've ever built, it's 
the best GPU the industry has ever built. And we're in the process of transitioning that into Quadro. That's been offset. 
There is some offsetting dynamics related to the weakness of the enterprise market in some areas around the world. 
There were some delays related to the next generation workstation motherboard from Intel. But I think their people are 
working through those issues, and I think the dynamics will play out. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Yes. So, to answer the second part of the question. So, for this quarter, Q4, we saw some nice 
strength in Quadro. Quarter over quarter Quadro was up about 11%. So as Jen-Hsun mentioned, we have great plans 
with Kepler and our market opportunities. For next quarter, Q1, we are expecting relatively flat. As Jen-Hsun 
mentioned again, there is some offsetting forces, and we are being a little bit conservative perhaps, but we had a really 
strong quarter in Q4. 

<Q - Christopher Caso>: Okay. Great. As a follow up, could you help us to calibrate our expectations for the PC 
graphics business as we go through the year? I understand you don't want to provide full-year guidance right now, but 
what you guys told us in the past is that your growth in PC graphics is not necessarily mirroring what's happening in 


the PC market. There's gaming product cycles, your own product cycles there. Could you give some color on that? And 
in addition, what your expectations are for market share, particularly the notebook side this year where you gained 
some market share last year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: My expectation is that we'll gain market share this year, or will continue to gain market share 
this year. With respect to PC graphics, PC graphics has two components to it. I am excluding the Tesla GPU product 
line, and I'm excluding the workstation product line for Quadro. But PC graphics, the consumer product line has really 
two components. The larger component – or there's two components. There's the OEM graphics, where the OEMs use 
our GPUs to differentiate their notebooks or differentiate their PCs. They add our GPUs, and because it's clearly 
additive and the performance is so much better, they can provide the same basic platform with a premium SKU. That 
dynamic hasn't really changed, and my guess is that an OEMs desire to create premium products will continue to be 
there. 

But the larger dynamic, the larger market for PC graphics, is related to PC gaming. We've always said that PC gaming 
is vibrant. We've said that PC gaming is in fact growing, and the reason for that is because the PC platform is open. 
And it allows for a lot of innovation, not only for technology, but also for business models. One of the most important 
-important new growth dynamic has to do with free-to-play. Free-to-play is really a wonderful business model, and it's 
a business model that doesn't serve as well a proprietary and a closed platform model where royalties are – or where it's 
royalty-bearing. And so these free-to-play platforms are fabulous for PCs. And it attracts new gamers, it costs nothing 
to try it, and unless you really enjoy the game, that's when you really get in and buy up virtual goods, where you can 
differentiate your outfit, your costume, differentiate your weapons, play new levels. 

And so it's – the more you enjoy the game, the more you're welcome to spend in the game. And I think that that kind of 
a business model really tailors nicely to PCs. It's also much more associated with MMOs, massively multi-player online 
games. And so, these dynamics continue to help drive our PC graphics business, the gaming graphics business. For the 
year, I think that these dynamics will remain true, that the MMO and the free-to-play business models are going to 
continue to drive and help grow the PC graphics business. 

<Q - Christopher Caso>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, when we look at the business model 
and the OpEx growth last year, you grew OpEx at a rate above the revenue growth. But you were able to offset it with 
gross margin leverage. Looking forward, if I run the numbers, it looks like we're going to see about 15% OpEx growth 
year-on-year, even if you hold Q1's level pretty stable for the balance of the year. How should we think about that 
going forward? Are you going to – should we think about revenue leverage here, or is there gross margin leverage 
potential to hold onto your earnings column? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, Doug, I appreciate the question. I think first of all, we just – we have to recognize that 
we're investing into a once-in-a-lifetime and very large market opportunity. We weren't the first modem company in the 
world, but we need a modem, a 4G LTE modem, to address the very large LTE connected devices market. And if we're 
able to deliver that, we're in a pretty special place. And the reason for that is because we have a great application 
processor, we have a great application processor roadmap, because we have the technology capability to sustain it. One 
of the most important areas – one of the most important capabilities in the mobile market is the ability to have software. 
There are so many different operating systems, and Microsoft does a great deal in the PC industry that's not afforded to 
in the rest of the embedded markets. 

And this is a market where, in the connected marketplace – connected device marketplace where there is Android and 
Chrome and WinRT and Linux and QNX, and all these different operating systems require a world-class system 
software team. And so, if we have those two things and we combine it with LTE, which we're now sampling, the 


combination of these three things could put us in a very special place. And so, we want to go after that large and 
fast-growing LTE marketplace, and investment is necessary. So the answer to your question is revenue leverage. We're 
looking forward to revenue leverage. 

Now our GPU business of course is still growing as well. And there are opportunities to grow there. The last year we 
grew 8%, if you excluded the chipset business that we exited, and this year we added a new type of GPU product. We 
incorporated our GPUs into a first-of-its-kind graphics appliance that's a graphics computing system. It's dedicated to 
doing graphics, and we've described a few applications for the NVIDIA GRID. And I think that this type of a 
computing appliance, this graphics appliance, is for GPU is very similar to a router as router is for networking chips, or 
a network-attached storage is for SATA chip. At some point when you want to share these resources with a larger 
workgroup or with a lot of different people, these graphics appliance – these computing appliances are really a perfect 
fit. 

And we see a lot of people wanting to go to SaaS, but they can't do it with graphics-intensive applications. And now 
with the NVIDIA GRID they can finally do that. And so, I'm excited about the GPU growth opportunities still, but one 
of the areas where we are investing heavily, and that's the reason why you saw the investments from the last couple 
years is really to put us in a place where we can engage the LTE market. And this year we will aggressively do that. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: I guess as my follow-up, I have a good understanding of where the growth is going to come 
from on the Tegra [indiscernible] (38:42). Clearly it sounds like you want to, with the LTE modem you want to grow in 
the handset side of the market to take advantage of that. And when you look at all the other investments that you're 
making, as you just ran through a pretty healthy list there of new products that you've introduced recently, what's 
number two and three on the list as far as revenue contribution? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I really listed two just now. I listed LTE, and that's LTE – when I say LTE I mean 
Tegra LTE. You have to invest in Tegra, and you have to invest in LTE in order to engage that LTE-connected device 
market. There is no standalone modem business anymore. And many of these new 4G connected device marketplace an 
integrated approach is necessary. And that's why we bought us Icera, and that's the reason why we're investing in LTE. 

That is really one investment. You have to do it altogether, or you don't do it at all. So that's one of the reasons why all 
of the standalone modem companies really have gotten out, and that's the reason why most of the standalone 
application processor companies have gotten out, because unless you have the combination of these three things, the 
Tegra, something like a Tegra application processor, a 4G modem and a software stack, you really can't play the big 
games. I think we are rather uniquely positioned to be a great challenger here. 

And the number two is GRID. That particular investment is really about taking our GPU and taking it out of the box. If 
you take the GPU out of the box, then you can grow independent of the box. GRID is going to make it possible for us 
to put our GPUs, if you will, on a network. And whether it is a Mac network, or a PC network, or an Android network, 
or whatever devices you've got networked onto it. So those were two investments that I've described. And both have 
exciting growth opportunities ahead. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Blayne Curtis with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Thanks for taking my questions. [ph] I was wondering if you could [indiscernible] (41:15). I was 
wondering if you could provide any color as to the make of that, with tablets, phones or Windows versus Android 
(41:28)? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm sorry. That was really, really difficult for us to understand. Could you try saying that 
again? Or calling in on a landline? Just try it one more time. 


<Q - Blayne Curtis>: I apologize. I'm traveling. I was wondering if you could provide some color as to [indiscernible] 

(41:48) makeup of whether you see tablets or smartphones a bigger driver for you as well as Windows versus Android? 
Thanks. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay. I'm going to take a swing at that. I think you asked, what is likely to be a larger growth 
driver for us, is it tablets or phones? And number two is it Android or WinRT? And so that's a good question. And let 
me see if I can try to dissect that. First of all, on a yearly basis although the quarters have been a little choppy, on an 
annual basis all of our – most of our growth, not all of our growth, but a vast majority of our growth has come from 
tablets. Whereas people were rather skeptical about Android tablets, we really stuck with it. And we stuck with it 
because we believed not in whether a tablet, an Android tablet, is going to be useful or not or successful or not. We 
believed in the Google cloud. We believed that people will buy books and music and games and movies and store their 
photographs up in the cloud. And when you put all of your personal content in the cloud, you want to enjoy it on your 
phone, you want to enjoy it when you're home in a larger format. And in which case, an Android tablet. 

We also believe that you would want to enjoy playing the games with a device that's designed and dedicated to play 
games, and that's the reason why we built SHIELD. And so I think the tablet market has turned out to exceed most 
people's expectations. And we grew a lot in Android tablets this last year, and my expectation is that there will be more 
Android tablets built this next year. And so, so the first thing is, yes, I believe in tablets. I believe in tablets 
wholeheartedly, and it's an area, it's a segment of the marketplace that we're going to continue to invest in and be quite 
successful in. 

WinRT, I believe it is essential – strategically essential for Microsoft, to be on all of the major processors in the world, 
surely the highest-volume processor in the world, as a software company that – and an operating system company it's a 
market they can't afford to ignore. And so, WinRT is surely going to be an important area for them. Now, whether 
people see WinRT as a consumer tablet or as a PC is yet to be determined. But at the very minimum, if you extrapolate 
it forward by a few years, it's hard to imagine how WinRT can't possibly – well, possibly, be a wonderful PC. We know 
exactly what it feels like on top of the Tegra 4, and it rocks, it's fantastic. And so, WinRT, I think will be successful as 
well. Microsoft will have no choice but to continue to invest in it, and it's a great company. They'll do something great 
with it. 

With respect to tab – so that's Android and WinRT. I already commented on tablets. Smartphones, super phones, this is 
an area that we will likely need to have an LTE modem in order to be successful. And that's the reason why we've 
worked so hard to accelerate our LTE modem to market. We're working around the clock. And this is, with an LTE 
modem, the Tegra Processor, and our software capability, we will be able to address a much larger phone opportunity 
going forward. And so, we'll have some phone success this year. But we're not expecting to have a whole lot of phone 
design wins until we engage the market with LTE. Okay? 

<Q - Blayne Curtis>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Kevin Cassidy with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: – the question. I wonder if you could give us a more of a timeline on the grid development, 
and when we could see significant revenue for that product. What are some of the obstacles in front of you still? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Kevin. I think the GRID comes in three flavors. GRID, the architecture, comes 
in three flavors. One, and the one – and that we developed first, is grid for Enterprise VDI. We've been working with 
Citrix, VMware and Microsoft for quite a long time. And in that particular application, by installing our graphics cards, 
the GRID VGX graphics cards, into an industry-standard OEM server, you could deploy it in enterprises and accelerate 
the VDI installations that you have. And so, if you had a Citrix desktop, it would just be much snappier. 

We could also address markets where the current VDI solutions aren't sufficiently good enough because the graphics 
performance isn't good enough, it doesn't accelerate – it doesn't run certain applications, like workstations. And so, we 


could expand the market for VDI. Our three partnerships are going fabulously. Everybody is very excited about that, 
and that is likely the first area of growth this year for GRID. 

The second component of growth has to do with cloud gaming. We have about six partners, and we are evaluating new 
ones, who are middleware partners, who service Telcos and MSOs around the world to provide cloud gaming to these 
Telcos and MSOs. They would like to provide gaming as one of the channels of cable television. And, so, it's another 
way for them to monetize a subscriber base they already have. 

It's another way for Telcos to provide content that could be enjoyed over the LTE networks. So you could imagine this 
is creating new content, adding content inventory to their subscriber base is something that of course every Telco and 
every MSO would more than love to do. 

And so there – we have six partners partnered with us around the world. The trials are going on at 12 of the Telcos – 12 
Telcos around the world. And there are more coming online as we speak. So that evaluation will take longer, because 
the quality of service has to be proven, and these large networks have to be tested. So that is the second that we've 
started. I'm not expecting large revenue contribution this year, but it's really, really important that we do proof of 
concepts and trials at every Telco this year. So that's our primary focus. 

The third has to do with that SaaS. There's a – as you know, most of the software companies would like to move to a 
SaaS model, it is – from whether it's monetization or just being able to access new customers more quickly. Not having 
to install a heavyweight application in somebody's network is one of the fastest ways to capture new subscribers or new 
customers, new licensees. So being able to literally put a heavyweight application like an Adobe or Autodesk or a 
SolidWorks application workstation application, as an icon you double-click and boom, you're are in that application, 
because that application is being served on a network. It's a real benefit to them. And so this is a new market as well for 
us. 

Obviously, GRID is the first of its kind device. It is a graphics, it's a GPU, it's a massive collection of GPUs in a 
computing device. And, so, we're very good at GPUs of course, and all the software is in house, but we are cultivating 
that marketplace now, and we'll see how it goes. And, so, I wish I had crisp answers on GRID, but this is a first of its 
kind device, and we have enthusiastic partners, because it provides a benefit to all of them in the ecosystem. And as 
soon as we can, we'll report on the actual business component of it. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Okay. Great. Thanks for those details. Have you seen any competition or any other 
alternative solutions for this type of application? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well GRID is the first of its kind, and my expectation is that it will be the only one of its kind 
for a while, and the reason for that is because in order to create GRID, we had to create a new architecture for a GPU, 
create a new system architecture, create new systems software architecture to virtualize, to share, to connect, to 
remotely render onto devices of all kinds. And so this is – we own the entire stack. So it's easy for us to do it. I don't 
really know how other people, somebody else would independently cut across that many layers of the architecture and 
system and system software to achieve it. But at the moment, everything I know and what I see in the horizon, GRID is 
really the only one in the market. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot, Kevin. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Shawn Webster with Macquarie. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: – much. I was wondering if you could help me understand the gross margins? You did a 
very good job keeping then stable in a down revenue environment, but it seemed like you had a healthy mix up in 
high-margin areas like workstations, and even going into Q1 where you're expecting flattish gross margins. Again, it 
sounds like workstations again will be kind of flattish, where you'll see declines elsewhere. Are using gross margin 


declines elsewhere? Or maybe price declines? Just help me understand that. Thank you. 

<A - Karen Burns>: I'm sorry. I missed the first party your question. Can you give me the first part please? 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: I'm trying to figure out the flat gross margins where you have what seems like a positive 
mix effect happening underneath your revenues to workstation? 

<A - Karen Burns>: For this quarter or next? 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: For both Q4 as well as your guidance for Q1. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Okay. So the mix is quite, as I explained in the commentary, it's really stable. Yes, Quadro was 
up, but there's always some offset. Quadro was up in Q4, but probably one of the larger areas is memory. When 
memory moves around, that can basically drag our margins a bit. So, but overall, the blend is pretty stable, and that's 
just how it is. And next quarter we're expecting about the same. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Okay. As it relates to the desktop segment, you had pretty good share gains this year. Can 
you talk about what some of the dynamics are in the channel currently, as far as like how inventories are looking, and 
maybe what your expectations are in terms of market share for the full year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well inventory levels tend to be slightly up when the revenues are down, as you can imagine. 
And so, we're expecting next quarter, or this coming quarter, to be seasonal as well as consistent with the overall PC 
market. And so, inventory will likely be slightly – will be up a tad. But we watch it very, very closely. The channel is 
very important to us and all of our partners, and the flow of goods is important to us. And in order to control and 
manage your gross margins, it's vital. It's vital not to have too much inventory, as you know. And so, we watch that like 
a hawk, and that's one of the reasons why our gross margins are stable and well-managed and improving. 

As far as the year goes, our position in Graphics is as good as it's ever been. And my expectation is that our position in 
graphics will improve this year. SHIELD will help GeForce. The ability to stream your – remotely, your PC game, and 
to be able to enjoy it on your SHIELD, is quite a magical new experience. And the enthusiasm from our GeForce 
customers around the world is really quite spectacular. We've had more, more press written about SHIELD than just 
about anything in the history of our company. And so, so I think the enthusiasm is quite high, and SHIELD is intended 
to be – one of its intentions is to be a companion device for GeForce. And so that's going to enhance our GeForce 
position. And so throughout the year, my expectation is that our position will continue to improve. But with respect to 
market share, we're just going to have report that when we get there. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes with Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering, if you could look at 
your pipeline for Tegra 4 design wins throughout the year, should we expect any kind of meaningful increase in Tegra 
as we head into the July quarter? Is this going to be more back-half loaded in Q3 and Q4? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm sorry, but it's impossible to hear you at all. 

<A - Robert Csongor>: Yeah, Jim, you're really faint. Is there any way you can increase your volume somehow? 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Yeah, I can try. I'm just wondering, in terms of the design win ramp you see for Tegra 4 
this year, do you think that will be increasing any in the July quarter, or do you expect that all to come in the back half 
of the year? 

<A - Robert Csongor>: [indiscernible] (56:50) coming in the July quarter or back half of the year? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We start – we ship Tegra 4 starting in Q2. We're ramping production now, and we have full 
production release. And so, we're ramping production. Q2 is when we ship to customers. Q2 is also when we ship the 
Tegra 4-based SHIELD device, and so we also start shipping in Q2. Although it's in the latter part of Q2, it's going to 
be in Q2. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: That's helpful, thanks, and a follow-up. [indiscernible] (57:30) look at your R&D spending 
throughout the year, you talked about modest declines – modest decreases as we head into the end of the year, but 
could you talk about any new initiatives, whether that's for GRID or SHIELD or [indiscernible] (57:45) increases we 
had through the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Any new initiatives or... 

<A - Robert Csongor>: Hey, Jim, this is Rob. Did you ask are there any new initiatives on OpEx other than GRID? Is 
that what you asked? 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: [ph] Is that what had caused for the repeat (58:00) through the year? Yes. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There are three things that our new businesses, if you will, not new businesses, but additions 
to our businesses this year. The first edition is LTE modems. LTE modems by itself is not a new business, but LTE 
modem will allow Tegra to enter into new markets where LTE is necessary. We already have many LTE design wins 
on i500. Our expectation is that this is going to be quite a good trend for us. That's one additive additional part of our 
business. The second additional part of our business is using our own Tegra processor and utilizing our own proprietary 
technologies and software and such to build an Android device we call that SHIELD. 

The third additional to our business – addition to our business is GRID, which is a GPU. It's a network attached GPU. It 
is not a new business. It is a GPU business. It's packed with GPUs. And it is served – it serves our existing marketplace, 
partnered with our existing partners. It's sold into the same ecosystems. So we have three things this year. LTE – Tegra 
LTE. Number one, Tegra LTE. Number two, SHIELD; and number three, is our GRID graphics appliance. 

<A - Robert Csongor>: Hey, Jim, I hope we answered your question. We will follow up with you and make sure we 
got that. I think we have time for one more. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Patrick Wang with Evercore Partners. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Thanks. Hi, so, just two questions. First off, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about 
your design traction on your modem business. You talked about i500. The Icera acquisition is definitely a key part of 
that. Just curious if you could help us maybe understand maybe the shape of the growth this year and perhaps the 
sizing? Is it something that grossed you $100 million this year? Is it something that's a lot bigger than that? 150 million 
units a year is a big TAM so I just wanted to think about that the right way. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, let's see. The first thing is it's important to note that the previous generation of our LTE 
modem, the i410 is the first and currently still the only WinRT LTE modem certified by AT&T. It is currently shipping 
in the ASUS Vivo Tablet. And if you get it chance to try it, it's really wonderful. It stands to reason that there are many 
other WinRT Tegra 4 tablets in development. And we would transition them to the i500 modem. We don't sell the 
modem separately. It's sold as a kit. It's sold with Tegra 4. And so it's hard to break it out per se. But more and more of 
our business will include LTE, because we had no LTE penetration in the past, and this year we're going to be shipping 
LTE modem. So I don't know exactly how much. We are trying to make it as much as possible, but at this point we're 
not guiding the whole year. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Got you. And then just for my follow up, I was curious – when we take a look at the full year 
you've got a lot of great stuff happening on Tegra outside of handsets, you've got tablet traction, you've got SHIELD, 
you've got automotive that did well last quarter. When we look at a full year here, I mean, you guys did a great job 


hitting 50% growth last year. Could you care to maybe give us some help in terms of ballpark how much growth we 
should be thinking about this year in fiscal 2014, given the transition and the fact we're kind of starting off a little bit 
light as we enter the April quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the way we enter the April quarter is I guess similar during every transition. I'm hoping 
that over time as we – although we've had this transition now for all three generations, each one of the transitions, the 
peaks have become much higher. The revenues of the whole business has become much larger. And so our position in 
the marketplace is growing. Our footprint is growing, and our position is more strategic to the marketplace than ever. 
But we haven't decided to guide the whole year. We're going to go through to this transition one more time, and we will 
start shipping in Q2, but we haven't decided to guide for the full year. 

What you recognize are the same things we observe as well. Whereas before we really only had Android tablets. Now 
we have a much larger Android tablet market, we have WinRT PCs, we have SHIELD, and we have automotive. So 
Tegra is not just a smartphone. And of course we have Tegra LTE, which will be great for connected tablets as well 
smartphones. And so we have more than just Android application processors now. We have much more than that. But 
it's hard to say exactly how much for the year, and we are just going to do as best we can. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. 

Robert Csongor 

Okay. I think that will do it for today. We're going to have to wrap it up. Thank you, everyone. We look forward to 
talking to you next quarter at our Q1 results. Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


