Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Quinn Bolton 
• Arnab Chanda 
• Gary Mobley 
• James Schneider 
• Peter Karazeris 
• Tayyib Shah 
• Michael McConnell 
• Shawn Webster 
• Heidi Poon 
• Uche Orji 
• Tim Luke 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon, thank you for holding. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded May 
8, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank 
you, sir. You may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Thank you operator, good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the first fiscal quarter ended April 
27, 2008. On the call today for NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer; and 
Marv Burkett, NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we begin today's call, I would like to take care of some general administrative items. Your lines have been 
placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer segment of today's call. 

During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures about net income, diluted net income per share, 
and gross margin when talking about our results. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures 
to GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at 
www.nvidia.com. 

Unless otherwise noted, all references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from 
Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 


This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Please be aware that if you 
decide to ask a question, it will be included in both our live transmission as well as any future use of the recording. 
Also, shareholders can listen to a live webcast of today's call via the Investor Relations page of our website. The 
webcast will be available for replay until the company's conference call to discuss its financial results for the second 
fiscal quarter of 2009. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, including statements as 
to the importance of and uses for the GPU and CUDA, our financial outlook and projections, the impact, performance 
and availability of and demand for our products and technologies, the impact of PPL [Pervasive Parallelism Lab], our 
growth and strategies, and the future of computing. The company's actual results may differ materially from results 
discussed in any forward-looking statements. For a complete discussion of factors that could affect the company's 
future financial results and business, please refer to the company's Form 10-K for the period ended January 27, 2008, 
and the reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof based on information available to us today and except as 
required by law, the company assumes no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast 
contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of May 8, 2008. 

Consistent with the requirements under Regulation FD, we will be providing public guidance directly in the conference 
call and we will be unable to provide significantly more information in offline conversations or during the quarter. 
Therefore, questions around our financial expectations should be asked during this call. 

At the end of our remarks, there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask questions, please 
limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow one follow-up question. 

I will now hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mike, good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today we reported revenue of 1.15 billion for our first 
quarter. Compared to last year, revenue grew 37% and GAAP net income increased 34%. Year over year, our GPU 
revenue grew 55%. MCPU revenue grew 31%. PSB revenue grew 44%. Our overall GPU units grew 42% while ASPs 
grew 10% year over year, a trend reflecting the growing importance of the GPU. 

We gained share in virtually every graphics category year over year: in desktop GPU, notebook GPU, and notebook 
integrated graphics. For the Performance segment, which is a reflection of technology leadership, we estimated our 
segment share is 90%. Overall, our graphics market share grew from 30 to 33% year over year. However, if we 
accounted for double-attach, which happens when a PC has both integrated graphics and GPU, our market share is 
approximately 42%. Double-attach happens because integrated graphics chipsets are often the same price as discrete 
chipsets. The market buys an integrated graphics motherboard but then turns it off when a GPU is added. 

Our first quarter reflects the growing importance of the GPU as our computing experience becomes increasingly 
visually rich. 

Let me turn the call over to Marv to discuss our financial results. I will return in a moment to talk about how we will 
continue to lead the visual computing revolution and shape the computer industry. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jen-Hsun. Today, we will be discussing both GAAP and non-GAAP results for the first quarter of fiscal year 
2009. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is stock-based compensation and its tax effect. 


As Jen-Hsun stated, revenue for the first quarter was 1.15 billion, which is up 37% year to year and down 4% quarter to 
quarter. Our revenue was in line with our expectations. 

For the first quarter, GPU revenue, which includes desktop, notebook, and memory, grew 45% year to year but 
declined by 8% from the fourth quarter. The components of GPU had significant growth year to year. Desktop GPUs 
grew 44% year to year. Notebook grew 99%, and memory declined 36%. Quarter to quarter, both desktop and 
notebook declined by about 8%, and memory was down 22%. MCP grew 31% year to year and declined 4% quarter to 
quarter. 

The star for the first quarter was the Professional Solutions business, which includes workstation products. It grew 44% 
year to year and 21% quarter to quarter. The Consumer business declined by 24% quarter to quarter and 37% year to 
year. All in all, most of the revenue was in line with our expectations at the beginning of the quarter. 

ASPs held relatively flat quarter to quarter. 

Gross margin was disappointing. We didn't manage our product transitions as well as we would have liked, and this 
resulted in a decline in gross margin to 44.6%. We can do better. The issues in gross margin were focused primarily in 
product transition issues in the GPU business. Therefore, margin for the GPU business segment declined by almost 2 
full percentage points quarter to quarter. Again, it was not an ASP issue as ASPs held relatively flat. We had hoped and 
expected to make progress in improving the yields for the new products. This did not happen. 

Margin in the Professional Solutions business remained very good. Margin in MCP were down because of the 
movement to the integrated chipsets, but that was expected. 

GAAP operating expenses were 312 million, which is up 8.6% quarter to quarter and in line with our expectations. 
Most of increase was in R&D as we absorbed several acquisitions that we made recently. 

Headcount grew by 373 during the quarter and our ending head count was 5,358. Year to year, the head count is up by 
1,284. 

Depreciation in the quarter was $41.4 million, up by around $4.5 million from the previous quarter. 

Capital expenditures were 202.2 million, which included a purchase of property in Santa Clara for approximately 150 
million. 

Cash flow from operations was 143 million for the quarter. 

Stock-based compensation was 42 million for the quarter, up from 34 million in Q4, as we had stock options issued for 
the new hires and the semi-annual grants, and the volatility portion of the binomial calculation has increased based on 
what is happening in the stock market. 

Other income dropped by 7 million quarter to quarter. This was a combination of several factors. The impact of the 
continuing weakness of the dollar on our foreign currency denominated liabilities resulted in foreign exchange losses of 
approximately 4 million in the quarter. Also, the lower cash balance and the lower interest rates drove down interest 
income. 

As we expected, the tax rate was 17% for the quarter. The lack of a renewal of the R&D tax credit will cause our tax 
rate to remain at this level until the renewal is passed. When it is passed, we would expect the tax rate to drop to the 13 
to 14% level. 

The end result was that GAAP EPS was $0.30 per share and non-GAAP was $0.36 per share. 

On the balance sheet, ending cash was $1.62 billion. We completed three acquisitions for cash during the quarter as 
well as paying the 150 million for the property and 124 million for stock repurchases. None of our marketable 
securities required any valuation adjustments. 

Our accounts receivable ended at 652 million, down 15 million from the prior quarter, and DSO was 51 days, up from 
50 days in the fourth quarter. There are no issues of delinquent receivables. 


Inventories were 420 million, up 62 million from Q4, as we built inventory of new products both announced and 
unannounced. The older inventory declined as we had expected. The result is that days sales in inventory ended the 
quarter at 60 days, which is more than the last two quarters of DSI of less than 50 days. These inventory levels are in 
line with our DSI targets. 

Net property, plant, and equipment increased by 162 million, which included 150 million for the property purchase that 
I mentioned earlier. 

Both accounts payable and accrued liabilities decreased for the quarter, and the total decrease was 91 million. 

On the outlook, Q2's revenue was historically the most difficult to forecast. In the past, we have been surprised both 
favorably, as in last year, and unfavorably, as in five years ago. Having said that, we have no reason to believe that Q2 
will be anything other than seasonal. Seasonal to us means a decline of 5%, plus or minus. 

As I stated previously, we were disappointed in our gross margin for Q1, and we intend to correct some of the issues. 
Therefore, I would expect that gross margin will increase and while the exact magnitude may be difficult to predict, 
something in the 100 basis point range is not unreasonable. 

Operating expenses stepped up in Q1 as a consequence of the acquisitions, new hires, and other reasons. As I've said 
before, we intend to moderate any increases going forward. Therefore, operating expenses for Q2 should be flat to very 
slightly up. We will still be hiring, but the rate will moderate, and other expenses will decrease. The result should be 
flat to slightly up. 

Other income should recover in Q2 unless the dollar continues to weaken. If it is stable, other income will be up in Q2. 
The tax rate should stay at 17% until the R&D tax credit is renewed. I don't expect that to happen in Q2. 

With that, I'll turn it back over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Marv. The transition from G80 to G92 was challenging and dragged our margins. Every few generations, 
because of how our new products are aligned with process nodes, a new GPU is both faster and cheaper. As a result, it 
is difficult to move the stack down to layer the new GPU on top of the stack. This was the case in the G80 to G92 
transition. G92 was both lower cost and higher performance than G80, so therefore, repositioning G80 while ramping 
G92 aggressively forced us to sell our G80s at lower margins. Going forward, although we still have some G80 
inventory to work through, we believe we are in an excellent competitive position. We are also launching new and 
exciting products in Q2, and the move across the board to 55-nanometer is expected to help margins. 

At our Analyst Day in April, I outlined NVIDIA's basic strategies. One, focus on visual computing and be the 
unambiguous world leader. Two, continue to create GPU, software, or system architecture innovations that deliver the 
wonderful user experiences that we are famous for. And three, make the GPU ever more programmable and more 
useful for general purpose computing. 

Our strategy is driving growth in several ways. Our innovations are growing TAM and driving share in the visual 
computing centric markets like gaming PCs and workstations. We are also seeing increasing ASPs as more of the total 
system spend is shifting to the GPU. We're seeing this trend all over the world. We call this the Optimized PC Design 
movement, where OEMs are rebalancing their system spend to optimize performance for applications that are 
increasingly visual. 

As GPUs become more programmable and general purpose and are now used to enhance photo and video processing, 
we are starting to see growth from broad adoption of GPUs in mainstream consumer PCs. Consumers now use their 
PCs to create and enjoy their home movies and photos. They use their PCs to watch high-definition movies, gather with 
friends and hang out in an online virtual world, or enjoy some crazy videos on YouTube. And at the home base of your 
iPod, many are using the PC to convert movies into a format that can be played on their iPods. This is called 


transcoding. We call this new generation of consumer PCs lifestyle PCs. This segment of the PC market is one of the 
fastest growing, as we can see by the success of Apple and Adobe. This new PC segment is a growth segment for 
GPUs. 

The GPU's ability to manipulate images, video, and graphics dramatically enhances the computing experience. And as 
we recently demonstrated at our Analyst Day, the GPU can speed up transcoding, one of the most processor intensive 
applications, by nearly 20 times. 

The marketplace is clearly bifurcating into generic PCs and those that are built for specific needs of the users. PC 
manufacturers worldwide are no longer designing PCs based simply on their speeds and feeds, but with a total user 
experience in mind. As for large segments in the marketplace like CAD workstations, gaming PCs, video editing, video 
photo editing workstations for creative professionals, media centers and now lifestyle PCs, the visual experience is 
front and center and cannot be compromised. 

Globally, we see the movement towards usage-optimized PC design taking hold and increasing momentum. Here are 
some quotes from the press around the world. Here in the United States, Popular Science: "But in some cases, the GPU 
makes a big difference. 3D video games are a given, but intensive graphics are creeping into many other applications." 

Computer Resellers News in India: "Are graphics chips the better CPUs? More and more experts support this thesis. 
Many system builders supposedly recognize the trend already and would assemble PCs with better GPUs because the 
CPU is losing its importance, while the meaning of the GPU is increasing continuously." 

Vlast Dinta, Poland: "When creating optimal PC set, it's totally pointless to equip your computer with expensive CPU 
and add integrated or slow graphics solutions. You should do the other way around. Install inexpensive dual-core CPU 
and support it with more expensive GPU. 

Morden a Tour Individuo (My daughter should be happy about me speaking French.) France: "It is true that since the 
PC has existed, only the processors seem to be important, to the point of often giving its name to the computer. But 
we're now in the era of the visual PC. All applications starting with Windows Vista and the Aero interface exploit in an 
intensive way the graphics capabilities of the machines, no longer using the CPU, but the GPU." 

The growth of GPUs reflect these market dynamics and a new conventional wisdom. As I mentioned earlier, our 
desktop and notebook GPU units grew 42% year over year, and our GPU ASPs increased 10% from a year ago. 

In addition to visual computing driving our GPU growth, we have a new growth driver with the invention of CUDA. It 
is important to understand that CUDA is not in just any GPU. CUDA is a C-programmable general purpose computing 
mode, available only in our GPUs, from GeForce 8 and beyond. In the CUDA mode, our GPUs transform and 
reconfigure shader processors into a many-core parallel computing processor. For example, the GeForce 9800 GT has 
128 processor cores. CUDA enables a new parallel computing model that the industry calls heterogeneous multi-core 
computing, where the vastly different architectures of the CPU and GPU are used in a collaborative way to achieve 
huge speed-ups in computing. 

CUDA has raised the attention of programmers and researchers all over the world. Since its launch, over 60,000 
downloads of the compiler, over 10,000 per month, have been downloaded by software developers, scientists, students, 
game developers, and researchers around the world that have started programming with CUDA. We recently 

released beta version of CUDA 2.0 and for the Mac. 

We are constantly seeing reports of astounding application speed-ups. We are routinely seeing 20 to 200 times 
speed-up over multi-core CPU alone. Chevron has shown excellent performance using GPUs for computing in oil and 
gas exploration. Jack Collins, from the National Cancer Institute, recently reported excellent results on AutoDock, a 
key application in cancer drug discovery. Gauda and Nascentric announced EDA tools using GPU for computing 
optical proximity correction, or OPC, and Spice modeling for design. CEA, the French Atomic Energy Authority, and 
Bull released news of a design win in supercomputing using NVIDIA GPUs. 


Last week we announced our sponsorship of Stanford University's new Pervasive Parallelism Lab, or PPL. The PPL 
will develop new techniques, tools, and training materials to allow software engineers to harness the parallelism of 
heterogeneous multi-core computing. Stanford now joins the growing list of prestigious research programs including 
the Universal Parallel Computing Research Center, UPCRC, both at Berkeley and the University of Illinois at 
Urbana-Champaign, each designed to accelerate developments in mainstream parallel computing. We see computer 
scientists all over the world jumping into heterogeneous multi-core computing research. 

As the world's leading supplier of GPUs, we are in truly exciting times. The new sensibility of OEMs optimizing PCs 
for visually rich applications is driving GPU adoption and spend. And with CUDA, we have transformed our GPU into 
a general purpose parallel processor at precisely the time when the CPU performance improvement is slowing and the 
industry is moving full force to parallel computing. We believe the GPU will be the most important processor of this 
new era and will be a major driving force of visual computing and parallel computing revolution. 

We're happy to take your questions now. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Operator, we can take questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Quinn Bolton from Needham & Company. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Quinn Bolton>: Hi guys. I was just wondering on the gross margin, it sounds like it's just some transitional 
issues, but you had mentioned some new products that you built up in inventory. And as you look forward into the July 
and future quarters, can you talk about as you roll out these new products, is the architecture similar, different? What 
can we be expecting about gross margin with some of these new products that you're building up in inventory? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are not ready to announce any new products yet, but the gross margins of the new 
products are better than the gross margins of existing products. 

<Q - Quinn Bolton>: Okay. So think about it as more transitions that as you introduce on your products, they tend to 
carry the higher than corporate gross margins? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. 

<Q - Quinn Bolton>: Okay, great. Then as you look into the second quarter, can you just talk about linearity of orders 
that you've seen over the past month or two that gives you the sense that Q2 looks seasonal at this point? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I guess I'm trying to figure out – we haven't seen Q2 yet. We're still going through Q2. And 
Q2 is a seasonal quarter for the industry, on the one hand. On the other hand, this is also the quarter that we sometimes, 
out of the last several years, we have many times announced new products during Q2 as we go into the back-to-school 
season. And so you know the back-to-school season starts I guess around late May and June and ramps pretty hard into 
July, and our fiscal quarter ends at the end of July, and so it includes July. And so that tends to balance each other, so 
it's hard to exactly tell how Q2 will turn out because it just happens to be a seasonal quarter. But we have the benefit of 
new products, and we have the benefit of back-to-school typically. And so we'll report on Q2 when we're done with it. 

<Q - Quinn Bolton>: Okay, and possibly any comments on how you feel inventory in the channel is, especially on 
some of the older products ahead of these product transitions you just mentioned? Do you feel pretty comfortable with 
where inventory is? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The products that we're going to announce in Q2, there are no products – we're done with our 
product transitions in Q1, and so the products in Q2 will layer into the existing product line. 

<Q - Quinn Bolton>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Quinn. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda from Deutsche Bank Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thank you. Question for either Jen-Hsun or Marv, when do you expect significant revenues 
from your Tesla product and the application processor product? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would think significant, I guess, later this year. Those design wins tend to be a lot longer, 
Tesla, because they go into servers and supercomputers and scientific computing applications or desktop workstations, 
so they tend to have a longer design cycle. We're seeing a lot of enthusiasm out there, but it just takes a little longer. 
And then as you know application processors definitely take longer. Their design cycles are consistent with the design 
of the device itself. So we're really enthusiastic about both of them and they have been wonderful investments for us 
and I think they are going pay off wonderfully and so we just have to wait until the end of the year. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. One other question about the CUDA platform, could you help us understand 
what portion of the computing market if you include both PC as well as high performance computing is open to the 
heterogeneous computing model that you are recommending and maybe it's difficult to give an exact number but how 
should we think about how big that market can be? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think that's a good question. I happen to think that within the next 5 to 10 years, no longer 
than 10 years and probably around 5 years, heterogeneous multi-core computing will be the way of computing for all 
computers, whether it's video processing or image processing; whether it's in the area of games obviously for graphics 
but more importantly, in the future for simulation, physics simulation, artificial intelligence simulation. 

You've been hearing about how the expense of creating content continues to go up. The reason for that is because these 
worlds are more and more expansive and it's hard for artists to create the entire world. And so just like movies, movies 
use simulators for cloth simulation. Otherwise, they would have to animate all of the clothes that the actors wear, or 
hair simulation or, in large crowds, they use crowd simulators, which is basically a form of artificial intelligence. And 
so we're going to see more and more simulations as a way of creating content in online games, in virtual worlds, in 
video games and, of course, in the area of mainstream users. You know that video games isn't really a mainstream 
application anymore. But in the area of photos and videos, you're going to see a lot of computational techniques starting 
later this year from some very important applications. So I ought not to preannounce some of their exciting products, 
but consumer applications, lifestyle applications are going to start showing – using GPUs in some really, really exciting 
ways. 

So I think heterogeneous computing is the future. It is obvious that it's using the right tool to do the right job, and 
there's no reason why heterogeneous computing can't be available to everybody. We've shipped 60 million CUDA 
GPUs already and we're on track to ship 100 – 150 million GPUs a year, and in a couple, two, three years, that's several 
hundred million PCs will have heterogeneous computing in it. So I think it's a foregone conclusion that heterogeneous 
computing is here. The question now is what are the exciting applications that are going to come. 

Now, just one more comment; in the last 20 years that I've been in the computer industry, the CPU or the computer has 
improved in performance a staggering 1,000 times. It's a staggering 1,000 times. And that's clearly one of the most 
aggressive improvements in performance of any technology or anything that humanity has ever seen. Yet CUDA, in the 
hands of all these 60,000 software engineers around the world and it's easy for you to find applications and reports of 
CUDA applications written, people are seeing 20, 50, 100, 200, 300 times speed-up. In just one year, we've helped the 
computer improve its performance by 100 times. That kind of a step up and that kind of a discontinuity in performance, 


computing performance, has just never happened. And so that's the reason why Stanford and Berkeley and UIUC and 
just about every supercomputing center on the planet and scientists all over the world and software engineers in all the 
major software companies that you and I both know are all looking into heterogeneous multi-core computing. I think 
this is clearly the future. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Last question, Jen-Hsun. Maybe a little difficult to answer in a public forum, but in the past, 
you haven't been too shy. Your best friends in Santa Clara, have any of their actions, public talk, et cetera, affected 
either pricing or any success or future potential of the chipset business? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think any dialogue around GPUs is welcome for me. I would love to have Good Morning 
America cover GPUs. If any city, Santa Clara, Toronto, Austin, any city who would like to have a dialogue around the 
importance of heterogeneous computing, GPUs, and what we can do as an industry to advance computing, it's a 
welcome conversation. So I think all of that conversation around GPUs and graphics is all good for us. I welcome all of 
it. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thanks Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes; thanks, Arnab. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gary Mobley from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gary Mobley>: Hi, guys. I had a couple of questions relating to balance sheet items. Are there any troublesome 
production lead times still out there? And your inventory turns are still above the historical norm of five to six. I'm just 
curious whether we might see a continued rise in the NVIDIA held inventory. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Our days sales in inventory are 60, and that's where I had hoped to get it because when it's 
down at 50 or below, that's too little inventory. So once you have it at 60, the real issue is what is in the inventory. Is it 
old stuff that's moving slowly or is it new stuff where you don't have enough of it? And I would say at this stage that 
I'm very comfortable with the inventory, both the profile and the amount of it. Are we going to build inventory? Yes, I 
think we'll build inventory as we go into Q3 and Q4, and with the expectation that revenue usually increases 
significantly in Q3 and Q4. So I wouldn't have any trouble at all with building inventory in Q2, providing it's the right 
inventory. 

<Q - Gary Mobley>: Okay. Production lead times, are there any issues still there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're still growing as a company, so production lead times continue to be a challenge for us. 
But our fab partners are working hard for us, and they are doing their best for us. But you heard me say that our GPUs 
and GPUs, just so you know, are the most complex -recognized now as the most complex processors the world makes. 
We ship 100 million a year, so we make it look easy. But it is the largest pieces of silicon that anybody makes, period. 
And so when I said that we grew our GPU units 50% year over year... 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: 42. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: ...42% year over year, that's a very large number. I know that none of the foundries grew 
42% year over year, and I know that the PC industry didn't grow 42% year over year. And so you can just imagine our 
wafer starts. And so our fab partners are really working hard for us. I would love to grow another 50% year over year 
and there's certainly every opportunity for us to do that. And our fab partners just have to – they all have to pitch in and 
help us get there. 

<Q - Gary Mobley>: Lastly, could you provide some comment on the consumer business, the ebbs and flows going on 
there with the different components of that revenue? And might we see some stabilization in this business going 
forward? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think stabilization and consumer businesses are, that's probably a – what do they call it, an 
oxymoron, jumbo shrimp? That's the nature of the consumer business. And the thing that I do know is this; that PS3s 
are doing great. The Blu-ray/HD war is over. The PS3 is benefiting from both second generation titles. They're 
benefiting from first-party titles that are coming out in the near future. That's going to be pretty hot. And they have 
Blu-ray. If you don't know this, you should go get one. It's pretty affordable. PS3 is the world's best Blu-ray player, 
period, flat out. It's just a fabulous Blu-ray player. And so I think PS3s are going to do great. They're in the process of 
transitioning to a new process node, and so we're looking forward to how they ramp into the holiday season. 

<Q - Gary Mobley>: Thanks guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Thanks a lot, Gary. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Hi, good afternoon. Could you maybe within the desktop GPU segment comment on your 
expectations for Q2 in terms of pricing and whether or not you've seen any incremental pricing actions by some of your 
competitors there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's hard to exactly predict what happens in the short term, but I know what the general trends 
are. The general trends are the GPU is benefiting from an industry-wide recognition that visual computing is important. 
The GPU is doing more and more things because it's more and more programmable. And with CUDA, we've made the 
GPU a completely general purpose parallel processor. And so these things will cause it to be adopted more, and 
therefore that will increase units. It will increase its TAM, places that you would have never thought a GPU would go 
would include a GPU. And it would also increase its ASP because it's more and more useful. So we're seeing all of 
those mega-trends. And so I think that with respect to Q2, we know we're announcing new products, and so that's 
always helpful. But I can't control what the competition does. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay, that's helpful. And then secondly, on the R&D spending, Marv, do you expect that you 
can hold that to roughly flattish levels from Q2 and then through the rest of the year? Or, do you expect that would tick 
up a little bit as we move into the back half? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I think if we continue to hire, it's going to tick up in the back half. I mean, we have a very 
strong focus on trying to hold it as flat as possible in Q2. I think at the Analyst Day, I said the same thing, so our focus 
now is holding it flat for Q2. We'll see how successful we are. I would think it will tick up slightly, as I said before. I 
think we'll moderate the growth throughout the rest of the year. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, James. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: Hi, this is Peter Karazeris for Glen Yeung. In the guidance for gross margin being up 100 
basis points next quarter, can you give me some sense of how much of that is your thinking on the improvement from 
manufacturing and how much of it would be coming from product mix? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: 100 basis points should be – we can do a lot better in terms of the manufacturing side, so I 
think that we don't need significant uplift in other areas in order to achieve the 100 basis point increase. What we do 
need is really superb execution internally. We're going to have to work very hard for that to happen. 


<Q - Peter Karazeris>: So the 100 is really driven by – it's correct for me to say it's driven primarily by the 
improvement in manufacturing. Any mix would be upside to that. Is that correct? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yes, probably. We'll see. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: And SG&A, should I assume that more closely tracks revenue? You've given us some detail 
around R&D spend, but should I be thinking that SG&A then next quarter could be down a bit with the revenue and 
then it comes up in the second half of the year? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Our OpEx is not closely tied to revenue. It's closely tied to the number of people we have and 
the projects we have going on. So if revenue goes up or declines, our SG&A doesn't track right along with it. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We won't give everybody a salary reduction. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, I think they're independent movements. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: All right, thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tayyib Shah from Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Hi, guys. Jen-Hsun, you are guiding to revenues in line with historical seasonality for PC space. 
With the 9000 series ramping, it puts you in a strong competitive position in the desktop space. Do you expect to gain 
some share in the back-to-school season? And if so, shouldn't you be guiding above historical seasonality? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Did I mention Q2? I think we've got to treat Q2 with respect. I think you're right that we have 
a very strong, a very good competitive position. We have fabulous products, top to bottom. And we're also announcing 
several new initiatives that you guys heard about at Analyst Day. One of the things is, the modern benchmark is out. 
We have been using – the benchmark that the industry has been using has been around since 2006. And in graphics 
years, that's – wow, that's a long time. So the new benchmark is out. It's called 3DMark Vantage, and it's a modern 
benchmark. Because our GPUs, our modern GPUs are designed for modern applications, you would think that our 
position on the 3DMark Vantage should be extraordinary, and it is. So that's one thing, and that's in the process of 
rolling out. The market doesn't really know it yet, and I think you could see some early websites, go see some – you 
might just be able to Google it and find some reviews, and you'll see that the reviews are really fabulous with GeForce 
8 and GeForce 9. So that's one. 

The second thing is we are going to announce this quarter probably the highest volume parallel computing application 
or software in the world, and that's physics processing. It's used in almost every modern game, and it is one of the most 
computationally intensive things that you can do in a game. And it now runs on CUDA, on GeForce GPUs. Then we're 
going to add on top of that hopefully, we'll go into production later on in the quarter, our transcoding. It is probably the 
killer app today with the number of iPods that are being sold and iPhones that are being sold. People are downloading a 
lot of videos onto their portable media players, and the transcoding of videos takes forever. You have to start it up at 
night and give up your PC and go to bed and hope that it's done before you wake up. And so we're going to accelerate 
the transcoding of movies to what is called Super Real Time. It's much, much faster than it takes for you to watch it. So 
I think transcoding is just going to – people are going to be nuts over the work that we're doing in this area. So not only 
do we have a fabulous position with our GPU lineup, but we're adding three major things to it this quarter. And I think 
that that can't but help. But having said all that, I think we ought to show Q2 its due respect. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Okay. And then the share shift in the notebook space – is that going to play out in the July quarter 
and then return the company to a normal seasonal trend in October quarter? Or are we likely to see a drag from 
notebook share shift in the October quarter as well? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: It will certainly play out in Q2. You'll see that share shift start to take place in Q2. There will 
be a little bit of drag in Q3. But the major portion of it is in Q2. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think it's all important to keep it all in perspective. I think first of all, the notebook GPU 
business is a lot smaller than the desktop GPU business and the market share that we lost is mostly in the entry level 
segment. And so it's a small percentage of a small percentage. And so I'd just put it in perspective. I think in the final 
analysis, we like to have all the business in the world, but sometimes the profitability doesn't suggest that it would be 
the most prudent thing to do. So we're going to keep fighting for our share. But I'd urge you to keep that in perspective. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Tayyib. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike McConnell from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thank you. Marv, if we look at the – I'm just a little surprised at the commentary on the 
margin guidance, just with respect to the entire benefit being from manufacturing. I guess if I looked at your Q1, you 
did have some favorable mix in the sense that workstation being up 21%. That's a 70% gross margin business. And 
then your memory was down 20%, yet you were light on margins, as you alluded to. So as we move into July, is there 
going to be another element that's going to be really helping the margin because I can't imagine that we're going to have 
the same favorable mix on those two product segments carrying into July. And then as we – is it just a matter of getting 

– you've gotten through the excess inventory in the GeForce 8X family and now you're going to have new products as 
well ramping. So the GPU margins should also improve on top of that manufacturing improvement? Any color there 
would be helpful. 
<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yes, Jen-Hsun outlined this. The G80 to G92 transition has been difficult for us and has 
certainly impacted the GPU margins. As I mentioned, the overall GPU margins were down two percentage points 
quarter to quarter. Now, that's a combination of both of those factors. But what I was referring to is that you're going to 
get the benefit of one of those because you don't have to repeat them. The other one of the manufacturing 
improvements that we have to do is going to drive the other portion of it. So yes, I anticipate that we won't get the lift 
that we got from the PSB business unit in Q1, and we won't get perhaps the lift in some other areas. But even taking 
that into consideration, we still believe that 100 basis points is reasonable. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Michael, I think just to help amplify that, and Marv and I both talked about it. But let me just 
add a fine point to our review. Typically, when you introduce a new product, it's either more expensive, but it's much 
higher performance. Or another way of saying it, it's much higher performance, but it typically is higher cost. Or, you 
introduce a product that goes into the midrange or the entry segment and it's lower performance, but it's definitely 
lower cost. And so those are the typical product transitions, I mean typical as in out of every nine product transitions – 
out of every 10 transitions, nine will be that way. 

But every so often, the moon and the stars and everything align, and you get a situation like the G80 to G92, where G92 
is both faster and cheaper. It's a combination of both process improvement and also the midlife kicker syndrome in the 
sense that, G80 was the first implementation of that CUDA architecture. So G92 had the benefit of learning from big 
brother, and we've fixed a lot of the architectural things that we left on the table. So G92 has that added kicker. So 
when you're presented with a situation where something is cheaper and higher performance, it's really tough to manage 
through the transition. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: And I guess how much of what occurred with the G92 – was this more of a function – we 
had, obviously, some manufacturing constraints in late fiscal 2008. I mean were the forecasts just overly optimistic, or 
was there maybe an air pocket of soft demand as we went through April? Any comments there, please? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We were in allocation on G80 – holy cow – until the day we had a bunch of inventory left to 
sell at a lower margin. So part of it is the cycle times aggravate that. Part of it is seasonality, and a large part of it is 
G92. G92 was such a good product and you probably remember the reviews. G92 when it came out – the reviews were, 


this is the perfect product because it was affordable and it was so high performance. So it's tough for G80 to compete 
against that, especially when the manufacturing was running full steam right when G92 came out. It's just hard to 
manage those kinds of transitions. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: And last thing, Jen-Hsun, with respect to these low-end notebooks that are coming into the 
market, if you talk to the channel, they're somewhat concerned about potentially desktop cannibalization accelerating 
this year. Intel has talked about actually their crossover occurring this year as opposed to next year. What does that 
mean for the GPU industry? Is that even a threat at all or do you feel comfortable with what you're doing with hybrid, 
the hybrid graphics technology, that over time your attach rate, the GPU attach rate in notebooks will continue to 
increase and this really isn't that much of a threat as some of the channel is making it out to be with their own business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: First of all, the crossover, be sure to understand what it actually says. As far as all the data 
shows, and certainly we did sell 40-plus percent more GPUs this year than last, so they are going somewhere. What the 
data shows is that desktop PC growth is small, but notebook PC growth is fast and notebook PC growth is mostly an 
extremely low-cost notebook growth. And so what it basically tells me, and my family is probably similar as other 
families, where people buy one or two desktop PCs but everybody has their own laptop. So I think that increasingly 
more and more families are that way. So we're seeing that basic trend that for every desktop PC, you might see one plus 
notebooks and that those notebooks will tend to be for personal use. But I think the mega-trend, though, that we are 
seeing – so that's one trend that you are recognizing, in that the notebooks – there are just more and more notebooks 
sold. 

But the second thing that you're noticing is that in the markets that we serve, there is increasingly -increased ASP and 
increased adoption of GPUs. We are not in the vast majority of the world's PCs yet. We still have a pretty large TAM to 
grow into. So within that TAM, I expect that the ASPs of GPUs will continue to grow as the usefulness of GPUs 
continue to grow and that as people recognize that their PCs are more visual than ever, they will use more GPUs. So I 
think the growth opportunity is still pretty healthy out there. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Mike. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line Shawn Webster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question, a couple on inventory. Did you guys 
write down inventory in Q1? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Shawn, we always write down inventory. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Beyond normal? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, it was normal. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, thank you. And on the channel inventories, can you describe how the inventories at 
your OEM and channel partners are looking right now? Is it normal, a little higher than normal, and maybe give some 
color on trends there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's higher than normal, but I think that during this time of the year, it tends to be higher than 
normal, and it's the opposite of saying – corollary of saying seasonality. But don't forget that this is also the time right 
before back-to-school season. So if you recall last year about this time, inventory grew in the channel. And then shortly 
after that, back-to-school ramps up, and then we went into June and July and back-to-school and before you know it, 
it's fall. 


<Q - Shawn Webster>: Right, so higher than last quarter, but not higher than what you would normally expect this 
time of year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't think so. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, and then as far as the guidance for Q2, the down 5%, if I'm reading my notes correctly, 
it looks like you've guided over the last three years for a flattish to slightly up for Q2. Is the visibility you have now less 
than normal? Are you trying to branch predict what's going on in notebook? What is making this year a little bit 
different from the last several years? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: First of all in notebooks, the share loss we've talked about in notebooks doesn't represent 5% 
of our top line, as I have already explained. I don't think there's – I feel like I'm the only person that's maybe watching 
CNBC, but there's no harm in a little caution in this Q2. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We are as nervous as the stock market. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I feel like maybe I just ran into another planet. But we have a great product position. We 
have a great product position, and we have really exciting products coming out, and there are two major trends that are 
happening that's going to drive GPU growth. One of them is visual computing, and the other one is parallel computing. 
They're not related. They're completely different things that are happening, and we find ourselves at the epicenter of 
both. So I'm excited about our growth prospects. But Q2 is Q2 and we ought to just – if we come out at the other end of 
it and surprise ourselves, so be it. But a little conservatism going into it is not a terrible thing. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heidi Poon from Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Heidi Poon>: Hi, guys. I'm wondering if you could give us an update about the motherboard GPU business in 
terms of where you see pricing going to in the second half. Also you announced the VIA platform on the Analyst day, 
so could you give us an update on the design activities? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see, Marv, you already mentioned about the MCP business, where we grew MCP 
business over 30% year over year... 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We were only down 4% quarter to quarter. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't know of any major reasons why the MCP business would change in terms of it's 
characteristics, and let me tell you why. I think the DX10, in order for you to be Vista Premium certified by Microsoft, 
you have to have DX10 capability, I think it's by August or something like that, I think it's either July or August. So 
DX10 – and the second thing is that the new benchmark is out. It is the benchmark that the entire PC industry, the 
entire supply chain uses to determine the worthiness of a product. So you need to have DX10 to have any meaningful 
capability on that benchmark. And so you have to put DX10 onto every GPU. My sense is that our leadership in DX10 
is going to be pretty substantial, and so we expect to bring that onto the motherboard in the near future, and so we're 
excited about that. So I think – I don't anticipate anything except that graphics will be harder and harder to do. Our 
separation relative to the rest of the industry in terms of graphics leadership, as you have been tracking and others have 
been tracking, is diverging. Our lead is increasing. The rate of our lead increase is increasing I think. And so I'm 
enthusiastic about the work that we're doing there. 

The VIA platform – we're still in design, and so it's a little bit too early to make any significant announcements. We're 
not planning to have production until spring next year. I think it highlights that the VIA processor is very good and it 
runs Vista Premium. It tells you that if you want a Vista Premium platform in a processor at less than $20 certainly, and 
soon, in another year or so, less than $10 with a sufficient GPU, we'll give you a great experience on Vista Premium. 
And so that tells you something about the future of computing. It's just the business shift, the first signs of it, that visual 


computing and computing can be done quite nicely in even very cost-effective solutions. 

<Q - Heidi Poon>: Great. And lastly, just a little bit more on mobile. When you talk about having more substantial 
revenue in mobile by the end of the year, is that mostly related to the portable navigation device platform win that you 
discussed at the Analyst Day or are there more things to explain? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have some interesting announcements that we'd like to make, and give me an opportunity 
to make those announcements properly, so just watch this spot. I think mobile computing, and you've seen the 
demonstrations of APX 2500. I mean, everybody I've shown it to, everybody who has seen it is just amazed at what 
capability you can put into a chip; a full computer that can fit on a chip that is smaller than the size of a dime. The 
entire computer, including the CPU and the GPU and the video encoder and decoder and high-definition video and the 
whole computer can fit on the surface smaller than a dime and so – and draw milliwatts. So imagine what you could 
build with something like that, and give us an opportunity to announce it properly and get you excited about it. 

<Q - Heidi Poon>: Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Heidi. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS Investment Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Can you hear me? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yes, Uche, go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Yes, thanks a lot, Marv. Question for you, Marv, if I look at PSB, how much of the revenue this 
quarter was already Tesla that was recognized for the quarter? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: First of all, the PSB revenue does not include Tesla. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, the second question is if I might just pull off on that, if I look at PSB, one would think that 
given all issues that's associated with financial services and advertising that may affect that revenue, but obviously that 
hasn't. Can you just talk me through a little bit more what is just driving the resilience of this business? Obviously, this 
has been a great business for you, both top line and margins. And also on the competitive front, are you seeing anything 
given that AMD talked about reviving or driving their FireGL brand? I don't think it's that significant, but if you can 
just say anything on the competitive front, Jen-Hsun, that would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Sure. At the highest level, the most important thing to recognize is that in every single 
industry, they are going digital. So where people used to use drafting boards and paper and pencil, they are going 
digital. Whether you're making comic books or designing buildings in China or designing the next airplane or car or 
whatever it is, everything is going digital. So I think that that's a perfectly conventional wisdom and observation. And 
as more and more of the digital – the pipeline can go digital because technology affords it to, we have to make 
technology good enough so that you could do more things in digital. 

Let me give you one example. We have to create amazing technologies in order to replace clay modeling of cars 
because it has to be so realistic that you no longer have to build the entire model. That saves millions of dollars. It cuts 
an enormous amount of time off the design cycle for these car designers, but it requires an enormous amount of 
technology. And so whenever we reach those plateaus with technologies like Quadro Plex or some of the work that 
we're doing with our Scene Graph, a lot of it has to do and software and multi-GPU scaling. They are all systems or 
system architecture or a software solution. When we can reach these new plateaus, all of a sudden we convert an entire 
pipeline, work pipeline that an industry has, into digital. And that increases the TAM of workstations. 

I think we're still very well into the early days of it, and the reason for that is because what all of these companies want 
to do, they want to visualize, they want to design, they want to simulate. To simulate the dropping of a cup or a toaster 


or a cell phone, simulate the electromagnetic emissions of a cell phone, simulate a car crashing, and doing all of that 
from the comfort of an engineer's desk and not have to share a supercomputer with people. Styling, showrooms; we're 
starting to see Quadros showing up in showrooms, so that you can pick your own color and choose your car. This is a 
new application. I have no idea how many showrooms there are all over the world, but every car company wants to do 
this now, put digital displays into showrooms. And their powerwalls are enormous, enormous amounts of technology. 
And I've just talked about the car industry; and then further, they want to do inventory management. They want to do 
training so that the mechanic can have interactive displays of the manuals instead of out-of-date prints. There are so 
many different ways that visual computing can still transform the industrial workflow. And so we're really just seeing 
the beginning of it. 

And then, once you are done transforming the workflow, then you have to duplicate it. Don't forget outsourcing. 
Whenever you have a German company, an auto company has a manufacturing plant in Asia and then they put one in 
India, guess what? They've got to install the same workflow in those two countries. You could make the data virtual, 
but you can't make the computer virtual yet. So there's still that globalization factor. And so there's quite a bit of growth 
yet, I think in PSB and I'm enthusiastic about our position within it. 

With respect to FireGL, our workstation business is not called the GPU business, as you probably noticed. You called it 
PSB. It's a solutions business. And a solutions business entails a lot more than building a chip. It's about understanding 
the processor, having an extraordinarily deep understanding of the software and the workflow and the pipeline, having 
experts all over our company and all over the world for our company who are assisting these designers work through 
their design pipeline, design problems. So it's a – and our entire ecosystem of partners where Quadro certification and 
being Quadro compatible is now the way people talk – I want Quadro-compatible workstation, or my software is 
Quadro compatible, or this workflow is Quadro compatible. And so, these investments took us 10 years to get here. 
And it's just not about a graphics chip. It's not about an add-in card. It's not about how big your frame buffer is. All of 
that just shows that people don't understand how these designers think. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right. Okay, that's helpful, Jen-Hsun. It's amazing this business can continue to defy and still 
shoot for strong organic growth. In terms of your ability to allocate capacity to keep driving this business, do you think 
there is any constraint in the future from a capacity standpoint that could become an issue, especially if you had to 
balance this against your G92 series that's ramping as well? So are there any capacity constraint issues to think about 
for the near term? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm not sure I understood the question. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: PSB business? Is that what you're asking? 

<Q - Uche Orji>: I'm asking because given the strength of the underlying growth in this business, are there – because I 
remember a couple of quarters ago where you had to make some decisions in terms of allocating resources capacity to 
PSB, and that bounced back. If I look forward in the future, do you think that there is enough foundry capacity to keep 
driving the underlying growth in this business along with your other businesses also, especially on the G92 that's 
ramping? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I see. The PSB business is not a – when I heard capacity, I was surprised by that because in 
terms of total units, it's not insignificant; it's very large. We ship more Quadro solutions in one year than all of the other 
workstation companies in the history of workstations ever shipped, so it is a large number. However, in the totality of 
all of our units shipped, it would never get in the way. The only thing that, when you said capacity, that comes to mind 
for me, was intellectual capacity business. This is an intellectual capacity business. And I would love to have 100% 
more people who understand this business and have the skill sets of the people that are in that business instantaneously 
tomorrow. So if you find those people, let me know right away. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, that's great. Thank you very much, Jen-Hsun. Thanks for the time. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Uche. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you. Can you hear me? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Tim; yes. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Hey guys, just in the April quarter, you obviously had very robust sequential strength in 
workstations, and I was wondering if you could give any color on how – what had driven that sequential uptick. And 
then as you go into the July quarter, do you have any color on how you would expect some of the different segments to 
look? Or do you think it's going to be fairly even in terms of the 5% seasonal decline between the core units? And then 
lastly for Marv, I was wondering if you could just remind us how you've perceived normal seasonality for the back half 
of the year and what you think – how you think that may shape within the current macro context? Thank you. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I don't think there was any one particular segment of the workstation business that drove the 
growth quarter to quarter. I think it was across the board. They did well in all kinds of areas in Q1. Jen-Hsun, do you 
have any comment about that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The only thing that I would say about our workstation and our Professional Solutions 
business is it has exceeded everybody's expectations, and it's still growing. I think that we're not following any market 
research in terms of the size of the market. We are beyond market research. I think that there's – when you're the 
market leader and you've grown the market as large as it has ever been and yet you still see headroom for growth, you 
just never know how big it's going to be. Our customers don't know how big it's going to be. Many of our salespeople 
don't know how big it's going to be, and you just have to go back to first principles I think to figure out how big it's 
going to be. 

So I think it's not really that easy to predict what PSB will do this year or next quarter. But we just have to look at the 
underlying foundations of what makes the PSB business grow and what that business is all about, and you'll see the 
significant opportunities ahead of it. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Any other segment color for July; it sounds like you are saying that notebooks will be slightly 
towards the lower end of any guidance – and desktops; any color on notebooks or workstations for July? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I think that notebook as it makes the transition to Montevina, will probably decline more than 
corporate, so we outlined a 5%. It's probably going to decline more than that. I mean that... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Just to make sure, that's not because of share. That's just a transition thing. Everybody's 
notebook business is in this transition going to be slightly down. But in terms of stabilized share, you just don't want to 
communicate that it's going to be off by so much. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, it's a transition quarter. So I think that's the color for notebook. I think the big swing factor 
that you have no idea on or great difficulty in projecting is what happens in desktop. We have some new product in 
there which could surprise us, both in strength, and we'll see as we go through the quarter. I don't think that in our 
projections we're expecting huge growth in anything, but also not huge declines. I guess it's more what we'd call 
seasonal. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: And what about second half seasonality? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: The normal seasonality that we see after I'll call it the 5% decline in Q2 is 10% plus growth in 
Q3. That's what normally happens. We've had many years of 20% quarter to quarter. So it's 10% plus. And then you go 
into Q4, and it's slightly up from Q3, single digits. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Do you feel you wouldn't get that this time? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There's no way to know. 


<A - Marvin Burkett>: You tell me what's going to happen to the consumer worldwide. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Fine, but as of now, you are planning for that fairly broad but normal seasonal range, or how should 
we think about framing expectations? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We have no reason to have any different plans this year. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: And margins, gross margin for the continuation of the year? How should we think about framing 
expectations for that after this weakness in the first quarter? You think you'll see steady improvement through the 
calendar year? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We'll talk to you in mid-August about Q3 margins. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: And lastly if I may, so you're saying channel inventory is slightly higher, and your inventory is – you 
would look to build some further inventory for the sequential improvement in the calendar third quarter? Is that 
correct? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Correct. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Excuse me. Lastly if I may, the ASPs in general, they seem to be solid this quarter. How do you 
generally see the framework for ASP through the calendar year; i.e., through this second quarter with the lower 
revenue? And how should we think about it, should we think about it being stable from here? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: ASPs have been stable to slightly up for years now. So if you look back over what Jen-Hsun 
has talked about, 10% growth in ASP year to year, I don't know why it would change. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: All right, that's excellent. Thank you very much guys. Good luck. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Thanks a lot, Tim. 

Operator 

Thank you. At this point, it's now my pleasure to turn the conference back over to Mr. Mike Hara. Please go ahead. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to reporting on our progress for Q2. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and ask 
that you please disconnect your line. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


