Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Company Representative 
• David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Alex Guana 
• Suji De Silva 
• Daniel Morris 
• Craig Berger 
• Daniel Berenbaum 
• Glen Yeung 
• James Schneider 
• Doug Freedman 
• Nicholas Aberle 
• Arnab Chanda 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Company Representative 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations 
website and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until February 24, 
2010, and the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our first 
quarter fiscal 2011. 

The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed without our prior 
written consent. During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results 
may differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer 
to the disclosure in today's earnings release, our form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended October 25, 2009 and the reports 
on form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All of our statements are made as of today, February 17, 2010, based on information available to us today, and except 
as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all references to 
research, market and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

During this call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release which is posted on our website. 

One final note: we have announced the date of our financial analyst day, which is set for April 7. With that, let's begin. 

GPU demand increased throughout the quarter with GeForce and Quadro revenues growing a combined 22% quarter on 
quarter, and 97% over the same quarter a year ago. We were supply constrained from the beginning to the end of the 
quarter and expect the condition to persist. 


We continue to invest to drive market growth and share gain. NVIDIA innovates around the basic PC platform to create 
differentiated solutions and experiences. Adding GeForce gives the PC great graphics for video games and multimedia. 
Quadro transforms the PC into a work station for designers. Adding Tesla turns a PC server into a super computer. Ion 
brings snappy graphics and multimedia to netbooks. And Tegra is fueling the mobile computing revolution. 

Each of our product lines enable a rich experience through architecture and ever-growing composition of software. 
Momentum for Tesla and CUDA continues at a strong pace ahead of the new Tesla 20. 

In November, CSIRO, Australia's premier super computer center, officially opened the GPU super computing cluster. 
Researchers in Australia will use GPUs to address emerging scientific challenges in astronomy, medical imaging and 
water resource management. The Tesla group also had its biggest show of the year this quarter at Supercomputing '09. 
The most significant news of Supercomputing '09 was the GPU cluster in Japan that won the prestigious Gordon Bell 
Award. 

In the category of price performance, a team led by Tsuyoshi Hamada of Nagasaki University, in collaboration with the 
researchers at the University of Bristol and RIKEN, conducted simulations used to study the evolution of star clusters 
with unprecedented efficiency. Supercomputing '09 was not a GPU conference. Yet 12% of the papers presented and 
half of the posters used GPUs. 75 booths, which is one out of four, featured CUDA compared to 33 booths and one 
booth at SC08 and SC07, respectively. 

HPCwire Readers' and Editor's Choice awards were presented at the conference, and NVIDIA received an 
unprecedented five awards. There are now approximately 3,500 CUDA citations on Google Scholar, nearly a thousand 
CUDA videos YouTube and a thousand applications featured on CUDA Zone. Over 300 universities now teach CUDA, 
up from 40 just 18 months ago. That's a new university teaching CUDA every other day. 

For notebook PCs, users face an impossible choice between performance and battery life. GPUs give the PC great 
graphics and snappiness but consume more power. That's why we've invented Optimus, a powerful combination of 
software and hardware innovation that provides the performance of discrete graphics while still delivering great battery 
life. 

Unlike earlier attempts at hybrid solutions, Optimus is seamless and transparent to the user. Notebookcheck reported: 
"We are excited about Optimus. Switchable graphic solutions will finally grow up and offer to end users in all laptop 
classes distinct advantages." Engadget stated: "We've always thought switchable graphics made a lot of sense on 
laptops. And NVIDIA's new Optimus technology looks like it's going to bring it to the mainstream in a serious way." 

Seven models are available now, and we expect more than 50 systems will be available by summer. Optimus is 
unprecedented and unique to NVIDIA. We believe Optimus has the potential to expand the overall footprint for 
discrete GPUs by increasing the GPU attach rate in the notebook segment. 

Mobile computing will be the next personal computer revolution and is just at the beginning. This was clearly evident 
at this year's Consumer Electronics Show. The undeniable trend with computing is surely smaller and more mobile. 

CES was the coming-out event for tablets and the perfect venue for us to unveil our next generation Tegra mobile 
processor. It is the world's first processor for the mobile Web, specifically designed for the hybrid solution needs of 
tablets. Tegra combines lightning quick browsing, streaming 1080p video and Flash 10.1 acceleration, with an 
immersive 3D user interface and days of battery life. The combination gives tablets access to the whole Web just as if 
you were at your desk. 

The entire Internet is an app store when you have a native Web experience. Facebook alone is host to more than 
500,000 applications. An uncompromised browsing experience is what makes Tegra so disruptive. For the typical 
consumer, a Tegra tablet will meet all of their computing needs in a more convenient form factor that's instant on, 
always connected and offers days of battery life. 

OEMs and carriers alike are equally excited about the potential of the tablet platform. NVIDIA, Motorola and Verizon 
privately demonstrated streaming 1080p video highlighting the combined capabilities of Tegra and a Motorola 4G 
wireless modem operating over the Verizon LTE pre-commercial network. We have multiple next gen Tegra design 


wins in tablets, smart books and smart phones with the first of these expected to ship in Q2. 

3D Stereo was the other big story at CES. 3D Blu-ray was everywhere, and 3D TV is ubiquitous. ESPN announced the 
first 3D network. NVIDIA has been a pioneering force in 3D Stereo, and this was clear at the show where we took 3D 
Vision to the next level with 3D Vision Surround. 3D Vision Surround is the world's first consumer multi-display 3D 
solution. It allows users to span 3D content across three high-definition monitors or projectors for a truly breathtaking 
and immersive gaming experience. 

3D Vision is a great fit for high-end notebooks. ASUS launched its first 3D notebook at CES with more OEMs 
following suit in Q2. Over 420 games now support NVIDIA 3D Vision. SLI defined high-end gaming, and we believe 
that 3D Stereo will do it again. 

We are very excited about Q1. Fermi is in production, and we plan to launch many new GPU products in the coming 
months. But we'll save the details for later. With that, let me hand the call over to David. 

David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Q4 was another good quarter driven by an improving PC market and better mix. Revenue was $982.5 
million, above guidance and up 9% sequentially, marking the fourth consecutive quarter of strong results. GAAP gross 
margin was 44.7%, significantly higher than guidance. GAAP OpEx was $304.4 million, in line with guidance. And 
GAAP net income was $131.1 million, or $0.23 per diluted share. 

The core GPU business had another strong quarter. Within that, our desktop GPU business was up 19%, notebook was 
up 27%, and workstation graphics was up 25% in the quarter. Demand was strong, but we were again constrained by 
supply across the board. 

Gross margin improved sequentially as a result of several factors: cost reductions due to yield improvements and 
reduced waste, favorable mix from our professional business, better mix within the PC GPU business, and increased 
revenues. Inventories at the end of the quarter were up 19% to $330.7 million. Inventory days on hand was 60 at the 
end of the quarter. Inventory in the channel remains low at around five weeks. 

Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities at the end of the quarter were approximately $1.73 billion, up 
approximately $94 million from the third quarter. 

Our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2011: Revenue is expected to be flat, constrained by supply. GAAP gross 
margin is expected to be in the range of 44 to 45%. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be flat. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. And with that, we'll now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Alex Guana with JMP Securities. Please go ahead 
with your question. 

<Q - Alex Guana>: Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could clarify a little bit on your supply constraint 
statement for the first quarter. I'm assuming that means that you're going to see seasonality and legacy products, and 
you can't get enough of the new to offset it, or maybe wrap some color around that, please? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm trying to figure out the seasonality question. The seasonality in the PC industry, the Q1 is 
generally a down quarter. And if you take a look at – if you look at what most companies have guided, they've guided 
down sequentially. We're guiding flat, and if we had a sufficient supply to support the ramps of the products that we're 
going into production with right now, we would guide further up. 


Our company is currently in a growth phase. There's new products in many new markets, as well as going into a new 
product generation. And so – so there's a lot of different reasons why we're expecting to grow. And our suppliers are 
working as hard as they can for us, and their yields are improving. However, however, we remain constrained. 

<Q - Alex Guana>: Okay. If I could get a follow-up on your Optimus technology. When are you expecting that to 
ramp in force in the market, and where do you see the earliest adoption occurring? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Optimus is going to show up in notebooks. And it's designed for notebooks. And you should 
expect to see it starting to ship in the April timeframe. I think will be the first laptop. And then it will just start ramping 
about 50 models or so, and we're getting new models as we speak. And we'll ramp throughout the year. 

<Q - Alex Guana>: Okay. Thanks very much. Congratulations. Nice quarter. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks a lot, Alex. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Suji De Silva with Kaufman Brothers. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Thanks. Can you guys help us understand what the impact was in the quarter from the constraints 
and perhaps in the guidance as well, just to give a sense as – to understand where the 40 nanometer constraints come 
off at some point? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, it's hard to figure out exactly how much we're constrained by. It's probably on the order 
of 100 million, couple hundred million dollars. But the big picture is that 40 nanometer supply is constrained for the 
world. You know that the market snapped back a lot more quickly than people expected in the beginning of the year. 
And it surely appears that Windows 7 is doing very well. And I think it surely appears that on top of that that GPU 
adoption is increasing. 

People are – we've always believed that, as you know, but we think that more and more people are enjoying their PC 
experience with GPUs, and more and more PC manufacturers recognize the benefits of adding GPUs to their system. 
And so we're seeing a pretty strong demand across the board, whether it's desktop PCs or notebook PCs. We're seeing 
increased demand in our work station business, and on top of that we're in the process of ramping a new architecture 
called Fermi that everybody is really excited about. And Fermi is going to sweep across GeForce and our Quadro 
business and across our Tesla business. And so we just have a lot of growth drivers going right now, and we surely 
could use more supply. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Great. And then one other question on MCP. I know you're going to fold it into GPU going 
forward, but can you help us understand what the trajectory of that product by itself is, or should we not – should we 
think of it as more being truly folded into the GPU in terms of forward revenues? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let me make a comment, and then I'll have David make some comments. The first thing is 
that – the first thing is that GPU – MCP business was down quarter to quarter, and we're expecting it to grow quarter to 
quarter for Q1. And we're in the process of ramping what is internally code named MCP89, a 40 nanometer chipset, 
and we're really excited about that. And so next year the chipset business is going to do nicely for us. 

On top of that, we have created two new technologies that over time will supplement the MCP business that we're 
transitioning out of. One of them is called the Ion. Ion will do for netbooks what GeForce does for PCs. And we, today, 
had – I think Acer announced today – well, I'm pretty sure Acer announced today, at the Mobile World conference, our 
first second-generation Ion design win. 

And so my sense is that over time the netbook market will segment just as the PC market has. And there will be basic 
netbooks, based on Atom, and then there will be netbooks that are premium netbooks that are designed to deliver the 
best possible experience, and those people are calling Ion netbooks. And so if we can capture 10, 25% of that 
marketplace, a market that is currently 40 million units, and also the fastest growing segment of the PC industry, Ion 


should be a nice business for us. 

And then the second technology Mike was talking about earlier called Optimus is really a game changer for us, and it 
solves the single largest issue that has kept GPUs from growing further into the notebook marketplace, and that's power 
dissipation or battery life. And so Optimus allows us to now automatically completely invisibly from the user to switch 
off to completely zero power state and consume absolutely no power when it is not in use. And whenever the user uses 
an application that can benefit from a GPU, we instantly turn on, and the user never knows the difference. 

And so you now have the best of battery life as well as the benefits of a GPU, the performance of a GPU without any 
compromise. And so those two technologies I think not only will help us grow our opportunity in the marketplace and 
hopefully make up more than plenty of the MCP business that will decline a couple of years from now. Okay, David? 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Okay. That's it. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That's it. Thanks, Suji. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer & Company. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Hi guys, this is Dan Morris calling in for Rick. Thanks for taking my questions. Just on the 
gross margin, you've expanded it pretty nicely over the last few quarters. As I look at some of your new products, such 
as Tesla and Tegra potentially ramping over the next few quarters, it seems like you have a nice tailwind of mix. Could 
you just talk to us a little bit about expectations for gross margins and further opportunities for margin expansion? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the only thing I would add, Dan, is we don't typically give guidance out past the first 
quarter, but as we've talked about previously we expect our Quadro, our Tesla and Tegra business to become a greater 
part of our mix over time as those businesses ramp. Those three businesses all carry a gross margin that is above even 
our current corporate weighted average. And so as those products ramp and become a richer part of our mix we would 
expect to see further lift in our gross margins. And we've indicated in the past that we expect Tegra to ramp 
substantially in the second half of the year. We would reiterate our belief of that and hopefully with that we'd see some 
margin expansion with it. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Okay, great. And as a follow-up could you just talk about the pricing environment in GPU, and 
what happens in the second half assuming that 40 nanometer capacity issues abate? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, you're asking a question for a state of supply that we're all hoping for, which is when 
they abate. My sense is that supply will remain constrained for at least the first half of the year. And as we ramp further 
new products into the marketplace, I surely hope that the supply situation would be there to support it. 

In terms of pricing, we increasingly are shifting our focus towards products and markets where we have great 
differentiation. I mean if you look at the products that we offer today in the mass market, GeForce, for example, 
increasingly CUDA brings unique capabilities to it. We're the only supplier of 3D Stereo in the PC market and 3D 
Vision only works with GeForce. So we're increasingly developing capabilities that are very differentiated on top of 
our processor brands. And so hopefully those differentiations will be valued in the marketplace and accordingly reward 
us with a price premium over time. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: All right. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks a lot, Dan. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey guys, nice job on the results. Can you talk a little bit about attach rates for GPUs both in 
desktop and notebook, where were they, where are they, where do you think they can go? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't think this quarter the GPU attach rate changed substantially. 

<A>: Pretty flat. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And so I'll review the numbers again, but my last look at the numbers it was relatively stable. 
If anything, on the notebook side it increased slightly, is my recollection. And so, yeah, there you go. Okay. So on the – 
Chris just showed me some numbers. On the desktop side, they were flat and on the notebook side they were up about 
five points. 

And so my guess is that people are increasingly recognizing the importance of the GPU, and there are so many things 
that you do now that the GPU adds value to. And the video game market is obviously still very large. The online game 
market is very, very large. And people who are enjoying high definition movies on their PC or just want snappy 
graphics, where two processors simply does a better job than one, for their PCs, they are increasingly recognizing the 
benefits of PCs -- of GPUs. 

The other thing is that in the consumer market, the GPU attach rate is just much higher. And the consumer segment is 
really the fastest growing segment right now. And so our sense is that the GPU attach rate is going to continue to grow. 
The separation between the integrated graphics, whether it's on a chipset or on a CPU, integrated is integrated. That 
comparison to a discrete GPU is, in fact the technology is growing further and further apart. The GPU is in fact 
becoming more and more advanced relative to integrated graphics versus previous years. And so my sense is that this 
trend is going to continue. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you for pre-empting my follow-up, so I'll ask another one, which is I guess for David. 
How do you see operating expenses tracking over the rest of this year, just generally? Should it be sloping up? Are you 
guys going to be increasing your investment levels? Any color there would be great for the models. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we guided flat, obviously. And I 
think as we talked about last quarter, our quarter just – Q4 just ended was a 14-week quarter. And so we had more 
expenses in that quarter than what we would typically carry. We guided flat because we've – as you'll recall last year 
we had a number of temporary cost reduction measures in place, which we are restoring. Some of those of which 
related to wage reductions and so forth that a lot of our employees were carrying. 

So those tended to offset one another. And as you see, we guided flat in Q1. I would expect that we would be roughly 
flat in the first half of the year. And we'll just have to wait and see how revenue shapes up for the second half, to give 
you any further guidance beyond that. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Let me ask one more question, which is do you think your customers are building inventory, 
meaning is any of the revenue strength you guys are seeing temporary inventory build, and does that hamper second 
half revenue seasonality? Thank you so much. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: If you look at our channel inventory, 
which is where we sell a lot of our, the vast majority of our desktop GeForce business, that channel inventory has been 
roughly stable throughout the year. It's been teetering in the three to four-week range. We had a one-week up tick in 
that in the fourth quarter, which is probably the first sign we've seen of any up tick in channel inventory now this year. 
But we still consider that pretty modest. It's certainly well below where it's been historically. And as a result of even 
those low levels we continue to have stock-out situations which we try to – we try to obviously avoid. 

So right now, I don't think we've got really any indicators that would tell us that we've got an inventory build going on, 
either in the channel or even at the OEM companies that we sell to. So at some point we know that supply will catch up 
with demand, and I think we just have to be very alert to make sure that we see the early indicators of that and respond 
as early as we can. 


<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you. Good luck. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: At the highest level -- let me just make a comment on top of that, that everything David said 
was right. At the highest level, the last couple of years we've invested in R&D pretty aggressively. And we invested in 
R&D so that we could drive our topline growth. And so if there's anything at all, and because as we go into this year, 
we have so many new products, whether it's Tegra or the Fermi architecture, or the Tesla product line or some exciting 
new products that we're planning for Quadro, all of these growth opportunities are the result of the R&D investment 
that we've made. And so if there's anything at all, we would just love to have the supply to support the growth. And so 
we're looking forward to that. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga SA (sic) [Auriga USA]. Please proceed with 
your question. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Hi, good afternoon, thanks for taking the call. Jen-Hsun, I wanted to make sure I 
understood a comment you made a little bit earlier when you were talking about the supply constraints. You were 
saying that the order of the supply constraints, if you didn't have the supply constraints, you could have done another 
couple $100 million in revenue. 

First question, did I hear that correctly, and second of all can you help us understand a little bit, is that really just 
focused in GPU where you could have had that extra revenue, and can you help give us any color on who's not getting 
parts? Is it notebook? Is it the channel? Can you give us a little bit of granularity there, if I did understand that 
correctly? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I was trying not to give you an exact number, and I probably shouldn't have given you 
a number at all. Because we really don't know. When supply – we knew that – let me tell you what we do know. We 
knew that during the quarter channel inventory was too low. When David said that channel inventory was five weeks, 
five weeks average in fact means gap-outs in many regions around the world. And you can only measure channel 
inventory really in the final analysis through its averages. But we know that certain regions are much hotter than other 
regions, and it's hard to keep them from stocking out. 

Now the second thing is OEMs, without exception, notebook OEMs were hand-to-mouth the whole quarter. And we 
were fighting hard to keep them from gapping out throughout the quarter. And we weren't successful most of the time. 
And so there were challenges in fulfilling the demand that we did have throughout the quarter. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Am I correct in assuming you're talking about really GPU, there were no shortages in 
chipset or in Tegra or in Quadro? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, Tegra and Quadro – Tegra's production ramp is rather modest right now. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Right. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And Quadro's volume relative to GeForce is small. Although the revenues are high, the actual 
units are relatively small. And so in the final analysis of whenever you have a gap-out situation, it will be in your 
highest volume products and in our case it will be GeForce. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay, and then just to follow up on that, is this giving you any pricing power, or was there 
any contribution to gross margin? Obviously you're printing a good gross margin number. Are you getting some pricing 
power because of this? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we certainly haven't raised prices on the marketplace. The benefit of being this 
constrained is that you could make adjustments on product mix. But those adjustments are still rather hard to do, 


because customers are lined up, and we've made commitments to customers with respect to the products that we would 
ship them. And so to the best of our ability we try to honor those commitments. And so supply constraints are – it takes 

– it makes the market a little bit less disruptive from a pricing perspective because people are mostly focused on 
fulfilling demand. And it helps us with some amount of modest mix benefits, but overall we haven't raised prices on the 
customers. 
<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. When you take into account all the moving pieces at NVIDIA for this upcoming year, 
think about the MCP business versus things like Tegra, for example. When I look at what would be a seasonal year – if 
we assumed it would be a seasonal year for PCs, should we expect above, below or average seasonal growth for 
NVIDIA? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I was just going to say right now we're 
constrained at least in the first half, right? So seasonality I don't think is going to have significant bearing on what 
revenue we're going to put up on the topline. Our topline is going to be more dictated by allocation than it is by a 
normal end user seasonality. Second half is anyone's guess. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Yeah, okay. All right. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: If you look at the moving parts, it kind of boils down to this. Fermi is going to be a growth 
driver for us. We're in mass production now at Fermi. And Fermi not only ships into the GeForce market, and brings 
incredible new capabilities to that market, Fermi also grows into two other markets. One is Tesla, and OEMs are lined 
up and designing servers and high performance supercomputers dedicated to Tesla. Supercomputers are being built 
around the world waiting for the new Tesla. And so this Fermi architecture grows into new markets. It also creates new 
types of products for our Quadro family. And so those are new growth drivers. So the Fermi architecture is really 
important to us. 

The second is 3D Vision. 3D is going to be really big, and it's going to be – it's going to redefine, as Mike says, what a 
gaming notebook is going to be. Just as – or a gaming PC is going to be. Just as SLI did a few years ago defined what a 
gaming PC is, 3D Vision will now. And so we're seeing – you've already seen the ASUSTeK notebook. Acer has a 
product out. Dell just announced their product today. And we're expecting 3D Vision to be adopted by nearly every PC 
OEM in the world. 

It will also be adopted by the workstation market. So 3D Vision is going to be important. And then lastly, Tegra is a 
brand new product line for us. And so those are all good growth drivers. And then I think I said last time, and I think 
this time, I would reinforce that statement that the MCP product line will do well this year. Although it is our last 
chipset for Intel processors. We're expecting MCP89 to be far, far superior to what you can get on an Arrandale or any 
integrated CPU from Intel today. And so I think we're going to see it do quite nicely. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks for that, Jen-Hsun. One point of clarification and one other question, on a clarification 
perspective, you mentioned that you are obviously supply constrained, and yet you were able to build inventory 
yourself. Is that because you are foregoing sales this quarter in order to build the right inventory for next quarter? And 
then the question is, just on the workstation side of the house, notwithstanding your points made on Fermi just now, 
how sustainable do you think the work station strength that you're seeing is as we look beyond the current quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The inventory situation happened as a result of wafers that came in late in the quarter that we 
couldn't get through our back end process and then ship to customers. And so the back end process includes sort and 
test and with the complexity of the GPUs these days requires quite a substantial battery of tests to go along with it. And 
so we just couldn't get it through the back end to ship to customers. Customers were clamoring for parts all the way 


through the end of the quarter. So we'll ship it to them as soon as we can. We just couldn't get it through the back end. 

Your second question is about workstations. I think the workstation market is going to continue to improve from this 
point forward. The vast majority of the world's industries held back on spending towards the latter part of the year 
before and the early part of this last year. And technology has really, really moved forward. And unless they invest in 
tools, unless they invest in computing, they really can't build products. And so the Quadro business has improved 
quarter on quarter. I think it was some 20% or so. 

My guess is that – and it's still off of its historical highs. And its historical highs I think is going to be ultimately beaten. 
We'll exceed that in some period of time, because back when we had the historical high about two years ago, I think a 
year and a half ago, before the recession, the world wasn't nearly as globalized from an industrial design standpoint. 
China wasn't nearly as progressed from a design perspective. It was a manufacturing powerhouse. But now it's turned 
into a design powerhouse as well. 

And so you're going to see that projects are being worked on by teams on the same project around the world. And so it 
will be people working in Europe, working with engineers in the United States, working with engineers in China. And 
to do that you have to use the same database, and you have to use the same architecture. And so my belief is that the 
workstation market is going to play nicely for the next several years. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question. I guess could you talk a little bit about 
your customer order patterns at this point? Clearly you're supply constrained, but are customers putting as much 
backlog on you today as they were three months ago? And so in the context of that plus the supply constraints, how 
should we think about what's likely to happen for Q2 in terms of revenues? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think I can answer that, James. If you 
look at the last three quarters, we have opened each of the last three quarters with a fairly healthy shippable backlog at 
the start of each one. In fact, that has been at near record levels, at least as far as I can tell. And that has helped 
significantly with linearity, product deliveries, linearity of collections, for example, et cetera. And has made our 
business a little bit more predictable than what it's been as well because we've had less turns business to actually 
generate within the quarter. And as we go into Q1, that backlog, the opening backlog position is in relatively the same 
position it was at the beginning of Q4. And so we're opening Q1 with a fair amount of our business already visible to 
us. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And in terms of Q2, the benefit of Q2 is it's going to benefit from quite a few growth drivers 
that are firing at the same time. Got new GeForce products, new Quadro products, new Tesla products, and Tegra 
products and 3D Vision products all cranking. So we're in just the beginning now of a new product cycle, and this new 
product cycle is driven by a revolutionary architecture called Fermi. And so we're real excited about that and can't wait 
to get to it. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Thanks. That's very helpful. And then as a follow-up just briefly. I think you talked about 40 
nanometer products being about 19% of shipments last quarter. Can you give us an update of what that was this 
quarter? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We've really not broken that out this 
time. I think we've decided that it would be just better to show the vector, and the vector was it was up 178% quarter 
over quarter. 

<Q - James Schneider>: 40 nanometer? 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: For 40 nanometer, yes. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Great, thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with Broadpoint.AmTech. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great, and thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on a strong quarter. Can you guys 
talk a little bit about what drove the change in stock comp reporting? Is there an sort of underlying change to the 
compensation structure that you're working with the employees? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: You mean the fact that our non-GAAP 
now includes stock-based compensation, is that what you mean, Doug? 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Correct. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, there was really no change in 
compensation at all. In fact if you look at the commentary and so forth, I think you'd see that it's relatively flat quarter 
over quarter. What really kind of guided it is that we'd like to get closer to a GAAP reporting structure. And most of the 
analysts and so forth now report GAAP and non-GAAP numbers and so forth, and so our thought was that this would 
just remove one more layer of noise in our story by reporting GAAP when we can report GAAP and only have to talk 
about non-GAAP when there's an extraordinary item that we need to discuss. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. Great. And if you could talk a little bit about use of cash and what your thinking is 
on the buyback of your shares. We're now sort of seeing dilution creep up every quarter. You're almost back to where 
you were. I believe when you were at this level in the past you talked about wanting to hold dilution down. Is that still 
something you're thinking about? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, it's certainly something that we 
have discussions on, and sometime this year we'll probably be more, be able to talk more openly about what it is we 
plan on doing with it. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: And then my last one is really the Fermi architecture, how quickly do you guys think you're 
going to be able to take that architecture to the full product line? What is sort of the – what expectations should we 
have as far as getting those into the mainstream? And if my understanding is correct you're going to launch that at the 
high end? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: All of that just depends on 40 nanometer supply. And we're trying to finesse it the best we 
possibly can. For the entry level products, the truth is that the new architectures at the very, very entry level GPUs are 
probably not extremely well appreciated any how. And so the reasons why people buy the new architectures are -- tend 
to be early adopters, and they tend to be game enthusiasts or workstation designers or creative artists, or -- there are 
very specific reasons why it really enhances their experience. 

Our current generation GPUs are fabulous at all of the things that mainstream consumers would use, use a computer 
for, all of the high definition videos, even plays 3D Blu-ray. We're the only GPU that processes 3D Blu-ray completely 
in the GPU. All of them have CUDA, and they're all compatible with the Fermi architecture. And now all of them have 
Optimus. Right, so I think the mainstream GPUs are really fabulous and have been enhanced recently with some really 
great features. And so my sense is that they're going to continue to do quite nicely in the marketplace, and then we'll 
transition as fast as we can. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. Terrific. And is there any change to your expectations in the ramp for Tegra during 
the year? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No, not much has changed. We're currently working on quite a few tablets. And these tablets 
are, some are tablets and some are tablets with keyboards. And there's all kinds of different form factors. There's 
five-inch versions, there's seven-inch versions, there are 10-inch versions, and some are being created by computer 
companies. Some are being created by consumer electronics companies, and some are created by mobile companies. 
And everybody has a slightly different perspective on how do we take it to market. And so I'm excited about that. 

Today, I think it's just literally today in Barcelona, Adobe and NVIDIA demonstrated the world's first interactive reader 
on a mobile device, a magazine reader on a mobile device. And the Wired magazine demonstrated an interactive 
version of Wired. And if you get a chance to see it on the Web, it's just stunning, just completely stunning. The 
experience of reading a magazine that comes to life when you touch it on a tablet, on a Tegra tablet it's just really 
something else. 

And so now we have the full Internet on Tegra. Flash 10.1 is completely accelerated on our GPU, so the hundred 
million websites around the world now just work. You have multi-tasking. So you could read a magazine, close it, go 
look up something on the Web, close that and come back to read your magazine, exactly where you left off. You could 
also enjoy digital magazines, and in the near future digital books. And so I think this form factor is going to do nicely, 
and I can't wait to start ramping it. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot, Doug. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Aberle with Caris & Company. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Good afternoon. My question is, given a scenario where 40 nanometer supply is constrained 
throughout all of 2010, my guess is you guys will have to make some pretty tough decisions on how to allocate the 
supply that you do have. Given you guys are transitioning GPU desktop and notebook over to 40 nanometer, Tegra 2 is 
40 nanometer, Tesla 2 is 40 nanometer, how do you guys make those decisions as we roll through the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I said that supply was going to be constrained. I didn't say supply was going to be 
constant. But we're expecting a big year. But frankly if we had more supply we'd have a bigger year. And so we just 
have to keep working it. TSMC is just doing a fabulous job improving their yields. And if you just looked at from 
August when we first started ramping to now, the yield improvement that they've done and the execution that their 
teams have gone through, is just fabulous. This is a really extraordinary company, and what they've done with 40 
nanometer yields over the last several months is really fabulous. 

And so if the trend continues, things are going to look a lot better. And so we're hoping for it to continue. We're 
working hard together to make it improve. And so I'm hoping that supply will abate, I think was the word that was used 
earlier, sooner than later. Because we can certainly use the wafers to drive our growth. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Gotcha. Well, I mean I guess what I'm asking 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Either way we're still expecting a lot of wafers this year and improved yields and a lot more 
supply than obviously now. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Yeah. I mean, in the scenario that you guys don't get all that you want, which is sounds like 
you're at least not going to get all that you want in the first half of the year. I mean you guys have got to make decisions 
on how to allocate that. I was just curious how you make decisions to allocate that. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're making the decisions now. We made the decisions last quarter. We're making 
decisions this quarter. And every commitment that we make we need to fulfill. And so we have to be thoughtful about 
the commitments we do make. Our customers are working very closely with us now. Everybody has just done a much 
much better job aligning forecasts, and I appreciate that. 


And so we're making those trade-offs all the time now. One of the things you give up on is you give up on any amount 
of inventory. We don't have very much inventory at all in the grand scheme of things considering the velocity of our 
business. And so there's not much buffer. And everything is hand to mouth. That's one of the challenges of being 
constrained. But our most important objective is to meet the commitments that we've made to our customers. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Gotcha. We haven't really talked about PlayStation 3 much, I was just curious is that a little 
bit soft during the quarter? What are your expectations for PS 3 this year, and given there's a transition coming up, do 
you expect to be part of that transition? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Seasonally they're lower in our fourth quarter. Just the way they ramp and for the holidays 
and so forth. So it was seasonally weaker in the fourth quarter. I think it would be probably inappropriate for us to 
guide what we think Sony's business is going to do over the next year. So I'm not sure I want to answer the balance of 
that question. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Nick. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda with Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thank you. I have a question about the gross margins. Jen-Hsun, this is basically, as far as I 
can tell, pretty much a record gross margin, maybe even better than your record, if you assume this kind of non-GAAP 
business, exclude the stock comp. It seems like your new products basically have better gross margin than your current 
business so that mix improves, it should only get better. Is there a target that you would like – let us think about, longer 
term where you think you can get to? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let me answer it in pieces. First of all, I don't think this is our record. 

<A>: It's two points lower. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And secondarily it's not at the internal targets. Our business is increasingly moving from a 
great chip business to much more of a software-rich business. If you look at our Quadro business, it's nearly all 
software. The enormous R&D that we invest in Quadro and the technology we create for Quadro is all software. 
Because it's in the final analysis still built NVIDIA GPUs. 

So you see the same thing with GeForce now. The work that we did in 3D Vision, tons of software. The work that we 
did with 3D Blu-ray, tons of software. So the work that we do with CUDA, the work we do with PhysX, tons of 
software. So I think increasingly that's going to become the nature of our business. Tesla is just all software. Right? 
Software tools and software compilers and libraries. And I mean these are profilers and debuggers. I mean it's a 
software – it's become increasingly a software oriented type of business. And that's where our differentiation really is. 
And that's where NVIDIA has historically been really, really excellent. 

And so in order for us to differentiate the basic commodity piece platform and turn it into an extraordinary experience 
for gamers or scientists or digital creators or for clouds or for netbooks or for tablets, it's increasingly a software 
business. And so that's where a lot of our differentiation becomes, and I think if you think about our business from that 
perspective, a gross margin of the 44 points, the 44.7% that we had this quarter, it should be far from our expectations. 
And it is. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: And then one question about your – actually, a couple questions about your products. So if you 
look at Tegra, you've talked a lot about your – the tablet, potential there. Where do you see – where do you see taking 
that business? Do you think that will be confined to tablets, are you expecting to take then the smart phones and with 
Fermi, is there a possibility with ASP growth that you could offset normal seasonality when it starts to launch 


significantly in second quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think Fermi will very substantially offset any seasonality. That's my expectation. Because 
Q2 is going to be the quarter when Fermi is hitting full stride. And it won't just be one Fermi product. There will be a 
couple of Fermi products spanning many different price ranges. But also the Fermi products will span GeForce and 
Quadro and Tesla. And so we're going to be hand to mouth on Fermi architecture products through Q2, and we're 
building a lot of it. And so I'm really excited about the upcoming launch of Fermi, and I think that it will more than 
offset the seasonality that we usually see in Q2. 

And then the question about Tegra, our focus on Tegra is initially on the markets where high resolution and snappy 
performance is really important. What NVIDIA is really great at is multimedia and great snappy performance, high 
performance computing. And so if you want a great experience with a touch tablet and the resolution is high, and it's in 
high-def, choosing NVIDIA, choosing Tegra, is your best choice. 

And so we're going to focus our energy on the marketplaces where we could add the most value, and initially those are 
tablets. We're seeing a lot of the over-the-top TV opportunities and engage in a few of those, and you also heard that 
Audi has standardized on NVIDIA graphics starting this year in America, and in the year 2012 everywhere around the 
world. And we're just expanding from there. So I think the Tegra opportunity is quite large for us, and we're just going 
to focus on where to start from where we had the most value first. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks Arnab. 

Operator 

And gentlemen there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to you. 

Jen-Hsun Huang 

Thank you, and we look forward to talking to you at our next quarter's results. 

Operator 

That concludes the conference call today. We thank you for your participation and ask you to please disconnect your 
lines. Have a nice day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


