Q4 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Rob Csongor 
• Karen Burns 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• JoAnne Feeney 
• Chris Caso 
• Vijay R. Rakesh 
• Kevin E. Cassidy 
• Craig A. Ellis 
• Brian Peterson 
• Deepon Nag 
• James E. Schneider 
• Alex Gauna 
• Patrick Hsiang-Shih Wang 
• Vivek Arya 
• Glen S. P. Yeung 
• Craig S. Berger 
• Rajvindra S. Gill 
• Simran Brar 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is [ph] Daniela (0:05) and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to 
welcome everyone to the NVIDIA Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' 
remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the 
call over to your host, Rob Csongor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 

Rob Csongor 

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call on annual and fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 
results. With me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and 
Karen Burns, Interim Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks we'll open up the call to a 
question-and-answer session. Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow-up. 

Before we begin, I like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations website 
and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until February 22, 2012 and 
the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our first quarter of 
fiscal 2013. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed 
without our prior written consent. 


During the course of this call we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business please refer to the 
disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 30, 2011, and the reports 
we may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All our statements are made as of today, February 15, 2012, based on information available to us as of today and except 
as required by law we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all references to 
market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

During this call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release which is posted on our website, or in the case 
of our fiscal year 2013 outlook, the reconciliation is posted on our Investor Relations website. 

With that, let's begin. After five consecutive quarters of sequential revenue growth, fourth quarter revenue was 
negatively impacted by the global disk drive shortage caused by the flooding in Thailand, which affected the 
mainstream GPU segment more than anticipated. Shipments by some PC OEMs were reduced and higher disk drive 
prices constrained the ability of some PC OEMs to include a GPU in their systems. Additionally, the Tegra 2 Mobile 
business declined more rapidly than expected, ahead of devices based on the Tegra 3 processor ramping into production 
in the first quarter of calendar year 2012. 

However, despite tough economic conditions and the exiting of our chipset business, NVIDIA reported very good 
results for our full fiscal year 2012. First, our overall business grew 33%, excluding the chipsets business we've been 
exiting. Discrete GPUs, including GeForce, Quadro and Tesla grew sharply over the year. GPU attach rates remain 
strong at 53% of consumer PCs and 36% overall according to Mercury Research data. A resurgent PC gaming market 
saw games like Battlefield 3 and Modern Warfare 3 record over $1 billion in sales in their first week on the shelves. At 
the time of the launch of Battlefield 3, over 80% of gamers were below the recommended hardware specification to 
play the game, driving a significant increase in Gamer GPU revenues over the year. 

Our professional solutions business had a record revenue year, driven by large adoption of the Fermi generation of 
Quadro workstation products as well as growth in emerging design economies such as India and China. Our Tesla 
products were selected to power the world's fastest supercomputers, including Oak Ridge National Laboratory's 
upcoming Titan supercomputer. In addition, we made major strides in speeding up GPU computing applications 
support and code porting through our OpenACC and directives initiatives. 

And in one of our most important achievements for the year, we established a position in the mobile market. Tegra 
products captured share in Tier 1 tablets and smartphones. Over the course of the year, Tegra products shipped in 14 
phones, 34 tablets and in 18 of the top 20 carriers. We designed and shipped three generations of Android devices. 
With Tegra 2 we were the first to ship dual-core mobile processors, and now with Tegra 3 we're the first to ship 
quad-core processors. The Tegra mobile processor has grown into a multi-hundred million dollar business. 

Looking ahead, while we anticipate continued negative effects from the hard drive shortage, we believe Gaming 
demand will continue to be robust, driven by the combination of our next generation Kepler architecture and new hit 
games such as Mass Effect 3 and Diablo 3, both highly anticipated PC games coming in early calendar year 2012. We 
believe attach rates will continue to be stable and that we are well positioned to grow notebook share with significant 
new notebook wins in the upcoming Ivy Bridge design cycle. We are excited about a number of recent announcements 
we made in the professional space, which we believe will transform the workstation. 

First, yesterday we announced that NVIDIA has joined forces with HP to introduce the world's first all-in-one 
workstation. The Quadro-based HPZ1 workstation. The V1 features a 27-inch display that snaps open, like the hood of 
a car, so users can easily swap out parts and make upgrades without any tools required. This is the first in an entirely 
new category of professional workstations that we believe will tap market segments where space is a premium and 
users are unwilling to compromise performance. 


Second, we announced Maximus, a breakthrough for the workstation industry. Maximus enables for the first time a 
single workstation to simultaneously handle real-time visualization and compute-intensive simulation, functions which 
previously required separate steps or separate systems. Design and creative professionals have longed for a machine 
that could perform these functions simultaneously. Maximus includes a combination of Quadro and Tesla, unifying 
software technology and a rigorous certification process for professional applications. We believe Maximus will 
redefine the workflow in several segments and that workstations will increasingly ship with multiple GPUs. 
Meanwhile, Tesla continue to make headlines in computational science. 

In addition to a number of new supercomputer deployment announcements, we announced breakthroughs in research. 
Two of the most important supercomputers in the world were recently announced in Oak Ridge National Lab's Titan 
and the NCFA's Blue Waters, both Tesla-based. Chinese researchers announced they had achieved a major 
breakthrough in the race to battle influenza by using NVIDIA Tesla GPUs to create the world's first computer 
simulation of a whole H1N1 influenza virus at the atomic level. 

With Tegra 3 we believe our Mobile business is poised for renewed growth. In addition, to the launch of the world's 
first quad-core tablet, the ASUS Transformer Prime, we announced tablets based on Tegra 3 from a number of key 
OEMs including Lenovo, ZTE, Fujitsu and Acer. We also announced together with ASUS the world's first quad core 
tablet priced at $249, the ASUS 7-inch MeMo ME370T. 

Next up, our Tegra 3 phones. We're looking forward to announcing some of the first ones at Mobile World Congress. 
With innovating exciting new tablets at the high-end, quad core tablets at lower price points for consumers, the world's 
first quad core smartphones coming soon and Windows 8 devices later in the year, we remain confident that Tegra 3 
will drive a new phase of growth for our mobile business. 

With that, let me hand the call over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Rob. For the fiscal year 2012 revenue was $4 billion, up 12.8% from the prior year. GAAP net income grew 
129.5%, resulting in earnings of $0.94 per diluted share, an increase of 118.6% over the prior fiscal year of $0.43. 
Non-GAAP net income grew 54.2%, resulting in earnings of $1.19 per diluted share, an increase of 46.9% over the 
prior fiscal year of $0.81. 

For the fourth quarter, revenue was $953.2 million, down 10.6% from the prior quarter. As Rob discussed, the hard 
disk drive shortage had more impact on our mainstream GPU segment than originally anticipated and our Tegra 2 
products declined more rapidly than expected. 

GAAP gross margin for the quarter was 51.4%, 0.8% lower than the prior quarter and our original expectations due to 
an additional charge in the quarter to settle a patent dispute with Rambus. Non-GAAP gross margin, which excluded 
this charge, was 52.5%, consistent with the record gross margin we achieved in Q3. These results contributed to a 
GAAP net income of $116 million for the quarter or $0.19 per diluted share and non-GAAP net income was $158.1 
million or $0.26 per diluted share. 

Revenue results by business segment were as follows: our GPU business was down 3.6% quarter-on-quarter due to the 
impact of the disk drive shortage on our mainstream GPU desktop and notebook businesses. Our professional business 
was down 3.6% from the record level achieved in the third quarter. Our consumer business was down 42.5% 
sequentially. As mentioned previously, this primarily related to the sharp decline in our Tegra 2 products ahead of the 
ramp of Tegra 3 as well as a seasonal decline in our game consoles revenue. 

For GAAP, our outlook for the first quarter is as follows: revenue at $900 million to $930 million, gross margin of 
49.2% plus or minus 1%, OpEx at $383 million and a tax rate at approximately 20%. For non-GAAP we expect the 
following differences from our GAAP outlook: gross margin of 49.5%, plus or minus 1%, and OpEx at $340 million. 


Depreciation and amortization are expected in the range of $52 million to $56 million and capital expenditures in the 
range of $35 million to $45 million. Diluted shares are expected to be 622.5 million. 

As for the FY 2013 outlook, our view of the market has changed and the outlook we gave in Q3 should no longer be 
relied upon. We are updating our FY 2013 outlook as follows. We expect the overall PC market to experience 
continued headwind from the disk drive shortage. We expect our GPU business to gain share. Our professional 
solutions business is expected to have another record year. Maximus enables us to sell more than one GPU into a 
workstation and new supercomputer centers around the world are anticipating the shipment of Kepler. 

Tegra this year was $360 million and we expect it to grow at least 50%. We expect gross margins to exit FY 2013 at 
around 52%. We expect our OpEx investment in FY 2013 to be approximately $1.56 billion on a GAAP basis and $1.4 
billion for non-GAAP. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Hi, folks. Can you hear me okay? 

<A - Rob Csongor>: Yes, we can hear you. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Perfect. Thanks a lot for taking the call. I was hoping you could give us a little bit more clarity 
on the outlook. In particular, which segments you see driving the reduction quarter over quarter? And why are you 
expecting the decline in the gross margins? Is it purely volume, or is it mix, or some of both? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The top line decline for Q1 is expected to be due to the hard disk drive shortage continuing as 
well as a shortage of 28-nanometer wafers. We're ramping our Kepler generation very hard and we could use more 
wafers. The gross margin decline is contributed almost entirely to the yields of 28-nanometer being lower than 
expected. And that is unsurprising at this point, and because we have – we use wafer based pricing now, when the yield 
is lower our cost is higher. 

And so we've transitioned to a wafer-based pricing for some time and our expectation of course is that the yields will 
improve as they have in the previous generation nodes. And as the yields improve our output would increase and our 
costs will decline. And that's why we expect to exit the year at 52%, or about. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee. Mr. Rakesh, your line is open. 

<A - Rob Csongor>: Let's go on to the next one. 

Operator 

Okay. The next question comes from the line of Chris Caso with Susquehanna Financial. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Hi. Thank you. With regard to the Tegra business and you gave some outlook for fiscal 2013 in 
general. Could you give us some indication as to how that looks as you go through the year? When do the Tegra 3 wins 
come up and then perhaps talk about the impact of Windows on ARM, and you talked about that having some potential 
impact later this year; if you could expand on that? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're expecting to – Tegra 3 – as you know, Tegra 3 tablets are starting to ramp in the 
marketplace but this quarter we are expecting to announce and ship Tegra 3 based super phones and they – rumors of 
them are starting to, and excitement about them of course is starting to leak. But at Mobile World Congress is when we 
expect to announce these devices and we'll expect to announce and ship them this quarter. And so we're expecting Q1 
to be a sharp uptick in Tegra sales and shipments. Our expectation is Windows 8 is later in the year and Microsoft has 
given their estimates about Windows 8 and our expectation is that there will be meaningful contributions from 
Windows 8 later in the year, starting probably in Q3. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: All right. And just as a follow up with respect to what you're seeing in the PC market and 
specifically the impact of hard drives, maybe you could give a little more color on that. Obviously we've heard from 
some of your competitors on that. It sounded like – that the hard drive availability is getting somewhat better depending 
on who you talk to. How do you see that playing out over the next two quarters or so as it impacts your business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Almost everybody has guided down. I think PC-centric semiconductor companies have 
guided down on average I think about 8% in Q1. And so I think everybody is expecting hard drive headwind to 
continue through Q1 and potentially through Q2. As far as what we see, Q4 started out with less shortage than people 
had predicted. And the reason for that was because there was a lot of channel inventory and people consumed the 
channel inventory. As the channel inventory dried up prices of disk drives in the channel started to spike, and as you 
know, channel business is a large part of the discrete GPU business. 

And China is particularly a large region for us where a large amount of the PCs are built in channel and they're built 
what we call DIY. And so design-it-yourself, or build-it-yourself, or designed for you. And so you spec the parts and 
you go to an IT mall and they build a PC right there for you. And so in those part of the regions where – in countries – 
regions and countries where people build PCs like that, the spot price of disk drives have increased quite a bit. And so 
our sense is that that's going to continue through Q1 and potentially through Q2. 

Operator 

Okay. Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Rakesh with Sterne Agee. 

<Q - Vijay R. Rakesh>: Yes. Hi, guys. Sorry about that. I was just wondering on the FY 2013 guide what was your 
guide for Tegra and also when we look at Tegra 3, what is the ASP – what are both the ASPs for Tegra 3 versus Tegra 
2? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We did about $360 million this year in Tegra 2 sales. We're expecting at least 50% growth 
year-over-year. The vast majority of that will be based on Tegra 3. ASPs of Tegra 3 is higher than Tegra 2 and our 
expectation is that it would stay that way through the year. 

<Q - Vijay R. Rakesh>: Got it. And on the gross margin line I think you guys mentioned [ph] 49.5 here exiting at 52. 

(21:10) Where do you see the margin improvement coming? When do you see coming? 
<A - Rob Csongor>: Our margin drag is almost nearly entirely related to 28-nanometer and so the margin 
improvement will come entirely from 28-nanometer. And TSMC is doing fabulously with 28-nanometer and this year 
with 28-nanometer relative to 40-nanometer is surely a huge improvement. But during transition years, because we 
have so much of our business tied to the leading-edge nodes and because when we transition GPUs we transition so 
much of it at once, and this year – particularly unique this year is that the number of notebook design wins that we have 
and the number of 28-nanometer GPU design wins that we have at OEMs is much, much higher than our previous 
generation. 

And so all of the transition of 28-nanometer is going to be very fast. And so we're just going to have to continue to 
work with TSMC and get the yields of 28-nanometer up as fast as possible and we surely expect that by the end of the 
year we're going to be in a pretty good place. We're in a pretty decent place now but we just need to get the yields up. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Stifel, Nicolaus. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Yes, thanks for taking my question. Maybe along the lines of the 28-nanometer yield, have 
you categorized what the problem is and is there a fix in place? And also just if you got all the product you needed, 
what kind of gross margins would you have come in? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There's no particular problem. This is the first major quarter of 28-nanometer shipments. 
There have been some shipments in previous quarters but very, very small. And so for TSMC this is probably the first 
large quarter of shipments and we're going to continue to improve yields from here. So there's nothing particularly 
wrong. It's just early in the learning cycle of a new node, and so we'll improve it with every single outs. And also, this 
isn't a problem that we can solve. Everybody's using the same 28-nanometer and so this affects all of us – anybody who 
uses 28-nanometer. So I think with everybody ramping production there's going to be a lot more learning cycles both 
from us and from other people. But TSMC is in a good place now and we just have to keep improving it. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Great. Thanks. And just as a follow up over – on the Professional Services (sic) [Professional 
Solutions] group, can you say what the trend towards mobile workstations is and how does that affect your revenues for 
2013? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The Professional Solutions group has – includes notebook workstations and so whether it's 
HP workstations or mobile workstations or Dell mobile workstations or Fujitsu mobile workstations, Lenovo mobile 
workstations; Quadro is a standard in all of those workstations. So we're delighted when people go mobile because 
oftentimes they have a mobile workstation as well as a desktop workstation and so this is a good trend. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with Caris & Company. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: Thanks for taking the questions. There were a couple mentions of notebook share gain. Can you 
give us a better understanding of how broadly those might exist across different OEMs and when would we expect to 
see those, more midyear or more towards the holiday selling season? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: In the Ivy Bridge generation, also lined up with the 28-nanometer GPU generation, and this is 
really toe to toe competition between the best GPUs in the marketplace. And our Kepler generation, which we hope to 
tell you more about soon, won design wins at virtually every single PC OEM in the world. And so this is probably the 
best GPU we've ever built and the performance and power efficiency is surely the best that we've ever created and as a 
result our notebook penetration and notebook design win this year is expected to be very, very high. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. And so you're saying that we should expect to see those right away as Ivy 
Bridge comes out. As a follow-up on the Mobile side of the business, with Tegra you've mentioned the 50% growth for 
this year. How would the notebooks or the smartphone, super phone side of that business compare to the tablet side of 
the business. Are they both growing about equally, or one significantly more than the other. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: My guess is that – and of course this is just an estimate and just a guess at this point. But my 
guess is that we'll ship more in phones this year as we did last year in terms of units. And in terms of ASPs it'll 
probably be close. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: Okay. And then lastly for me, and this one might be more for Karen. When the target model was 
initially established I think the gross margin was 52%. It looks like from the guidance that's been provided and where 
we start the year it's going to come in I think closer to 50.5%. So what's changed since September? I doubt there's been 


much of a change in terms of the plan for 28-nanometer. But is it just volume? Or what's the delta as we look at where 
the gross margin target was and where it is now? 

<A - Karen Burns>: It's yields. It's yields on 28-nanometer that have come in worse than we've originally anticipated. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: And the yield improvement, do you think that is steady through the year or is that back end 
loaded more in the back half of the fiscal year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: They'll be steady through the year. And this yield improvement is a function of the number of 
cycles of learning. And now the cycles of learning, as we've ramped up at TSMC, the cycle of learning has really gone 
up. And so my expectation is that the yield improvement will steadily improve on – through the year. 

<A - Rob Csongor>: I'm sorry, Craig, let's move on so we can take some other questions. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Craig. 

<A - Rob Csongor>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. 

<Q - Brian Peterson>: Hi. This is Brian Peterson stepping in for Hans. I just wanted to follow-up on this 
28-nanometer issue. Just to be clear, this is specific to 28-nanometers for GPUs for NVIDIA or is this across the 
industry for TSMC? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think this is – I guess, the rest of the industry will have to speak for themselves. Well, my 
guess is that this is across the industry. This 28-nanometer is still early in its maturing. There aren't that many 
28-nanometer products in the marketplace as of now and the number of cycles of learning is not very significant and 
the amount of volume is surely not very significant. At this point we're ramping very hard all of our 28-nanometer 
products and the yield is much better than 40-nanometer when it first came up, but it's not as good as we had expected 
in our previous projections. And so we're going to have to work hard with TSMC and support them and encourage 
them and wish them well and get the 28-nanometer yield up as fast as possible. 

<Q - Brian Peterson>: Thanks for that and just to follow-up, you indicated that you expect attach rates to remain 
stable going forward. How did they trend in the January quarter? 

<A - Karen Burns>: We gave that guidance at 20% for Q1, if that's what you're asking. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie. 

<Q - Deepon Nag>: Hi, this is Deepon for Shawn. Thanks for taking the question. I had a question about pricing going 
into this quarter and then maybe into next as you talk about desktops; [ph] no GPU (29:55) in particular? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Pricing is expected to be stable and healthy this year. The amount of 28-nanometer capacity 
in the world is not enough, and so I think we're expecting 28-nanometer to be constrained through the entire year. New 
generations of smartphones, new generations of GPUs are going to drive the demand for 28-nanometer capacity, or 
drive the demand for 28-nanometer devices. And so I think you're going to find that this year is going to continue to be 
tight. 

We could use more 28-nanometer wafers and TSMC's management team is working very hard on supporting us with 
our demand and they're driving cycle times hard and trying to improve yield. And so all of that is going to improve 
throughout the year, and very steadily throughout the year, and if previous generations are an indication, TSMC will 


improve their performance incredibly fast. 

<Q - Deepon Nag>: Thanks for that. And also if you could talk about channel inventories going into this quarter. Do 
you think there's a lot of buildup maybe at the low-end because of the ACD issue and maybe about channel inventory 
in Tegra as well? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Channel inventory is actually okay and there's no – the channel is being very cautious in 
loading up, as you can imagine, and whether it's because of currency volatility in Europe or because a shortage of disk 
drives nobody in the channel is being too heroic with respect to loading of inventory. So I think you're going to find 
that channel inventory is relatively lean across the board and on the high end it's extremely short. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. With respect to the attach rates, I think 
you talked about that being driven lower by the hard drive shortages, so the upped price in hard drives being 
compensated by finding build materials – share someplace else. Can you talk about as the hard drive shortages 
mitigates and those prices come back down, what do you expect – the attach rate to go back up? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the attach rate of GPUs is driven not by anything but consumer demand and I think that 
there were fewer PCs sold in Q4 than there was – that the industry had expected. The attach rate of those PCs that were 
sold were stable and relatively consistent with our model. And so your premise is – I don't think it's correct and attach 
rate seems to be stable. The number of PCs sold is reduced. Some people think it's cannibalization from smartphone 
and tablets and other devices, but disk drives surely played a role in that as well. So when the disk drive supply resumes 
my sense is that consumer's demand will return to what they were and GPU attach will remain stable. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Okay, understand. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, in terms of the OpEx I think the 
$1.56 billion you guided to for the year implies a little bit of an uptick as we move throughout the year. Can you talk 
about where the incremental spending is being allocated towards? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Just one clarification, that's on a GAAP basis – the $1.56 billion. It's $1.4 billion on a non-GAAP. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's unchanged from our previous guidance and what we've told you guys before. The 
increase in investment relative to last year on an absolute basis has to do with the fact that we're investing a lot more in 
mobile devices. This last year was a big year for us. It was a big year because GPUs grew quite significantly despite the 
shortage of disk drives and softness in the market towards the end of the year. 

But it was a particularly big year for us because this was the first year that we really engaged the mobile market and our 
mobile position really became established. At this time this last year no one thought that we would really be as 
successful in the mobile market as we ended up being. And so I think that today we have now three generations of 
Android operating systems and devices behind us. We have tens and tens of smartphones and tens of tablets. 

We have engagements with nearly every single Tier 1 OEM in the world on the mobile side as well as on the 
computing side and so I think that this was a pretty big year from that perspective. And because of that traction and 
because of the success we've seen we think it really makes sense for us to double down on mobile computing and go 
after it in a big way. And so we're going to have a lot more products this year than last and you're going to see that 
we're going to have tablet devices – tablet processors as well as integrated processors with modems. And so this is an 
aggressive investment, surely, but it's a very big market opportunity as you know. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. 


<Q - Alex Gauna>: Thanks very much for taking my question. I was wondering within the 50% growth you're 
expecting for Tegra, are you factoring in contribution from Windows 8? And if so, how big a contribution might that 
be? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are expecting at least 50% growth and we are expecting Windows 8 contribution but not 
nearly the vast majority of it. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: And then I was wondering, if you're going to be seeing Tegra 3 ramping in your July quarter, is 
the early ramp going to be enough to perhaps help the gross margin line given that it's not going to be – if I'm 
understanding correctly – on the 28-nanometer node? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are going to be ramping Tegra 3 – we're ramping Tegra 3 now, and so this quarter Tegra 
3 will make a large contribution. We're expecting Tegra to be up quarter-to-quarter about 50% as well. So, Tegra 3 is 
ramping significantly even into the April quarter. And you're right that the gross margins for Tegra 3 is better than our 
28-nanometer gross margins in the first quarter and hopefully 28-nanometer yields will improve and by second or third 
quarter timeframe it won't make any difference. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Okay. And last one if I could, on the GPU business excluding the professional set you gave a mix 
of expecting a down PC market because of the hard disk drive constraints but market share gains. Any ball parking on 
the net of that? Do you expect on a revenue basis the year to be down, flat, up; can you say this juncture? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our expectation is that on the net our discrete GPU business will be up. And in Q3 timeframe 
we were expecting, using industry analyst models, of PC industry growth of 4% to 5%. I think our estimates now are 
much lower than that and so we assume something lower than that. And so we'll see how it turns out in the final 
analysis, but we're assuming relatively no growth in the overall PC market. But because we're gaining share, because 
we continued to grow our Professionals business, our Discrete GPU business year-over-year will grow. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang with Evercore. 

<Q - Patrick Hsiang-Shih Wang>: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, can you talk a little bit about the 
competitive dynamics you see as you go in and compete for Tegra 3 wins? We're hearing about a lot of competition on 
pricing and a lot of guerrilla tactics out there. Can you talk about what you're seeing? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We haven't met too many gorillas yet, but elephants maybe. So let's see. We compete 
primarily today with Qualcomm. And the reason for that is because there are three major opportunities in the 
smartphone marketplace this year that are really exciting. In the United States, of course, LTE is very important. 
Outside of the United – and they have a very – they have the only real integrated solution today and, in fact, they have 
the only shipping solution today. And so they have a very good position on LTE in the United States. 

Outside of the Unites States, where LTE adoption is much further behind, the next major upgrade is quad-core. Today's 
dual-core phones needs to be upgraded. So the next major upgrade, the next major super phone, the next major big 
thing is quad-core. And so Tegra 3 is incredibly well positioned there. So outside the Unites States, in Europe 
particularly, in China, you're going to see quad-core Tegra 3 phones coming out throughout the year. 

The third growth opportunity is the 999, or what some people call the RMB 1000 phone. And this is an affordable, very 
affordable smartphone with dual-core capability. And the way that they describe it, and the way the marketplace 
internalizes it is it's a phone that has the capability of an iPhone 4, but is extremely affordable. That's a great 
opportunity for us, because Tegra 2 is a fabulous dual core. With a 3G modem, you could achieve RMB 1000 in China 
in the near future. That's a pretty exciting opportunity for us, and we're just about to enter into that market opportunity. 
And so those are kind of the market opportunities and the competitive dynamics. It's really primarily the two of us. 

I think the highest level the reason for that has to do with the fact that in order to be successful in the leading edge in 
the Tier 1 phones, you need to have a great application processor and a great application processor road map. You need 


to have a world-class software stack, because the software part of these phones has become the most complicated part. 
And the third, going forward, is the ability to integrate a modem. We were fortunate to have purchased Icera last year, 
and our integrated road map is going to be pretty exciting. 

<Q - Patrick Hsiang-Shih Wang>: Got you, that's helpful. So it sounds like your quad-core features are compelling 
enough that pricing is – you're able to maintain strict pricing with your customers? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're able to get fair pricing on our Tegra 3. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to address this competitive issue from a different angle, 
which is from the handset vendor side. So increasingly Apple and Samsung are taking more share in the market versus, 
say, HTC, Motorola and others. So even though Tegra 3 could be a great product, how are you ensuring that you're 
engaging with the right set of customers? And what real underlying drivers are going into this expectation of 50% 
growth for this year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're expecting to grow at least 50% this year, and it comes from three different, maybe four 
different sources if I can I break it down. One is Tegra 3 phones; one is Tegra 2 phones for the RMB 1000 market, 
which is the fastest-growing segment in smartphones today. The third is Android tablets, and as you know we finally 
were able to put together a tablet architecture that is both exciting with Tegra 3 and Ice Cream Sandwich, as well as 
affordable. We've been able to reach the $249 price level for retail. And the fourth is Windows 8 on ARM. So these 
four growth drivers – frankly this last year, the only thing that really worked super well for us even on Tegra 2 was 
smartphones, and that contributed to $360 million in revenues. 

And so this year we're expecting smartphones from Tegra 3, from Tegra 2, from Tegra 3 Ice Cream Sandwich tablets, 
and as well as Tegra 3 Windows on ARM tablets, and so there's a lot more opportunities for us. But you're right that 
Samsung and Apple are very, very strong and so our strategy is actually very simple. By teaming up with the best 
partners in the world, we would like to bring great technology to them and partner with them to build exquisite devices 
and also to move faster. We as an industry have to move a lot faster in bringing competitive solutions to the 
marketplace more rapidly. And so by partnering with HTC, and they are a fantastic company – I'm not suggesting we 
announce any products here, but surely a partner like HTC would be fabulous for NVIDIA to partner with. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: And if I could just perhaps push back on some of those drivers. So for instance, the RMB 1000 
market, there we have seen integration with baseband and connectivity being an attractive feature, so how do you 
address that? And then on Android tablets, here some things are getting better but outside of the Kindle Fire, we have 
not seen sales pick up as much, or perhaps that's just my perception of the market. So if you could address those two 
issues also? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the RMB 1000 market has a lot of segments underneath that, and at RMB 1000 you 
really need to have a world-class phone. And right now, there just isn't a very good solution for a world-class, high 
performance, dual-core processor with integrated 3G modem. And surely there's RMB 500 phones and they have 
low-end integrated solutions with 3G but nothing sufficiently good at the RMB 1000, to be able to claim that it's as 
good as an iPhone 4 but at a much affordable price. 

And so that segment, where you need to have a world-class, high performance dual-core processor like Tegra 2 and a 
great software stack, along with 3G modems are, as you know, quite affordable and quite abundant and they've been 
around for many years. Integrating those together on a build of materials is not too difficult. And so that's one. With 
respect to the tablets, Amazon Fire is a really interesting product and it's a great eReader, but our belief is that there's a 
marketplace for tablets that are much more general purpose. I think the ASUS Transformer Prime is a first example of a 
tablet that can really demonstrate differentiation, and people love it, and it's frankly my favorite computer now, and it's 
a lot of other people's favorite computers. It's a tablet sometimes, it's a full notebook PC sometimes and the 


performance is really terrific. 

And so I think Ice Cream Sandwich addressed a lot of the challenges that the tablet industry had, Android had last year 
with fragmentation. But now with Ice Cream Sandwich, your phone is Ice Cream Sandwich, your tablet is Ice Cream 
Sandwich; all of the applications that come off of the marketplace can work on both. And so I think the unification – it 
is the only operating system that allows that today and so that's – that I think is a great advance for the tablet market. 
And then lastly at $249, if we can bring a quad-core – if we can bring Tegra 3 to $249, and for those people who have 
seen it and touched it, that tablet is going to sell like hot cakes we believe, because it's the right price point, it's 
completely general purpose and its state-of-the-art. So we have reasons to believe that this tablet market is far from 
over and that there's a lot of interesting opportunities and differentiation to be brought to this market yet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Just two questions. The first one is maybe just some clarification from you, Jen-Hsun. I think 
I'm hearing that GPU demand is being impacted by a combination of lower PC demand from hard drive shortages, hard 
drive ASPs squeezing out GPU's from the bill of materials and then a shortage of capacity from 28-nanometer. Can you 
just give us a sense; maybe rank those in terms of what's most impactful to sales and – versus least? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: 28-nanometer shortage. I could use more 28-nanometer wafers today. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: So that's the most impactful? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: My estimate for the year for top line and gross margins would be 28-nanometer. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That's where all of our new GPUs are going. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: I'm asking just specifically for first quarter, for the April quarter though, will you think the 
impact is greater from that shortage; from ASPs and hard drives; or from shortages of PCs because of hard drives? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: About the same. I mean it's – I haven't thought of it that way, but it's about the same. But 
from a gross margin perspective, obviously, much more from 28-nanometer. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Right. Okay. And then the follow-up... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Those are problems that are going to get solved for the whole industry. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Right. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, I think as the industry – as TSMC ramps more and more 28-nanometers, their 
capacity would increase and their yields would increase and their cycle times will reduce. And this is a world-class 
company and Morris and the management team are all over it and they're doing everything in their power. And if 
history is any indication, and it tends to be, they're going to work their way into a fabulous node here any time. And so 
we have just started ramping in the last several months, and so Q1 is a bit of a transition quarter for us, but I'm very 
confident that we'll work through the 28-nanometer yield issues. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Okay. And as a follow up, I hear you when you say at least 50% growth in Tegra but your 
guidance there is nonetheless substantially lower than what your original guidance was. Can you just walk through the 
delta here? Is it that you're pushing forward your expectation, or do you think there's some lost business that you simply 
can't gain back? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There is one major delta from – I'm glad you asked. There's one major delta from our 
previous guidance. About – I would say a couple of quarters ago I would've thought that on balance that Samsung was 
one of our largest customers, as they were last year. But looking forward my sense is on balance, Samsung will use 


their own application processors. They'll dabble outside probably and they'll use outside application processors like 
ours whenever their own can't serve their needs, but on balance they're going to try to use their own. And so that's the 
big delta that I've taken off of my guidance. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Craig S. Berger>: Good evening. Thanks for taking my questions. Jen-Hsun, so with the hard drive impacting 
GPU shipments now, what do you think revenues would be in the first quarter if there were no shortages and do you 
expect that to come back as good news and met pent-up demand later this year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Gosh, we just didn't really do that analysis, but if you think along the lines of where we 
currently guided versus a typical Q1 and some of that, call it we're $100 million plus short, and call some of that 
resulted from 28-nanometer yield and shortage, and some of that resulting from disk drives shortage, and call it 
half-and-half. So if you were just to take a swag at it, about $50 million. 

<Q - Craig S. Berger>: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, can you update us on the CFO search? And can you also 
update us on Icera; you talked about it briefly with the roadmap. When might we expect an integrated product and also, 
do you expect to ship basebands into phones in calendar 2012? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Sure. We are doing a CFO search. We have many interested candidates. I haven't decided on 
one yet and the reason for that is because I think Karen and the financial team are doing a fabulous job and it allows me 
to be very choosy and to set a very, very high bar. And so if you do know of someone, ask them to call me but we have 
a lot of very interested candidates. Icera; Icera is going to prove to be one of the smartest and one of the best 
acquisitions in our history. We will have shipping modems this year for sure and hopefully sooner than later. And then 
our plan is to integrate our application processor, which as you know is already one of the best in the world and the 
Icera modem into an integrated product for the mainstream LTE market. And so we're doing that as quickly as we can. 
And that's one of the reasons why we're investing heavily in OpEx is so that we could build this class of products for a 
much larger marketplace and a much larger market opportunity for us. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rajvindra Gill with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: yeah, sorry if I might have missed it, but did you actually provide a revised annual guidance 
in terms of the number? An actual number range? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We did provide new guidance. We did not give you a specific number and the reason for that 
is because it ultimately depends on your estimates of the PC market and the disk drive – how long the disk drive 
shortage is going to last. We're not better predictors of that than other analysts and we've taken it to a more 
conservative range ourselves. But if you applied your estimates of that to some of the comments that Karen made 
earlier you could come up with some estimates. Okay? Thank you. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: I guess last question real quick; in terms of the percentage of your GPU portfolio that's on 
28-nanometer, any guestimation there? And then kind of what are the projections going forward? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It depends on the capacity that gets freed up. We would like to put as much of it as possible 
in 28-nanometer. But if we don't have enough capacity, as we currently do not have, we would keep some of our GPUs 
in 20-nanometer. So it just depends on capacity. 

<A - Rob Csongor>: I think we have time for one more question. 


Operator 

Okay. Your next question, your final question, comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Simran Brar>: Thank you this is Simran Brar calling in for Raj Seth. I had a couple of quick ones. Firstly, given 
that your Tegra business has some scale now, how are you thinking about margins and that business going forward? 
And secondly, what are the key growth opportunities for your Professional Workstation business in 2012, and is 10% to 
15% still the right range to think about annual growth for that business Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you, Simran. Let's see. The first question with respect to Tegra, we expect our gross 
margins to be in the range of the corporate average. And our estimates are that it would be around that area, plus or 
minus; nothing dramatically different. 

Second, is growth opportunities for PSG. In the area of Workstations, we introduced a concept called Maximus – not a 
concept, a platform technology called Maximus. And it allows for the Workstation to not only visualize, but it also 
allows it to compute. So you could do simultaneous simulation of fluid dynamics while seeing the fluid flow over a 
structure like a car, or a motorcycle, or whatever in real time. And so Maximus has been received fantastically and our 
hope is that more and more Workstations will have, not just one GPU inside for visualization, but two GPUs; one for 
visualization and one for simulation. 

This year is also the year of Kepler. It's been two and a half years since Fermi and supercomputers and supercomputing 
centers around the world are waiting anxiously for Kepler to launch so that they can upgrade their supercomputers. So 
that's a growth opportunity for us. 

In the area of high-performance computing as well, we're hoping that the work that we've done to make Tesla much 
easier to program for, it's called OpenACC. It's a technique called Directives, making it super easy for software 
programmers to take advantage of GPU computing and we've worked with the industry on that. It's an open standard. 
So we're excited about the developments of that. The response has been fabulous. And hopefully that making GPU 
computing easier to program will also increase its adoption. And so those are some of the growth initiatives that we 
have going and our expectation is that Quadro and Tesla, in combination with PSG, will deliver a record year again this 
year. 

<Q - Simran Brar>: Great thank you. 

Rob Csongor 

Thank you, Simran, and I think we're out of time for today. Thank you, everyone. We look forward to talking to you 
next time about our Q1 results. 

Operator 

This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


