Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Rick Schafer 
• Craig Berger 
• Tim Luke 
• JoAnne Feeney 
• Patrick Wang 
• Suji De Silva 
• David Wu 
• Shawn Webster 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. Thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, Vice President, 
Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2010. With me 
on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer, and David 
White, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks we will open up the call for a question-and-answer session. 
Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow-up. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations 
website and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until August 14, 
2009 and the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our third 
quarter of fiscal 2010. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended April 26, 2009 and the reports on 
Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our statements are made as of today, August 6, 
2009, based on information available to us today and except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any 
such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all references to research market and market share numbers throughout the 


call come from Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can kind a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on our website. 

With that, I'll turn the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report revenue of 777 million, 
representing sequential growth of 17% from Q1. We reported a GAAP net loss of $0.19, which included an additional 
net charge of approximately $119 million to cover costs related to the die packaging material set issue, which we 
previously disclosed in July 2008. Although the number of systems impacted by this remains consistent with our initial 
estimates, the cost of remediation and repair has been higher than originally anticipated. Non-GAAP gross margin, 
which excludes the additional charge and stock-based compensation, was 36.3%, an improvement of 560 basis points 
over last quarter. 

On a non-GAAP basis, net income was $0.07 per share. We reduced inventory by another $48 million, which now 
stands at 51 days on a non-GAAP basis. We made good progress managing down operating expenses through 
efficiency projects. I also want to acknowledge the sacrifices NVIDIA employees are making so that our company can 
continue to invest in the important initiatives that we are passionate about. 

Strategically, we're focused on two major game-changing ideas. First, computing is evolving from central processing 
on the CPU to co-processing on the CPU and GPU. To enable this new computing paradigm, we invented the CUDA 
parallel computing architecture that is now shipping in over 100 million GeForce, ION, Quadro and Tesla GPUs 
representing a significant install base for application developers. 

After three years of evangelizing, GPU computing has surely reached a tipping point. CUDA has been adopted in a 
wide range of applications. In consumer applications nearly every major consumer video application has been or will 
be accelerated by CUDA. We estimate there are over 1,200 research papers based on CUDA. We've highlighted 500 of 
them on cudazone.com. 

CUDA now accelerates AMBER, an important molecular dynamic simulation program used by more than 60,000 
researchers in academia and pharmaceutical companies worldwide to accelerate new drug discovery. CUDA sped up 
AMBER 50 times. 

For the financial market, Numerix and CompatibL announced CUDA support for their new counterparty risk 
application, and achieved an 18 times speed up. Numerix is used by approximately 375 financial institutions. 

There are broad ranging uses for CUDA, including astrophysics, computational biology and chemistry, fluid dynamics 
simulation, electromagnetic interference, CT image reconstruction, seismic analysis, ray tracing and more. Another 
indicator of CUDA adoption is the ramp of our new Tesla GPU for computing business. There are now more than 700 
GPU clusters installed around the world, with new Fortune 500 customers ranging from Schlumberger and Chevron in 
the energy sector to BNP Paribas in banking. 

And starting this fall with the launch of Microsoft's Windows 7 and Apple's Snow Leopard, GPU computing will go 
mainstream. In these new operating systems the GPU will not only be the graphics processor, but also a general 
purpose parallel processor accessible to any application. 

Our second major initiative is mobile and embedded computing. It is increasingly clear that the combination of rich 
applications on the internet and ultra-low power computing technology will trigger the next computing revolution. Rich 
applications on the internet can be connected to tiny, yet powerful computers to enable amazing new experiences. 

Apple's iPhone, the poster child of such an experience, has revolutionized the phone as we know it. The Amazon 
Kindle has revolutionized how we enjoy books. These are surely the first of many devices to be created that will 


require small form factor, energy efficient, yet powerful processors. Some call this cloud computing. Some call it Web 
2.0, but all agree it will revolutionize nearly every industry. 

We created Tegra to enable the next generation of these connected devices. One that will deliver the full high-definition 
internet connected experience. Tegra is the industry's first ultra low power HD processor. Tegra has been chosen for 
many next generation smart phones, smart books, smart pads, media players, TVs and cars. 

Let me now comment on each of our four businesses: GeForce and ION, Quadro, Tesla, and Tegra. GeForce and ION 
overall grew a combined 11% quarter to quarter. GeForce offers unique capabilities that will define the next generation 
digital computing experiences, like CUDA, which makes video and imaging applications like CyberLink, MotionDSP 
and Nero many times better. 

We estimate there are hundreds of millions of users of these applications to create, enhance and enjoy movies, from 
sharing videos to Facebook, to transferring TV shows onto their mobile devices to be enjoyed later. With CUDA, video 
is the new killer consumer application for the GPU. 

Second, PhysX is a CUDA software engine that does physical world simulation and brings a new level of dynamics to 
games. Just today Eidos's highly anticipated Batman: Arkham Asylum announced support for PhysX. And then there's 
3D Vision stereo. It's quickly becoming the next big thing, for games to movies to photography; there is a groundswell 
of activity that will burst into the scenes in the near future. 

We have announced 26 ION designs to-date. We currently have nine ION designs shipping, with 17 more in Q3 and 
Q4. ION is about bringing great visual experience to even the smallest, lowest power and most affordable PCs. The 
market wants a great experience on all PCs, irrespective of size or price. We have an exciting ION roadmap and we 
look forward to announcing it when ready. 

The GPU computing revolution has reached a tipping point. With the new operating systems, the GPU will be a general 
purpose parallel processor for any application. In Windows 7, GPU computing interface is called Direct Compute (sic) 
[DirectX Compute] and OpenCL for OS-X Snow Leopard. And although the upcoming CPUs and chipsets may include 
integrated graphics, these graphics controllers lack the general purpose parallel processing capabilities needed by the 
new operating systems. 

Recently, Jon Peddie, a leading industry analyst, forecast the global graphics market to grow nearly 22% in 2010 based 
in part to the rise of the GPU as a co-processor. The report states, the continued expansion and development of 
heterogeneous computing and GPU Compute will stimulate growth in 2010, enabled by Apple's and Microsoft's new 
operating system, new programming capabilities using OpenCL, Direct Compute, and NVIDIA's CUDA architecture 
will remove barriers to the exploitation of the GPU as a serious economical and powerful co-processor in all levels of 
PCs. 

Quadro is our professional visualization solution and the standard for professional designers and creators. Revenue, 
which has declined nearly 40% due to the broader economy affecting the automotive and other industries, was 
essentially flat from Q1 and appears to have reached bottom. Irrespective of current demand, we continue to innovate 
amazing new capabilities. This week, we announced AXE, or Application Acceleration Engine. 

Our suite of GPU accelerated software engines that are vital to software companies all over the world including 
Autodesk, Dassault and RTT to name a few. AXE includes PhysX for accurate physics simulation used in CAD to 
stimulate contact of physical objects; a multi-GPU rendering engine and tools for managing large data sets. 

One of the most exciting AXE engines is OptiX, the world's first interactive ray tracing engine used to generate 
photorealistic images. For the first time, designers can study and interact with a photorealistic rendering of their design. 
OptiX is a must-see to believe new visualization capability. We are currently engaged with 40 beta sites that are 
actively using our OptiX ray tracing module. When deployed, each OptiX application will be powered by rendering 
servers with CUDA GPUs. 

This week, we also announced Quadro Plex SVS, a plug-and-play solution for scalable visualization. Quadro SVS will 
revolutionize the way professionals interact with 3D models and analyze large volumes of data in fields such as energy 


exploration, architectural design, medical research and consumer packaged goods. 

Any application can be distributed seamlessly to run on over four GPUs and displayed across eight displays to create an 
astounding 32 million pixels of resolution. We estimate that the total addressable market for Quadro Plex SVS is 
approximately $100 million per year, growing at 10 to 20% per year. 

Tesla is the industry's first GPU for high performance computing. The Tesla solution consists of compilers, tools, 
libraries, as well as the largest team of parallel computing experts to assist in software development. Tesla is available 
as a module, a deskside personal supercomputer, or server for high performance computing clusters. 

Tesla achieved its first significant quarter of revenue with approximately $10 million in sales. Virtually every major 
OEM, including Cray, Dell, HP, IBM, Lenovo, Silicon Graphics – or, excuse me; SGI, Sun and Supermicro, now offers 
Tesla-based solutions. 

Tesla computing servers are installed in over 700 sites around the world. This quarter we supplied our largest single 
cluster to date, with over 4000 GPUs. To put this into context, this cluster would be the 12th fastest supercomputer on 
the top 500 list. 

We have over 50 HPC specialized VARs currently selling Tesla today. We estimate there are approximately 1,000 
VARs actively involved in the HPC market, which we have yet to engage. We estimate Tesla to address a $5 billion 
market opportunity for us over the next three years. 

Tegra is our mobile and embedded processor. We're very excited that our first Tegra project has entered production. As 
reported in the press, Tegra is the processor at the heart of Microsoft's new Zune HD. There are many more innovative 
devices in the works. 

There are 50 active Tegra designs and many more in evaluation currently ranging from smart phones and media 
players, 35 smart books and mobile internet devices, and a group of – and a growing number of embedded designs for 
IPTVs and cars. We estimate that Tegra will address a $4.5 billion market by 2010 and position us at the epicenter of 
the next personal computing revolution. 

Let me now hand over to David to discuss our financial details. 

David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jen-Hsun. As Jen-Hsun indicated in his opening comments, revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2010 was 
$776.5 million, up 17% from 664 million in the prior quarter, and also higher than our estimate of up 5% sequentially. 

Our second quarter has historically been a seasonally weak quarter for the industry, so we're pleased with our 
quarter-over-quarter growth. We reported a GAAP net loss of $105.3 million, or $0.19 per share. This included an 
additional net charge of $119 million to cover costs related to a weak die packaging material set that was previously 
identified and used in certain versions of our previous generation chips. 

This compares to a GAAP net loss of $0.37 per share in the prior quarter, which included a one-time charge of $140 
million associated with a cash tender offer for the purchase of certain employee stock options. Excluding this $119 
million net charge, as well as stock-based related compensation, we reported non-GAAP net income for the quarter of 
$37.7 million, or $0.07 cents per share. This compares with a $0.09 non-GAAP net loss per share in the prior quarter. 

Let me now turn to our individual businesses. Our GPU business, which includes desktop, notebook and memory, 
represented 48% of our total revenue. In absolute dollars, it was up 5% quarter-over-quarter. The desktop segment of 
our GPU business was also up approximately 5% quarter-over-quarter, with continued strength across almost all 
GeForce product lines, particularly in the higher end performance and enthusiast segments. 

The proportion of our desktop revenue sold into the channel was consistent with last quarter, with channel inventories 
remaining at approximately one month's supply on hand. The notebook segment of our GPU business was down 


approximately 5% quarter-over-quarter. We lost some share in Q2, as the commercial Montevina Refresh Platform 
launched. We expect to regain share as we ramp into the fall platform with our new 40-nanometer GPUs that are in full 
volume shipments. 

Our MCP business, which represented 31% of our total revenue during the quarter, was up approximately 27% 
quarter-over-quarter. Consistent with our first quarter, demand was primarily driven by our chipset products designed 
for the mainstream AMD integrated desktop segment, which was up 55%. It was also driven by chipset products 
designed for the Intel-based notebook segment, including ION, which was up 33%. 

Revenue from our professional business which includes workstation graphics and computing represented 15% of total 
revenue and was up 10% quarter-over-quarter. Substantially all of this increase was attributable to Tesla. As for 
Quadro, corporate demand, which comprises a substantial percentage of this business appears to have bottomed at the 
levels we are currently at, with signs we may be in the early stages of an economic recovery. 

Our consumer products business, which includes Tegra, as well as embedded entertainment, represented 6% of our 
total revenue. It was up in absolute dollar terms almost threefold quarter-over-quarter. Tegra and game consoles both 
saw significant increases. 

Looking at the business as a whole, GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 20.2%. Excluding the net charges 
associated with the weak material die set, as well as stock-based compensation, non-GAAP gross margin was 36.3%. 
Our non-GAAP gross margin exceeded our estimates as a result of several factors. 

First, we experienced better 55-nanometer yields during the quarter and our mix of 55-nanometer revenue also 
improved. Secondly, our consumer business, which carries higher margins because it includes royalties from game 
consoles, was up in demand – was up as demand resumed on the consumption of excess consumer channel inventories 
in the first quarter. And finally, margin in our MCP business was also up as a result of more favorable product mix. 

GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter were $267 million. That's down $25 million from the previous 
quarter, when you exclude the one-time charge for the stock option tender offer. This quarter-over-quarter reduction 
was primarily related to lower stock compensation expense resulting from the stock option tender offer we completed 
in Q1. 

The full quarter effect of wage reductions implemented in Q1, and lower legal expenses related to ongoing litigation. 
As well as numerous other cost reduction initiatives we have undertaken to improve the efficiencies of our operations. 
NVIDIA's worldwide employment at the end of the second quarter stood at 5,506, essentially flat from the first quarter. 

Turning to the balance sheet, accounts receivable at the end of the quarter were $352 million, which equated to a DSO 
of approximately 41 days, an improvement of one day from the prior quarter. Inventories at the end of the quarter were 
279 million, down $48 million, or 15% quarter-over-quarter. Inventory days at quarter end were 51. This compares 
with 64 days at the end of the first quarter and 144 days at the end of the fourth quarter. 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the second quarter amounted to approximately $49 million, down 
significantly – down slightly from $51 million in the first quarter. Capital expenditures were $18 million, which as a 
result of cost reduction efforts were down slightly from the $21 million we spent in the prior quarter. Accounts payable 
at the end of the quarter were $276 million, up approximately 50 million from the prior quarter, driven largely by our 
higher volumes. 

And our free cash flow for the second quarter was a positive $117 million. Cash and cash equivalents, marketable 
securities at the end of the quarter were approximately $1.47 billion, up approximately $128 million from the first 
quarter, with the principal contributors being cash earnings and lower inventories. 

In closing, let me briefly comment on our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2010. We expect revenue to be up 5 to 
7% from the second quarter. As for gross margin, we expect GAAP gross margin to increase in the range of 36 to 38%. 
The primary factors for this improvement are lower overall costs, 40-nanometer volumes, and from higher gross margin 
products like Tesla and Tegra as they continue to ramp. 


We expect GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of $280 million. This is up from the prior quarter as a result of 
increased tape-out and prototype activity, as well as increased litigation expenses. We estimate stock-based 
compensation expenses in the third quarter to be $23 million and depreciation and amortization and capital 
expenditures to be approximately flat when compared to the second quarter. Diluted shares for the third quarter are 
expected to be in the range of 565 to 570 million. 

This concludes our formal remarks. At this time, we would like to open the call up for questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instruction]. And your first question comes from the line of Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer & Company. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Rick Schafer>: Yeah, hi, thanks, guys. Nice quarter. Got a couple of questions, just one real quick, could you 
give us a little more like maybe incremental color on the $119 million charge, maybe your confidence level that this 
sort of puts the bump metal issue to rest, and if so, do you think is going to make it easier for you guys to win notebook 
business, retake share going into the back half of the year? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Rick, if you go back a year ago when 
the company first recognized this issue and we recorded a charge in the second quarter same time a year ago, that was 
based upon an estimate at that time that it included a number of factors that the company had to estimate and didn't 
have a lot of data on at that point. 

At that point, we only had one OEM customer that we had entered into negotiations with. But here we stand a year later 
and we've substantially negotiated agreements with almost all of the affected OEMs. We have more specific 
information as it relates to what the repair costs will be at not only our customers, but other parties that are a part of the 
ecosystem for supplying those products. 

So today, we feel much more confident about our estimate, the range around that estimate. It is still an estimate. I won't 
say it will never change, but we feel pretty good about the data we have today and our ability to estimate it at this point. 

As it relates to your second part of your question, if you look at the people that are focused on the bump crack issue, it's 
really a small, very small portion of the company. The company – the vast majority of the company are really focusing 
on the future of our business with very little distraction by bump crack. Certainly it's a distraction for some of our 
customers and so forth. It really isn't impacting the company and our ability to launch new products and for those 
products to be accepted in the marketplace. 

<Q - Rick Schafer>: So it really hasn't been much of a headwind for you in the last quarter, I guess? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. 

<Q - Rick Schafer>: With the – okay. And then just a follow-up, could you quantify maybe how much of the second 
quarter gross margin improvement was related to better mix within GPU, give us a number maybe? And also, as part of 
that, how do you guys look at your market share in discrete going forward? Are you guys more focused on improving 
gross margin in the back half of the year there? Or do you expect to see continued pricing pressure as you try to 
increase share there? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, on your first question as it relates to 
GPU margins, we're – as I indicated in my comments, we have a number of products that cut across a number of 
different process nodes and this quarter, we were able to move more of our business into the 55-nanometer process 
node. So that changed the mix. And probably overall was at least, a point, you might say, in the improvement we saw 
quarter-over-quarter. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And as we ramp up, Rick – as we ramp up our 
other businesses like Tesla and Tegra, which are inherently higher gross margin products, our gross margin is going to 
continue to improve. 

But the major factor is, as you recall several quarters ago, we had nearly 150 days worth of inventory and a lot of that 
inventory was at 65-nanometer and the company has been really focused on making sure that we work through that 
65-nanometer inventory and now we by and large have worked through it and as we, as we're now ramping 
aggressively 55 and 40-nanometer products and they are all fresh products, the gross margins are going to be much 
better with that. 

Related to increasing margins or increasing share, the answer is yes on both. We believe we can increase margins by 
driving efficiency in our company, and even though the velocity of this, of the GPU business is incredibly high, we 
believe that extraordinary excellence can improve margins and you've seen us do that before. 

And on the other hand, we can increase the premium of our products in the marketplace above where it is today. 
Almost every single segment, there's a premium on our product and yet we continue to capture a very significant part of 
the market share, and the reason for that is because our products have a much better reputation and it's had a history of 
delivering wonderful experiences and it's just a much more desirable brand. And so we focus on making sure that the 
GeForce brand comes with it, unique capabilities that other people don't offer beyond just your basic graphics chip. 

So you know that GeForce has the parallel computing capability called CUDA, has PhysX processing so that games 
can be much more dynamic and beautiful, and also this 3D Vision investment that we're making, that we've been 
talking about, it's going to turn into a watershed event towards the end of the year or early next. And this is – you know 
that the entire film industry is moving towards stereo vision and everybody's looking for ways to bring that capability 
or that experience to the home and 3D Vision is a pioneer in that space and from a technology investment perspective, 
we're just miles and miles ahead. And so these kind of innovative ideas are going to continue to help us drive our value 
to marketplace and yet still grow our share. 

<Q - Rick Schafer>: Great, thanks. Congrats, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks a lot, Rick. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with Friedman, Billings, and Ramsay. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Nice job on the results. Can you talk about what 
you're seeing out there on the kind of attach rates for discrete GPUs today in this recessionary environment and where 
they might be going over the next year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I – we've not noticed a shift, if you will, in attach 
rates per se. We know we have stronger attach rates in certain segments of the market than others for good reasons. For 
example, you heard in the comments that channel inventory is low. We keep our eyes on channel inventory because a 
vast majority of our discrete GPUs come from the channel. So although, although only 50% or maybe 40% of the 
world's PCs come from Tier 2 providers, system builders and channel integrators, the vast majority of the discrete 
GPUs come from those 40%. And the reason for that is because the system builders and the system integrators rely on 
NVIDIA's brand and the additional capabilities that our chip provides, our processor provides, to offset the Tier 1 
brands that they compete against, whereas the Tier 1s tend to focus on the benefits of their own brand and utilize, you 
know, lower cost components and related to, in this particular case, integrated graphics. And so our, our attach has 
historically been higher in system builders than the OEMs, but that really hasn't shifted or changed from our 
perspective. 

Now, going forward, you know, I think that all of the road signs are starting to become more clear. We've been 
evangelizing this idea called GPU computing for some time. And it's a very logical and common-sensical idea that you 


ought to use the right tool, or the right processor for the right job. And, you know, programs, modern applications 
today, have a lot of instruction parallel parts of the software program, but there's an enormous amount of data parallel 
parts to the program. And in the data parallel processor part of it, which could have been 3D graphics, which we 
offloaded immediately and historically onto the GPU, but increasingly, it's related to video and images and search and 
those kind of – types of applications, in which case we created a parallel processor, a general purpose architecture 
called CUDA, so that applications can offload that. 

And so you're now starting to see more and more people talk about GPU computing. In fact, I think that there's almost 
no one that I know of in the computer industry who would tell you now that GPU computing, or in general, called 
heterogeneous computing is not the future of computer architecture, from industry analysts to Microsoft to Apple 
Computer, almost anyone who is developing the future of computer architecture will openly admit that heterogeneous 
computing is finally here and it's the right approach going forward. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: As a follow-up, can you guys talk about where you're at with 40-nanometer, what portion of your 
output it might be over the next six – over the next couple of quarters and what the gross margin impacts there are as 
you pay more for wafers and potentially get more die per wafer? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We are – I think the general buzz around the 
industry is that that we are by far the largest producers of 40-nanometer today and I think that that's probably 
consistent. We've shipped more and earlier then just about anybody. And we haven't spoken a lot about our 
40-nanometer products because we have, we have fabulous products that we're currently shipping. And so we tend not 
to preannounce products until the customers are really shipping themselves. And so we're ramping our 40-nanometer 
product now. 

By Q4, it will represent a very large portion of our revenue. It certainly won't represent the vast majority of it. Early 
next year I think it will continue to grow and my expectation is by about Q3 timeframe, it will represent the vast 
majority of our products. Q3 timeframe in next year. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: What's the gross margin impact on 40-nanometer versus 55? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Gross margins are higher on 40-nanometer 
products because they're fresher products and they – the die sizes are lower or smaller and so they tend to be, they tend 
to be more cost effective for us. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. Please proceed. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you so much. David, as you look forward and you've obviously seen a significant progression 
in the gross margin in the July quarter and you're guiding for it to be up again in October, how do you see this moving 
into the fourth quarter and next year? Should we think about you having the potential as you move to more 
40-nanometer to be able to continue this upward trajectory by 100 basis points for the next few quarters, or how should 
we think about that? And at the same time, could you give us some feel for how we should plan and think about your 
OpEx going forward as you sort of – can you hold this 280 level or should we think about it beginning to grow now as 
the revenue begins to come back? Thank you. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On the gross margin outlook, you know, 
there's probably three or so significant pieces of our strategy going forward to increase that. Certainly as you mention 
the 40-nanometer ramp will be an important element of that, as Jen-Hsun just commented on a second ago. 


The second will be the ramp of Tegra and Tesla, which are both relatively two new platforms for the company. As they 
become a larger piece of our mix, their margins today, and we expect to continue, to be above what our corporate 
average is. So they will tend to lift the overall margins for the company. 

Quadro, at the same time, carries higher margins than the aggregate for the company. And so as the economic, you 
know, climate of our economy and so forth rebounds, and as those two products, Tesla and Tegra ramp, our overall mix 
is going to be very favorably impacted in our favor. 

So, you know, we should see our margins continue to improve, over the foreseeable, next four quarters or so. Will there 
necessarily be hiccups in the way? No one can guarantee that there won't be but clearly those are the important 
elements of our strategy and as they get executed on, we think our margins will continue to make progress. 

On the operating expense side, we've indicated previously that our objectives were to get our total operating expense 
down, you know, in the 265 million-ish range. Today we ended roughly at that level, but in our guidance, we obviously 
said it was going to go back up. So when you look at some of the reasons for that going back up, you know, they're 
dictated by some of the litigation expenses that are going on, which clearly won't go on forever. 

It's dictated by, you might say a convergence of a number of new product offerings, all happening at the same time, 
which obviously increases some of our expenses in the current quarter. So I think the, I think we'll continue to see 
expenses to come down from the 280 level, but it will probably just be a little bit slower than what we initially 
anticipated it would be. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: If I may, just two quick follow-ups. Looked like consumer was up a lot. Could you give us a feel for 
what piece of that is beginning to be Tegra and how should we think about that for the calendar fourth quarter? And 
then it looked like workstation was fairly flattish. Is it beginning to show some improvement in the Quadro market – in 
workstation should we begin to anticipate that for the second calendar half of the year? And maybe Jen-Hsun, with the 
introduction of Windows 7, have you seen that or not impacting the market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So let me – I'll just take a couple of pieces. I think 
they are in general related to, gross margin and such. Our Quadro business appears to have – has normalized or 
stabilized and certainly the feeling we're getting from our enterprise customers reflects what other people are seeing out 
in the marketplace that the general economy appears to have stabilized some and that the automobile industry, which is 
a very large consumer of workstations, appears to be in better health. 

There are other growth markets now for the workstation market. Medical imaging is a very large part of it. Medical is – 
and medical research, benefits a great deal from a lot of recent attention. We also aren't just waiting for the overall 
economy to come back, as I've discussed earlier. 

We're creating new products that allow people to do new things that weren't possible before. This OptiX ray tracing 
engine, real-time ray tracing engine that runs on CUDA GPUs is really a groundbreaking idea, is a groundbreaking 
capability. We have 40 beta sites going there. And when they deploy, they deploy in relatively large configurations 
because it's the type of models or the visualization task is quite significant. 

And those could – those 40 beta sites are just as many as we can support. You know, the number of companies out 
there who would like to accelerate their time to market through better visualization of their designs is, well, you could 
imagine how many that would be. It could literally be every single company in the world would like to do that. And so 
this is something that is of great importance and we're driving that pretty hard. 

We also, we also know that high resolution displays and projectors are becoming more affordable than ever. The Sony 
4K projectors, digital projectors are very affordable and people need scalable resolution, scalable visualization 
solutions to be able to address that and so we created a product called Quadro SVS. 

The Quadro Plex SVS virtualizes both the application, as well as the display. So you could literally run one application 
across up to four GPUs completely virtualized and invisibly. And then you can take the output of that and literally drive 
it up to 32 million pixels without the application ever knowing anything about it and so this virtualization technology 
both at the GPU level as well as the display level is a groundbreaking idea and it's something that we're really excited 


about. So we're going to try to – we believe that innovation drives growth and we can drive growth irrespective of the 
economy, but the economy certainly has stabilized. So that's certainly a very important part of our growth factors. 

Now, in terms of Tesla, the computing market is a multi-billion dollar market. The reason why Tesla has been adopted 
by literally every single computer company in the world is because they see the same opportunity we see. People are 
evaluating and developing software now for Tesla for broad deployment all over the globe and people are looking for 
ways to improve their computational horsepower per dollar to reduce costs or more importantly, to reduce power. 

Tesla servers consume nearly 20 times less power than a conventional CPU server. And the reason for that is because 
of the amount of performance that you get out of it. When I said earlier doing the right job with the right tool, it's an 
efficiency statement. If you do that, you will reduce power, you will reduce costs and you will get things done faster. 
So I think Tesla is going to be a very important growth driver for us as well for next year. Okay. 

And Windows 7, Windows 7 is – my expectation is that the adoption of GPUs will go up and the adoption of GPUs 
will go up because very simply that if the operating system allows applications to take advantage of the parallel 
processor in your PC, they will take advantage of it. And when they take advantage of it, the GPU is the right answer. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney with FTN Equity Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Hi, good afternoon, folks. A question following up on the last one actually. So in terms of the 
value of the GPU for Windows 7 and others that will take advantage of that, what are you guys thinking, what are you 
assuming about the future of attach rates or of the chipset business once Intel starts to deploy their Capella which 
combines the CPU and the GPU? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, in fact, JoAnne, thanks for the question. It's 
probably the greatest opportunity I've seen in the GPU business in the last 10 years. And the reason for that is because – 
and we've said this as a high level theme for some time, it just had to play out. The challenge of integrating graphics 
into a chipset or into a CPU that has very long design cycles is that by definition, you'll have to integrate many-year-old 
technology into a single chip. 

And this GPU computing idea that we've been evangelizing for three years, some companies really, really didn't believe 
it. They really believed in central processing. And as a result of that, they underinvested in the graphics technology that 
goes into these Capellas and future CPUs with integrated graphics. And so Windows 7 has our Direct Compute, OS X 
has OpenCL, Linux and others has CUDA. And people are developing parallel computing applications all over the 
world. You see it, we see it and every OEM sees it and so the only way to really accelerate or even do a reasonable job 
at those applications is to add a GPU next to it. 

So it doesn't really matter where the display comes from. The display just drives the monitor. The basic 2D graphics or 
the basic 3D graphics just drives the monitor. The parallel processing, the programmable shading and all of those other 
things will come from another processor and we just call that processor the GPU. So I think the adoption is in fact 
going to be quite high when the CPUs integrate basic graphics that are not good enough for the modern operating 
systems. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. So what would we have to assume, or what are you guys assuming the attach rate would 
have to rise to in order to offset the potential loss of the basic chipset business? What kind of attach rates do you 
envision arising over the next year or so? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we don't actually expect much loss in our 
chipset business next year. We have quite a few exciting projects that we're still working on and people are pushing us 


really hard to get more chipsets done. So we're not expecting the decline of it, but we are expecting adoption to increase 
for GPUs next year. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. Can you comment at all, probably not, but can you address at all the issue of the legal 
dispute over the way you can in the future connect your chipset to the system with Intel arguing that you don't have this 
particular license that you need? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, you didn't say – in your question about 
chipsets, you didn't ask specifically about the future and neither did I comment about that. And so it's not related. It's 
just not related. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: No, I... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're not – let me just finish. We're not necessarily 
building chipsets for future Intel buses. We've not commented anything on that. And so you're just going to have to 
wait to see what we come up with. And I think that JoAnne, you've known us for quite a long time now and the one 
thing that you can probably say about our company is we're pretty darn clever. 

There is a lot of ways to skin the cat and we're going to show you more ways to skin the cat than you can shake at. And 
so you just have to wait. Unfortunately, this – I can't give you the punch line and you'll just have to wait for the big 
surprise. Okay? 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay, okay. We'll wait. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang with Wedbush Morgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Yeah. Thanks for the question and great job on the quarter. First one, just... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks a lot. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Yeah. First, just on MCP for a chipset, I know you guys had some good – some positive trends 
for AMD based chipsets there, and then, ION. I was just hoping you could talk in a little bit more detail about how we 
should think about those kind of going forward to next quarter or two? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we have ION projects that are still coming to 
market and ramping into production. So my sense is that ION will still be a growth business for us. And so, we're going 
to have to just wait and see how the market adoptions are. We have quite a few projects that we're still ramping. 

The chipset business, the definition of a chipset is just the companion processor or companion chip to the CPU. And we 
have a lot of companion chips to the CPU that enhances the overall experience. Our focus is really very simple. To 
enhance the computing experience over the baseline capabilities that Intel or AMD provides. And so if I generalize the 
statement with that, the smart people will come up with all kinds of great ideas and we have some really exciting things 
that we're doing for next year. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay, got you. But if we think about, I mean, you guys have clearly seen strong orders just on 
some – I guess, some of the AMD based shipments into Asia, I mean, is that something that we should expect to kind 
of continue, or is that – is ION going to be able to more than offset that type of decline? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, it's actually kind of interesting. In a way, we 
only do well on AMD chipsets when AMD's low end CPUs or mainstream CPUs do well. And so I – our – part of that 
question, part of the answer to that question depends on how well AMD does. 

So we're rooting for them and we like them to do well. On the other hand, we have ION processors that are companions 
to Intel CPUs. And so we're rooting for them, too. And so, we're just rooting for everybody. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Got you. Okay. No, that's helpful. And then, just two quick ones, here, there's been a lot of 
concern about desktop pricing intensifying in the back half of the year here. Just curious what – how you're thinking 
about that, what's your sense in terms of how that's going to track and potentially the impact to margins. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we're always going to compete for the 
business out there and we follow two basic – maybe three basic rules. One is that, we always look for ways to innovate. 
The competition has a basic graphics chip and they will sell it at the lowest possible price to gain share. We will tend to 
take a slightly different strategy all the time. We're always looking to innovate and create new value that we can bring 
to the users and in exchange hope that they will reward us with a higher premium. 

The GeForce brand across the board has a higher premium on almost at every single segment and we hope that they 
will recognize the benefits of the work that we've done with 3D, stereo and CUDA and PhysX so that they'll continue 
to reward us for the value that we bring. 

On the other hand, we'll fight hard for business and we've had to be competitive out there and we're realistic about 
market conditions and we're realistic about the competition and so we'll continue to fight for our business and then the 
last lever is to continue to drive costs down in our company and do the things that are in the control of our company to 
improve our margins. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: I see. Got you. That's helpful. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: And then just last one. I was hoping... 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Patrick, we have guys 
waiting. Can we move on? 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Patrick. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Suji De Silva with Kaufman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Hi, guys. Nice job on the quarter. On the professional... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks a lot. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: On the professional segment, you guys gave a sense that that the orders were the ones that were 
kind of embargoed for a while and now coming back? Or do you sense there's new business, is there any sense of that 
from talking to the sales folks? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: What -- Suji, what does embargoed mean? 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: I just mean, they put them off basically because of the economic downturn and they were delayed 
to now. Is that the sense of where these orders are coming from? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It must be. It's got to be. My sense is that the 
requirement for design tools to create products, to solve problems and research, to discover new science. I think those – 
the demand didn't perish. I'm certain we didn't lose any market share. And so, so it must be, because demand was held 
up. Spending was held up because of cost containment reasons. We're starting to feel the benefits and some of the early 
signs of the stimulus program kicking in. 

And so I think whether it's an industry or in science, in the academia, you know, we're starting to feel much, much 
more positive energy relating to upgrades and new machines. But we're also, you know, Suji, like I said earlier, we're 
going to innovate our way out of it either way. 

And if the market comes back, we'll just get the double whammy, you know, and I can't wait till Quadro goes back to 
our historical levels of 200, $250 million a quarter. And if we add that, add to that all of the new capabilities that we're 
creating, as well as Tesla, I think our enterprise business could be really, really significant and so, you know, but we're 
just going to focus on innovation and when the purchasing power comes back, they are going to have a lot of new 
things to buy. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: One other quick question, Jen-Hsun. The Montevina share that you lost and now you're 
recapturing, can you kind of remind us the dynamics of that share shift and why you think that won't necessarily recur 
going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, the notebook business is very competitive 
and it's a combination of a lot of things. I forget exactly what the reason was when we lost some share. Sometimes we 
don't have the appetite to go for the prices that are needed to win. Sometimes the competition just has a better offering 
or sometimes the competition is already designed in, and so it's just easier to transition to the new platform. 

So there's a variety of different reasons that – there's only one way to win and about 10,000 ways to lose. So looking 
forward, you know, we know what sockets we've already won and the ramp of 40-nanometers will play a big role and 
hopefully we come back. And so we're looking forward to that. I think going forward, we have to invent new ideas and 
new capabilities that really delight our customers and break new ground and we'll win more customers as a result of 
that... 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Fair enough. Thanks a lot, Jen-Hsun. Thank you, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Suji. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of David Wu with Global Crown. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes, good afternoon. Can you talk a little bit about your guidance in terms of revenues? I know you 
had some pretty good seasonal demand, better than seasonal demand in Q2, but Q3 happens to be your – if I recall, 
seasonally best quarter of the year and with 40-nanometer-based products coming on stream, why would the sequential 
growth be such – at such low levels, admittedly from a higher base for FY – the third quarter of this fiscal year? And I 
have a quick question – follow-on, too. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think, David, we have – we're 
not particularly – we don't have any particular greater insight into the economy than you do, but I think that the notion 
of seasonality really needs to be challenged or reset with the new economy. Thinking about the previous season and 
these seasons, just makes no sense. It's a new world out there now. 

And so we're just looking at business every single day and we guide to what we think is the most prudent and the best 
of our ability and it is what it is. Compared to what some other companies have guided, it appears to be quite good and 
so we're just going to have to play it out and see how it turns out. 


<Q - David Wu>: Okay. This week has been a SIGGRAPH week and I understand that our friends at Intel has been 
talking about Larrabee, are there any things that they have revealed to the world I guess this week that is a major – 
meaningful surprise or departure from what your understanding was prior to the SIGGRAPH this week? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is the third SIGGRAPH that they have talked 
about Larrabee and we paid attention to the last two. I have to admit that I didn't pay much attention this time. Not 
because I don't care; we were just very busy. So if you hear anything, let me know, but I've not heard anything from the 
grapevines. 

The important thing is that they now recognize that parallel computing is too important not to invest in. And it's also 
clear that parallel computing is very hard, otherwise it wouldn't have taken so long to build it. And to efficiently auto 
parallelize applications and make it easy for programmers to achieve the level of parallelism that is inherently possible 
in the silicon is really, really hard work and it's something that we've spent the last 15 years of our company and for 
many of us or many of the industry – many of the experts in our company some 30 years of their careers working on 
this problem. 

And so it's not something that just because somebody wants to throw a bunch of CPUs together is going to make it 
happen. So I think one, they recognize the importance of it. Two, it apparently is very hard, and then, three, I can't wait 
to see Larrabee like anybody else. After all this talk, I'm just dying to see it. And so, when I see it, I'll, I'll be – you'll be 
the first to know. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. Just one quick – sneak one quick one in. What is the tax rate we should be using for this – the 
rest of this fiscal year or next year? On a pro forma basis? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Probably for this year somewhere in the 
4, 5% range. Next year, it's anyone's guess, depending upon what happens with tax legislation. But I think it still would 
be in the 10% type of range. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, David. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Can you talk a little bit about the – I guess the overall 
demand environment? You laid some context that the economy is still a little bit uncertain that kind colored your 
outlook for Q3, but based on your order trends, what segments do you think will be the strongest and then – and the 
weakest and can you give us some flavor on what units and pricing for your GPU business did during the quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll let David take the second part and I'll just take 
the first part real quickly I guess because that one is easy. We're seeing strength right now pretty much across the 
board. David? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Shawn, can you repeat the second piece 
of it? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Has to do with ASPs and units. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, units and pricing. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, they're both obviously up, 
quarter-over-quarter, and if you look from an outlook standpoint, we're anticipating them being up again as well. 


From an ASP standpoint, it's kind of – our ASPs are kind of a greatly influenced by the mix of the product that we're 
selling and so we tend to have – product shifts that tend to maintain ASP in each of the three: mainstream, 
performance, enthusiast categories we try and support. So I don't know if there's necessarily a strong indicator 
directionally one way or the other as it relates to ASPs in the GPU segment. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, but the ASPs were up, you said? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: When you look at it from a mix 
standpoint, the mix factors into that, so when you look at it by those three segments I was saying, yes, they were up in 
two of those segments and modestly down in the third. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, and then my last one, did you have any benefit from the sale of the inventory you wrote 
down in prior quarters? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, no, immaterial. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

There are no more questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Jen-Hsun. Please go ahead. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to reporting our results for Q3. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation. We 
ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


