Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Rajvindra Gill 
• Hans Mosesmann 
• Daniel Berenbaum 
• Ross Seymore 
• Shawn Simmons 
• Krishna Shankar 
• Alex Gauna 
• Craig Berger 
• Glen Yeung 
• Arnab Chanda 
• Jim Schneider 
• Shawn Webster 
• Kevin Cassidy 
• Patrick Wang 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. Thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, Vice President, 
Investor Relations. Thank you, sir, you may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thanks, Will. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2011. With 
me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer and David White, 
Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the call to a question-and-answer session. Please 
limit yourself to one initial question with one follow-up question. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations 
website and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until August 19, 
2010. And the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our third 
quarter of fiscal 2011. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 


During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended May 2, 2010, and the reports we 
may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All of our statements are 
made as of today, August 12, based on information available to us as of today and except as required by law, we 
assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all references to market research and 
market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. With that let's begin. 

Rapidly changing market conditions made Q2 a challenging quarter. We experienced softness in PC consumer demand 
in Europe and China, our largest GeForce regions. Weak consumer markets and the weak euro shifted demand away 
from the premium experience PC segment that GeForce serves. 

At the end of Q1 we began selling our new Fermi-based GeForce GTX 480 and 470 GPUs and to strong demand. And 
saw healthy in channel sell-out for GeForce products across our lineup. We entered Q2 with high expectations. As the 
quarter progressed, rising memory costs and the weakness of the euro increased end-market prices of graphics add-in 
cards. In addition, the growing economic concerns in Europe and China began to create pressure on discretionary 
spending. Because discrete GPU attach rates in Europe and China are among the highest in the world, and our share in 
both of these regions is also very high, these factors hit our consumer business particularly hard. 

Today we also announced an additional charge to cover costs resulting from a weak die packaging materials set in 
certain GPU and MCP products shipped before July 2008. This is the same issue we disclosed previously. We provided 
more detail in the CFO commentary which we released prior to the call. 

Although the end markets remain uncertain, we have exciting new products that can drive revenue and share growth. 
We are continuing to regain our GeForce consumer GPU leadership position across the entire product staff. The GTX 
480 has claimed the top spot in the enthusiast segment. Our focus now is on the gamer sweet spot, the $199 
performance segment. In July, we launched the GTX 460. GTX 460 uses our second-generation Fermi architecture and 
delivers the perfect balance of price, performance and power specifically for the 199 segment. The industry reviews 
underscore the 460's unrivaled competitive position. [audio gap] It performs admirably, it's dead quiet, it sips power, it 
runs cool and it overclocks like a monster without voltage modification. End quote. 

GameStar hardware explained, quote, NVIDIA is back. The GPX 460 is fast, really fast and at the same time, enjoyably 
quiet, has much lower power consumption. End quote. [inaudible] also wrote in the following report, quote, if our 
earlier articles have not proved it yet, this one surely puts the final nail in the coffin. The GTX 460 1 gig SLI real-world 
gaming performance is superior to even AMD's fastest high-end single GPU video card in a CrossfireX configuration. 
End quote. AnandTech put it simply, quote, NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 460, the $200 king. End quote. GTX 460 is a 
showcase of the revolutionary Fermi architecture designed from the ground up for DX11. We are now ramping the rest 
of the Fermi GPUs from top to bottom and including notebooks and workstations. 

At SIGGRAPH, we launched the era of computational visualization for designers, engineers, researchers and animators 
with the introduction of our Fermi class Quadro GPUs and new NVIDIA 3D Vision Pro solution. Computational 
visualization combined with the parallel computing power of the Fermi architecture with visualization to enable a 
breakthrough capability for designers. Powered by our new Fermi-class Quadro, artists can create photo-realistic 
imageries for print ads, commercials and movies in minutes rather than hours. Car designers can simultaneously 
optimize design for beauty, as well as for aerodynamics. 

The new family of Quadro GPUs deliver performance that is up to 5 times faster for graphics, and up to 8 times faster 
for performance for computational simulation than our previous Quadro generation. Fermi-class Quadro is the biggest 
discontinuity we have introduced since Quadro FX introduced geometry processing over 10 years ago. Our workstation 
partners Dell, HP, and Lenovo are all racing to engage new markets, as well as upgrading a large installed base of 
Quadro workstations. 


Tesla achieved another record quarter, and continues to make further inroads into our targeted verticals. Last week 
DARPA announced that NVIDIA has been awarded a $25 million [audio gap] the agency calls, quote, a crisis in 
computing. Today's conventional computers are starting to hit practical limits, since they can only do so much 
computation given a certain amount of energy. For DARPA to recognize that NVIDIA should take the lead to discover 
the computing architecture of the future is a recognition of the impact of GPU computing and NVIDIA's contribution to 
computing. Under a 4-year contract, the team plans to build a new class of XO-scale supercomputers that are 1,000 
times more powerful than today's supercomputers using similar amounts of energy. Our team includes Cray, Oak Ridge 
National Laboratory, and several top universities. 

The enthusiasm for our upcoming GPU technology conference in September is another example of the momentum we 
are seeing behind GPU computing. Last year, we exceeded attendees' expectations. This year we have 4 times the 
number of papers submitted, 3 times the sponsorship levels, and are expecting twice the number of registered attendees. 
Industry speakers will discuss the use of CUDA in fields ranging from cloud computing, computer vision, energy 
exploration, life sciences, medical imaging to finance. It is very clear now that parallel computing has reached the 
tipping point, and is accelerating the discovery in a broad range of important industries. 

Finally, in one of our most important initiatives, we need to execute to help our Tegra customers ship their 
next-generation smartphones, tablets, netbooks, and cards. These devices will be the industry's first to offer Tegra's 
dual-core CPUs and HD resolution graphics and video. We will begin production shipments for some of our customers' 
key projects this quarter. We are in the home stretch. 

Regaining GPU leadership and share, ramping Fermi-based Quadro, continued adoption of Tesla, and shipping Tegra 
customers, these are the immediate growth opportunities we are focused on. With that, let me turn the call over to 
David. 

David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Revenue was $811.2 million, down 19% sequentially. GAAP gross margins was 16.6%. GAAP OpEx 
was $309.5 million. And GAAP net loss was $141 million, or $0.25 per share. 

Reflected in these results is the net charge of $193.9 million related to the weak die packaging materials set. 
Non-GAAP net income, which excludes the net charge was $20.1 million, or $0.03 per diluted share. GAAP gross 
margin of 16.6% for the second quarter was unfavorably impacted by two significant events. First, GAAP gross profit 
was impacted by the aforementioned charge; second, the market shift in our consumer GPU business resulted in excess 
inventory of certain primarily older generation products. As a consequence, our second quarter results include charges 
for a large inventory write-down. Excluding each of these items, gross margin would have exceeded our outlook. 

The inventories at the end of the quarter were $434.2 million, up 11.9% over the prior quarter. Notwithstanding the 
inventory write-down, inventory was up as a result of lower actual revenue than was planned early in the first quarter 
when we made wafer start commitments. Our manufacturing cycle time is approximately 4 months. We made 
appropriate adjustments to our build plans over the course of the second quarter, but we don't expect these corrections 
to have a meaningful impact on our inventory levels until the fourth quarter. Net of the inventory write-down we took 
in the second quarter, we believe the inventory mix and our current pipeline is aligned with current market demand. 

Revenue for the GPU business was down 29.5% due to reasons discussed earlier. We do not expect the market 
conditions to change dramatically, but we expect our competitive position to improve and regain some segment share. 
We launched our new GTX 460 into the $199 performance segment, and it has received outstanding industry reviews 
and continues to sell well and gain share. 

Revenue for our Quadro professional solutions and Tesla computing solutions represented 26.5% of total revenue, and 
was up 13.4% over the prior quarter. Tesla achieved another record quarter. Revenue for the consumer products 
business was up 46.5% over the first quarter. Substantially all of the increase was attributable to Tegra. 


Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter were $1.77 billion, up modestly from the 
first quarter. Our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2011: revenue is expected to be up 3 to 5%, GAAP gross margin 
is expected to increase to 46.5 to 47.5%. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be approximately $300 million. Our 
tax rate is 17 to 19%. That includes our prepared remarks and at this point, we'll now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Raji Gill with Needham & Company. 
Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Yes, thank you, 2 questions. One on the revenue guidance of up to 3 to 5%. Maybe you could 
provide a little bit more color on where you see that guidance given the weakness in the PC supply chain. Also on the 
margins, significantly, the guidance significantly higher, what gives you confidence that you would be able to get the 
margins back up to the level? Would you not expect price competition to come back into the market may be just some 
more details on the gross margin guidance would be helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So we are assuming the consumer PC market to remain uncertain. And all of the – the growth 
that we talked about in Mike's previous comments are the ones that we are focused on. GeForce GTX 460 goes into a 
segment of the marketplace that is really about gamers. And gamers come out to buy new graphics cards when there are 
new great games. And this last month we saw the launch of StarCraft II, which is arguably one of the most important 
video games in the entire video game, in the entire PC industry with some 12 million-plus gamers around the world. 
And StarCraft II, for all of the people that are on the phone that knows about it, obviously hasn't been refreshed since 
1998. I think that is over 12 years or something like that. And so the market has been extremely enthusiastic about it 
and the sell through has been really fabulous. And so I think this is a pretty good season for gaming graphics cards and 
GTX 460 is the really the best graphics cards we've ever built for gamers in the history of our company. So, that's one. 

The second one is Quadro Fermi. Fermi-based architecture Quadro is just ramping into production now and the OEMs 
are really enthusiastic about it. The end users are clamoring for it, and so I think this is an opportunity for us to upgrade 
the installed base of Quadro workstations around the world with a revolutionary new architecture. Mike already talked 
about in his comments pretty substantial speed ups from generation to generation. I don't think we have ever seen a 5x 
speed up from one generation to another generation so this is a very, very big deal. 

And then the third thing is Tesla. We had a record quarter in Tesla this last quarter. We've got some exciting new 
products that we're going to ship into the marketplace imminently. And so I think this is a marketplace that is clamoring 
for more processing capability and we are not seeing any effect from the consumer marketplace because of it. 

And then the last part is Tegra. As you know, the most important and probably the fastest growing market computer 
market today is the smartphone and the tablet market and Tegra is our entry into that. We are seeing customers trying to 
pry these chips out of our hands and we have got to get these things shipped into production and they are really exciting 
new products. So, those are the 4 areas where we are confident to see growth, GTX 460, Quadro, Fermi-based Quadro, 
Fermi-based Tesla and our Tegra SoC. 

With respect to gross margins, all of those products that I just mentioned are either at or above the corporate gross 
margins that David talked about. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: And if I could just follow – I appreciate that – just follow up on the consumer PC, the GTX 460 
really driving a lot of this growth. Given the uncertainty in Europe and China and given the fact that you are talking 
about attach rate for discrete graphics potentially coming down or came down this quarter and the exchange rate, what 
makes you confident that you can get the attach rates up or improve demand in those 2 key segments for you? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There's really 2 GeForce markets. One GeForce market is the gamers. It's the GeForce GTX 
market. They are not sold to OEMs, they are not really sold to system builders, they are sold to end users. Most of it is 


sold through e-tail or retail, or the large, the vast majority of it is sold as a retail-based add-in card. In a way, the way 
you can think about GeForce GTX is that it's the game console within the PC. And what really drives the sales of that 
segment of the marketplace is games. 

There is another part of our GeForce business, the lower end GeForce business that is sold to OEMs. The way that the 
OEMs think about GeForce is in those markets, is that it's the ultimate if you will, or the premium – the ultimate 
upgrade or the premium experience PCs. Every PC is built from either AMD or Intel CPUs and various integrated 
graphics. And if you wanted to create a product line with, you know, basic and competitively priced PC on the bottom 
and premium experience PCs on top, the best way to do that is to put a high resolution display on it, and then maybe 
you add 3D Blu-ray to it and you add a discrete GPU to it. And that's really how the vast majority of the PC OEMs, as 
you look around the world, differentiate their premium PCs from the commodity or the baseline PCs. 

And so if you look at that marketplace, that's what I think is uncertain and will continue to assume that it is uncertain 
until it is not. We saw it probably – we saw it before everybody else did and the reason for that is because we are in the 
high-end consumer PC segment. And as memory prices went up and as the euro got weak, and the various end markets 
got soft, the first thing that people did was shifted down price and into integrated graphics. And then, of course, if the 
weakness persists, eventually the number, the total number of units of PCs will decline, which is what people are 
starting to see now. And so I think we are taking a relatively conservative posture with respect to the PC OEM 
business, but the 4 businesses that I talked about just now, I think are business that we feel pretty good about. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Yes, thanks a couple of questions. Can you comment on how you saw PC seasonality 
generally and also, can you comment on the prospects of you doing a buyback? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The second question I will just take very quickly. We talk about these topics at our board 
meeting every board meeting. And the use of cash is a topic that comes up on a regular basis. And so we'll have that 
conversation again at the next board meeting and do the appropriate thing. 

With respect to seasonality, for the overall consumer PC market, we are taking a rather conservative posture about it. 
And we're assuming that what we saw before everybody else – this is, we started seeing weaknesses in the end market 
probably starting in May, and May/June timeframe, late May, early June timeframe. And it's persisted since and I think 
other people are starting to see it across the board now. But we're going to take a relatively conservative posture with 
respect to that segment of the market. 

The 4 businesses that we see growth in, we feel pretty good about. And they are not affected by the end consumer 
market, the vast majority of that is enterprise business. And although the consumer GeForce business or the GeForce 
GTX business is targeted at gamers, what really drives the sales of that is great games. And it's hard to find a better 
game than StarCraft II to propel the upgrade of graphics cards for gamers. 

And then the last one, smartphone growth and tablet growth. That is the most important segment of the computer 
industry today. And it's a segment that we're entering for the first time starting this last quarter in a small way and then 
with this quarter hopefully in a much larger way. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Hans. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga SA. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Yes, hi guys, thanks for taking my question. Just to clarify, you talked about gross margin 
would have been above expectations if not for the inventory charge. What was the inventory charge? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hans [sic – Daniel] as a company in our 
business, we have inventory write-offs every single quarter. And so the question then becomes what is extraordinary 
and rather than be subjected to how we determine that, I think the easiest thing for us to do is we just simply say that no 
matter how you might calculate what the exceptional piece was, it was large and excluding it we would have exceeded 
our guidance. And as far as the specific amount, that all depends on how you want to make the calculation. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay so then just on my rough calculations, if I back you out to get to above 47% gross 
margin, that sort of gets me to a place where you had a 75 million inventory charge and your days of inventory would 
have been around 110 days. Is that the right order of magnitude and the right way to think about? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's in the range. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay. And then just to follow up, you had commented that we've got these new games, 
there's StarCraft coming out. How do you think about the advent of programs like OnLive which centralizes all of the 
compute and graphics functions and where I am told that you don't need a strong GPU at the local desktop where you 
can stream HD graphics straight to the desktop without actually having a graphics card on your PC. How does that 
affect how you think about games going forward? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the way to think about online is imagine it's like subscription TV. And many people 
have subscription TV, as well as premium content. The way that OnLive works is fabulous and we are wonderful 
partners with them. What you see in the servers is a bunch of GeForces. So, we are excited about the work that they are 
doing. We're excited about getting video games to a larger number of people and making video games much more 
accessible. So, all in all I think it's a fabulous development to have cloud-based GPU computing, if you will, emerge. 

But, the services still needs to reach a much broader audience. Latency matters. And so as OnLive builds out their 
servers and server farms around the world over the course of the next several years or a decade, people still need to be 
able to enjoy games wherever they are. And so I think that's one factor. The other factor is not all games will be 
available from OnLive. StarCraft II for example, is not and WoW will likely not be. And so if you want to enjoy a 
broad range of games, having the ability to play the game on your local PC, as well as being able to serve it off the 
cloud is a wonderful way to enjoy more games. And so we are a huge proponent of it and we work closely with them to 
make the service as good as possible. And in the short term what we see is a growth opportunity in putting GPUs into 
the cloud. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Daniel. 

Operator 

Our next question is comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank Securities. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, guys can you hear me okay? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Just on the inventory charge side of things in the gross margin, is the gross margin benefiting at 
all in the third quarter because of written-off inventory? 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No. We wrote off what we anticipated 
would not be sellable, right, and so it would be inconsistent to assume in one quarter you're going to write it off and the 
next quarter you're going to sell it. So, we wrote off what we believed was in excess, and so our guidance doesn't 
include any of that selling through. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: And again, I heard the earlier question about you not really want to sizing things precisely, but 
could you give us an idea of what the average charge for inventory or write-down would have been over the last few 
quarters just so we can kind of get a ballpark estimate about what it was this time? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I don't think we have disclosed that. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Okay, maybe last question then, a quick one, any help on the graphics side versus the chipset 
side? Any difference in trends in the quarter there, sizing the remaining chipset business you have? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The vast majority, our chipset business was okay, and I think it's dynamic. It's a little bit 
different than the overall discrete consumer PC GPUs. Our chipset business is predominantly chipsets that go into 
Apple computers and that's one way to see its progress. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Rick Schafer with Oppenheimer and Company. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Shawn Simmons>: Hey guys, this is Shawn Simmons calling in for Rick. Just had a couple of questions here. 
What do you guys see the impact from the Intel and FTC settlement recently announced? Is that going to help you with 
your ongoing trial with Intel? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The two different cases are independent and not the same. The first case is obviously the U.S. 
government finding Intel to have practiced businesses and conducted itself in an improper way. And so whatever it is 
that the government does to enforce, you know whatever remedies that they have suggested to Intel or compelled Intel 
to follow are all good things. To the extent that Intel becomes a much better citizen in the ecosystem and conducts 
business in a proper way, that's good for the entire ecosystem. It's good for us, it's good for AMD, it's good for 
customers, OEMs, it's ultimately good for consumers. Our case with Intel is not related to that and it is strictly related 
to a contract dispute related to on one hand chipset license to us and on the other hand a cross-license to them. And so 
particular dispute goes to court, goes to trial I guess towards the end of the year. And so we're looking forward to that. 

<Q - Shawn Simmons>: Okay, great. And then I guess looking at your just core GPU business, you have been talking 
a lot about the consumer side and then the gamers side. Is there any way we can figure out how much of percentage of 
your sales comes from I guess the gamers side and how much you have to the PC OEM side? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would say that it fluctuates from time to time. Obviously, Fermi was late. And GTX 470 
and GTX 480 was about 6 months late, later than we liked, so we lost share in the Q1 timeframe. We started gaining 
share back in Q2 and we're going to gain a lot more share back this quarter with our GeForce GTX business, which is 
targeted at gamers. And so it's hard to say based on the last several quarters with the percentage is. What we do know is 
that we're likely grow into that market place and continue to take share for the remainder of the year as far as we can 
see right now. 

<Q - Shawn Simmons>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Krishna Shankar with ThinkEquity. Please proceed with your question. 


<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Yes, going forward, what do you think is the attach rate of discrete GPUs now in notebooks 
and desktops and how do you see that trending over the next 12 months or so especially with the coming Sandy Bridge 
and Fusion platforms targeted at low to mid-range PCs from both Intel and AMD? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The attach rate of discrete GPUs this last quarter, I believe actually went up. The number of 
GPUs, discrete GPUs in the marketplace was about the same. And so for the last several quarters I don't believe – I was 
shown some Mercury numbers, which unfortunately, doesn't account for our fiscal quarter versus AMD's calendar 
quarter. But anyways, the basic math here is still relatively the same, that the discrete GPU marketplace is the number 
of discrete GPUs totally ship is about the same from the last several quarters and our expectations remains the same the 
next several quarters. Notebooks is way up. Discrete GPUs for channel desktops was down. We believe that a lot of 
that has to do with the fact that DRAM prices had gone up. The euro had weakened. And so people had skewed down. 

And so looking forward, my expectation is that OEMs are going to continue to want to segment their PCs. And for the 
mainstream segment, where the basic performance is what comes with integrated graphics, they will continue to use 
integrated graphics. And for the premium segments, for the premium experience PCs, they will want to have a discrete 
GPU to both differentiate that platform, as well as deliver a better experience. And so my expectation is that that desire 
by the OEMs to differentiate, to segment, to offer a premium experience is not likely to go away. 

Sandy Bridge is going to increase integrated graphics performance just as every generation they have increased 
integrated graphics performance. And so by the time that Sandy Bridge ships, there is going to be some pretty fabulous 
discrete GPUs that ranges from the basic levels that we offer today to the high end. And so we'll see how it turns out, 
but my expectation is that the OEMs will continue to want to segment and differentiate the platforms. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: And my follow-on question is on Tegra. Can you give us some sense for the higher volume 
production here in the October quarter? Is this more smartphones, web tablets? Can you give us some color as to the 
kinds of OEMs you're engaged with? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Just like you said. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: So both smartphones and web tablets? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We hope so. They won't be of equal proportion right off the bat, but we will see which 
devices ship first. But whatever devices ship, they're going to be pretty amazing. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Yes, thanks very much. Jen-Hsun, I believe you mentioned your confidence that you can take 
share back in the back half of the year, but you admittedly said that your products are skewed towards the high end. I 
wouldn't argue that the 460 is going to be a category killer. Can you really take share broadly with your product lineup 
the way it is, or should we expect that we're going to see Fermi get into some of the more mainstream SKUs? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are ramping Fermi from top to bottom on desktop, on notebook, on workstations. With 
respect to market share, we lost – we probably lost a couple, 2, 3 million units, if you will, in market share, and that's a 
lot. That's a lot when you think about it that way. The vast majority as you mentioned of all of that is low-end discrete. 
The price of those GPUs are low teens, anywhere from 10 to, call it, 12, $14. And the gross profit dollars on those 
devices are not extremely high. And so we know how to go win that business back. During the first quarter or so, 
because we were so constrained in supply and the market was so robust, we were reluctant to be too aggressive in 
capturing business that we wouldn't later be able to fill. 


As it turns out, as the market softened in the May timeframe and the June timeframe, that turned out to have been a bad 
decision. And so we're in pretty good posture now and we know how to go take share back in the low end. So, we'll 
take some share back in the low end. And, but more importantly, the profitable segments and the high ASP segments, 
we have a great product line. And so that's our basic approach is to offer the best products in the segments that are 
targeted to gamers, and for the segments that are targeted at OEMs for their premium upgrades and premium 
experience PCs, we have very price competitive products that we can go take share back with. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: In that OEM category, does that start by Q4 or does that wait more until Sandy Bridge in 2011? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It starts right away. [inaudible] 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with Friedman Billings and Ramsey. Please proceed with 
your question. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I guess, can you help us understand how big the chipset 
business is at this point, and how that should trail off over the next say year or 2? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see, it's less than $200 million a quarter, and we'll remain at that rate for probably 
through Q1, or maybe even Q2 of next year, and then it will start trailing off. Not completely to zero because we will 
continue to have AMD integrated graphics solutions in the marketplace, and our expectation is that we're going to 
continue to sell those for, probably through the end of next year. So, that's my expectation of it. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Great. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It'll start declining call it Q2-ish, and then decline towards something a lot less than that by 
the end of the year. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: As a follow-up, the workstation business has ramped pretty meaningfully. Is this a run rate 
sustainable level of business here? Is there some catch-up that is benefiting the numbers right now? And then just one 
last follow-up after that, thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our workstation business has been growing consistently quarter to quarter, but it hasn't 
reached the record levels that it was at a couple of years ago. And so my expectation is that the workstation business is 
going to continue to grow. It's going to continue to grow for two reasons. One, more and more people are upgrading to 
Windows 7 and that upgrade process will affect workstations as well. 

The second reason is, during this time, this last couple years, we have invested in expanding the reach of our 
workstation solutions. Whereas it was predominately used for manufacturing in the past, our workstations are now used 
for broadcast workstations, for 3D television streaming, for postproduction, for video editing, medical imaging, gosh, 
the computational simulations of fluid dynamics. There's all kinds of things that our workstations are now being used 
for. And so, on the one hand, I think that the upgrade cycle is – we're benefiting from the upgrade cycle and then 
secondarily we've invested in expanding the reach of our workstation solution. So, we're just exposed to a much larger 
market. And so my expectation is that our workstation business will surely recover to its record highs and go well 
beyond that. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: My last question is, you guys referenced macro weakness in May and June. Your largest 
competitor did not have similar commentary, and I'm wondering if there's other dynamics at play or what might drive a 
difference between you guys? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think that, well first of all, I don't completely know. We're going to see all of this stuff sort 
out as we see their Q3s. You have to remember that our business is skewed off by a month. And being skewed off by a 


month this last quarter is a pretty big deal, as it turns out, because the market softened in the second month of our 
quarter, which was practically the end of theirs. And so, I think what we're going to find out, how it really sorted out 
probably by the Q3 timeframe. But we saw market weaknesses, not just for ourselves in the end markets, we saw it for 
other people. And we were frankly, surprised by their guidances. But so be it. We'll find out when everything sorts out. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Do you think the weakness is driven by demand, or is it supply chain adjustments? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's end market weakness. I think that at this point, I think most of us believe that Europe in 
Q2 was soft, that the euro was weak. And that naturally would cause some skew downward. And China, they reducing 
their stimulus to the economy has slowed down the market a bit. Now, of course, our business is – we have a much 
larger exposure in Europe and China because our brand is so useful, and so powerful to help the local OEMs enhance 
their brand. And also, because consumers are much more – find video games and content much more appealing out in 
the other markets. I think that those are just incredibly important markets to us. And so our exposure is probably larger 
than theirs. Overall, I think that that we're just going to have to wait and see how their Q3s shake for us to really know. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. Jen-Hsun can you discuss whether or not in your past experience, in periods where the 
economy seems to be decelerating, whether gamers are resilient to that or do they have to follow the economic 
conditions? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Glen. Well I think that there is some impact surely to the economy. But there's nothing 
like great games. And to the extent that – it's kind of hard to think about StarCraft II as a game. I really think of 
StarCraft II as an event. This is a once-a-decade refresh to one of the most important video games of all time. This is – 
StarCraft, as you know, is a cultural phenomenon in many countries. They watch StarCraft competition on TV. There's 
a StarCraft channel. There are StarCraft teams. So, in many countries, StarCraft is just a very, very big deal. And so 
this is a very welcome upgrade. And the game is absolutely beautiful and GTX 460 is perfect for it. And so my sense is 
that for the 12 million StarCraft players out there, there is some serious upgrading to do. And my sense is that that 
should far overcome any softness in the marketplace. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. Thanks. You also sound quite confident that Tegra will grow in the quarter. And I wonder if 
that prompts you to adjust your Tegra run rate forecast? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm not sure I understood the question. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Glen, I think we've given guidance on 
that in the past and I think at this point it would be early to call whether we're going to exceed that or not. So, I think 
we hold to that. We still feel very bullish about the product obviously. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda with Roth Capital Partners. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thank you. I have 2 questions. One is, Jen-Hsun, I know you don't want to give specific 
guidance, but could you talk a little bit about by the time your chipset business either becomes really small or maybe 
even goes away, do you think Tegra and Tesla would be big enough to offset that? And I have a follow-up please. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: My sense is that the chipset business will be, you know, about 0.5 to 0.25 its size in Q4 of 
next year. And so if you roughly said, it's about 0.25 of its size. Would Tegra and Tesla be able to make up for the 
difference, both in revenues and surely much, much more in terms of gross profit dollars, my sense is yes. 


<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Okay great, and then one other question about your sort of Quadro and Tesla business. Do you 
think that, is Quadro, are you at a point where you have basically completed the penetration in the market and it's really 
more about Tesla for that entire product line? Or do you think there is multiple opportunities left in terms of the growth 
in that business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Quadro has wonderful growth opportunities ahead of it. First of all, people where buy 
workstations and upgrade their workstations on the rhythm of the companies themselves. The automobile industry that 
uses Katea or the airplane industry or the tennis shoes industry or, they all upgrade on different cycles and they use 
different packages and more and more industries are using digital approaches to prototype or style or simulate just like 
we do. In your industry you use computational finance, in my industry we used DDA simulations and EMI simulations 
and we use all kinds of simulations to predict the outcome of our product. And whether it's in design or manufacturing 
or advertising or broadcast or medicine, more and more people are using digital approaches to predict the outcome of 
their products. And so I think that the market is surely expanding. 

The other factor that's really exciting for us and what's so great about Fermi Quadro is that it's such a great 
discontinuity relative to anything that we've shipped before. I don't know that we've ever shipped a product that is 5 
times faster in the type of applications that it's used in from generation to generation. And so we're looking forward to 
upgrading the installed base in addition to the natural growth and the natural upgrade of the workstation market. So, I'm 
really excited about Quadro and we're looking forward to seeing how it goes in the marketplace. The OEMs are really 
excited about it as well. We have HP and Dell and Lenovo are geared up. Fujitsu seems all geared up to – these are our 
workstation partners – geared up to take Quadro Fermi to the market. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess to start off on the notebook GPU 
business for a second. Can you give us a sense if I just isolate that, you mentioned that the market itself for notebooks 
was up in the quarter. Was your business also up for notebooks in the quarter and then do you expect the notebook 
business in Q3 to be better or worse than your guidance for the corporate in Q3? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: What was the last part of that question? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Are you talking about, James you're 
talking about the Q3 guidance? 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Yes, your Q3 guidance. Do you expect notebooks to be up in Q3 or essentially better than your 
corporate guidance for Q3? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, so you look at Q2 notebooks and 
desktops were both down. Obviously, we missed our original guidance by a fairly large amount and both of those were 
key contributors to that. If you look at our guidance into Q3, we're expecting both of them to be up, obviously not by a 
lot given that we're only guiding 3 to 5%. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Okay, fair enough. And then it looks like your OpEx ticked down a little bit in the Q2. Can you 
give us a sense of what expenses you may have kind of cut back on in Q2 and then how we'd expect – what markers 
you look for as business recovers, how you bring back spending incrementally and what are the things you'd bring back 
first versus later? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, if you look at the expenses that 
we worked on reducing, and so forth they cover a broad range of things. They cover things in terms of how we tape out 
products, how we kit prototypes for engineering test vehicles, it covers the minutia of things like travel and the things 
that are not very exciting. But we have been fairly diligent across the entire business trying to figure out how do we 
reduce waste, how do we economize in terms of our expenses without naturally impacting our development plans, and 


so forth. And going forward, right now certainly in the environment we are in today, we don't see our attention on 
expenses abating anytime soon. We do have continued efforts in reducing costs, but we also have cost pressures going 
in the other direction. And so our guidance is kind of a recognition of the fact that we think for the time being at least 
that the cost reductions that we will implement in the third quarter will offset some of the upward cost increases that are 
going in the other direction. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yes, thank you. Within the cost of goods sold for that $181 million, how much of that was due 
to the product recall charge? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: You mean that versus the litigation, is 
that what you mean, Shawn? 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Is there litigation within the cost of goods sold as well? Yes, how much were those 2 
combined? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We don't really break that out, but let 
me be a little bit clear. When we talk about litigation, there's the cost of the litigation itself, but then there's also the cost 
of the remedies. All right, and so the remedies have to do with repair costs, and so forth. And so there is a piece of it 
associated with cost of goods that's naturally as a result of the settlement itself. And we don't break that out. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And for your inventories going into Q3, do you expect them to be flat, down or up? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Probably modestly, a modest change 
only at this point. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: A modest change up? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: When I say modest, it'll be either 
modestly up or modestly down. I'll basically say it's basically flat. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, got you. And I understand there was a mix effect happening in the quarter. Can you tell 
us what your GPU ex the MCP business, the pricing bid sequentially for Q2? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, we don't disclose that. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. How about the tax rate? So the tax rate is coming up, can you share with us why that's 
popping up? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, so if you look at our business, our 
taxes are basically a function of how much income we make. And as our income goes down, some of the jurisdictions 
where we operate and pay taxes in, that income doesn't necessarily go down, and so the taxes there, you might almost 
view as a fixed cost to the company. And so as our total overall income goes down, those taxes stay flat and hence, our 
rate goes up. And vice versa. When our income goes up the rate goes down. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy with Thomas Weisel. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Hi, yes, just 2 quick questions. On enterprise, last night we heard from Cisco saying that they 
are seeing a slowdown in enterprise. Can you describe what's different? Maybe the product refreshes causing more 
demand for your products or maybe if you could describe what's happening geographically? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, our enterprise business is a little different than an enterprise desktop or a router per se. 
If you look at our workstation business, the workstations are used to create the essential products of those companies. 
And to the extent that those companies believe that their workstations are no longer high-performance enough or 
capable enough to handle the level of complexity or the amount of simulation they would like to do in simulation, they 
will naturally upgrade. Frankly, most of these workstations these days, by buying the workstations, you're reducing the 
cost of development of most of your projects. PC users are able to do more of it in the digital world where virtual 
prototyping is much just much more cost-effective than real prototyping. And so, you know, it's not a clear comparison 
to us. And right now we are not seeing, we are not seeing changes in the nature of the business in the various markets. 
We are frankly, too busy right now ramping Quadro based on our Fermi architecture, and so the enthusiasm is quite 
high right now. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay, great. And maybe if there – do you see any new competition or any changes in the 
landscape there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The workstation market is not about a graphics chip and is not about a graphics card. And 
this is something that the vast majority of our competition just no longer understands. People aren't buying our Quadro 
solution a chip at a time. They are trying to solve a problem and it could be that they are trying to ray trace a car so that 
they could see a photorealistic image of it while they're trading off various designs. It could be that the data set is just 
absolutely enormous and they need to have the scalability and the scalable solutions that we provide. It could be that 
somebody's workstations needs to be virtualized and have a Windows XP – excuse me, Windows NT on one or 
Windows, or Linux on the other and both of them has to be accelerated. And the fact that we have the best software 
stack for both Linux, as well as Windows in the world makes a huge difference. And so the list of reasons why people 
choose Quadro is quite deep. This is an area where we have a great deal of passion for it and one in which we do an 
extremely good job. And so the bar is pretty high. And we're not seeing any significant competitive changes out there 
that we notice right now. 

Operator 

And our last question comes from the line of Patrick Wang with Wedbush Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Great. Thanks so much. Hey Jen-Hsun, can you talk about your, I guess just a high-level view of 
the competitive landscape in graphics? I guess what's your best sense in terms of the pricing trends and I guess what 
kind of pricing you're baking into your gross margin guidance? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: What kind of pricing. Well we have more high-end exposure today than we've had in a 
couple of quarters, and so that's a positive thing. On the mainstream product, if we want to go gain share back, we'll sell 
several million more lower ASP products, and so that will have a negative trend on ASPs. And so we'll see how they all 
add up. But we're relatively comfortable with the gross margin guidance that David gave earlier. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, the guidance contemplates that. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: I see, got you. That's helpful. Okay, and then just for a follow-up, I guess in your prepared 
comments you stated that channel inventory levels had come down. Can you help us understand how much the product 
mix of that inventory and how that compares to I guess levels that are comfortable or maybe historical for you guys? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So we get inventory reports out of the 
channel on a fairly regular basis. So, I can't tell you other than from an aggregate standpoint that generally the trend has 
been down for the last 3 months. We expect it to go down again in the third quarter. But even though it is trending 
down, it's relatively at levels that would be consistent with historical averages in the industry over time, which have 
been traditionally somewhere around in the 7, 8-week type of level. We certainly have periods when it's been a lot 
lower than that. We've had periods when it's been well above that. But today it's relatively close to the historical 
averages. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And Patrick, if you think about channel inventory, because most of the inventory is traveling 
by sea for the lowest possible cost freight, some 3 to 4 weeks of that 7 to 8 is material that is sitting in the ocean going 
across, right. And so what's really available in the channel is 3 to 4 weeks or so. And so I think if we're seeing these 
levels, we all feel pretty good about it. 

Operator 

And there are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to you, sir. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thanks, everyone. We look forward to talking to you at our next quarter results. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


