Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

[Call begins abruptly] ...NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin today's call, I would like to take care of 
some general administrative items. Your lines been placed on a listen-only mode until the question and answer segment 
of today's call. 

During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures about net income diluted net income per share 
and gross margin when talking about our results. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures 
to GAAP financial measures in our financial release which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at 
www.nvidia.com. Unless otherwise noted all references to research numbers throughout the call come from Mercury 
Research. 

This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Please be aware that if you 
decide to ask a question, it will be included in both our live transmission as well as any future use of the recording. 
Also, shareholders can listen to a live webcast of today's call via the Investor Relations page of our website at 
www.nvidia.com. The webcast will be available for replay until the company's conference call to discuss its financial 
results for its third quarter fiscal 2008. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
Forward-looking statements, including statements as to our outlook, seasonality, the impact, features, performance and 
availability of our products and technologies, our strategies, growth and growth drivers, market share, and the 
importance of and uses for GPUs, pertain to future events and are subject to a number of significant risks and 
uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ materially from results discussed in any forward-looking 
statements. For a complete discussion of factors that could affect the company's future financial results and business 
please refer to the company's Form 10-Q for the period ended April 29, 2007, and the reports on Form 8-K filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All forward-looking statements are made as of the date thereof, based on information available to us today, except as 
required by law the company assumes no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast contains 
time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of August 9, 2007. Consistent with the requirements under 
Regulation FD, we will be providing public guidance directly in the conference call, and will be unable to provide 
significantly more information in offline conversations or during the quarter. Therefore, questions around our financial 
expectations should be asked during this call. 

At the end of our remarks, there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask questions, please 
limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow one follow up question. 

I will now hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 


[audio gap] revenue, record net income and record gross margin. For our second quarter, revenue grew 36% from last 
year to a record 935 million and non-GAAP net income increased 77% year-over-year. Non-GAAP gross margin 
improved to a record 45.6%, an increase of 290 basis points from a year-ago. GAAP net income nearly doubled 
year-over-year. And GAAP gross margin improved by 280 basis points from a year-ago to a record 45.3%. We 
achieved a record quarter despite Q2 being historically the seasonally slowest quarter of the year. 

Let me highlight some of our achievements for Q2. The GeForce desktop and notebook product lines each achieved 
record revenue. The desktop GPU product line grew 37% year-over-year, and the notebook GPU product line grew 
129% from last year. We continued to capture leading share in five categories: total Standalone GPU share grew to 
66% from 48% a year-ago; total Standalone desktop GPU share grew to 65% from 51% a year-ago. Total Standalone 
notebook GPU share grew to 68% from 37% a year-ago. Our DirectX 9 generation share was 64% and DirectX 10 
generation share was 75%. 

During the quarter we launched a new family of GeForce 8M Series GPUs and supported the production ramp of nearly 
every notebook PC OEM in the world including Acer, Apple, ASUS, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Samsung, Sony, and Toshiba. 
The global notebook PC segment continues to grow significantly faster than the overall PC market. We believe Q3 
growth will continue its strong momentum. 

In June we launched Tesla, our entry into the High Performance Computing industry. HPC Wire, the most recognized 
and accessed news and information site covering the entire ecosystem of high performance computing, named Tesla as 
one of the most significant launches in the HPC industry in the first half of 2007. The Tesla family consists of the C870 
GPU Computing Processor, the D870 Deskside Supercomputer, and the S870 1U Computing Server. 

nForce 650i SLI powers the new Maximum PC Dream Machine 2007. This is the third consecutive year nForce has 
been selected as its motherboard of choice by the number one magazine for home computing enthusiasts. Maximum PC 
chose nForce 650i SLI because of its performance, its over-clockability with quad-core CPUs and SLI support. 

We introduced an entirely new line of notebook workstation GPUs based on G8X architecture, the NVIDIA Quadro FX 
1600M, 570M, and 360M. 

Let me now turn the call over to Marv to discuss our financial results in more detail. I will return in a moment to 
discuss our business and growth drivers for Q3 and beyond. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Jen-Hsun. Before I get started, I'd like to apologize for the coughing, irritating coughing you may hear in the 
background; that's me. I'm fighting a little case of bronchitis, so I apologize for that. Today we are reporting both 
GAAP and non-GAAP P&Ls for Q2 fiscal year '08, and for the first six months of fiscal year '08. The only difference 
between GAAP and non-GAAP is equity based compensation and its tax effect. 

As mentioned, revenue for the second quarter was 935.3 million which is up 91 million or 11% from the first quarter 
and up 248 million or 36% over the prior year. Obviously this strong revenue growth exceeded our guidance. The 
strength was primarily on the GPU business. While MCP grew $12 million or 8% quarter-to-quarter we had expected 
this in our guidance. The strength in the GPU business included both desktop and notebook. In total, the GPU business 
grew 20% quarter-to-quarter. Within the GPU business, notebook grew 50% quarter-to-quarter as the Santa Rosa 
launch was well accepted. Much of the growth in desktop was in mainstream products. Year-to-year, GPU revenue was 
up 55% and MCP is up 16%. 

For the quarter, GAAP gross margin was 45.3% which is up 30 basis points quarter-to-quarter. Non-GAAP gross 
margin was 45.6%, up 20 basis points quarter-to-quarter. With the very high growth we experienced in mainstream 
GPUs, we expected margin pressure. But we were able to overcome that with continued execution of the transition to 
GeForce 8X products and good operational execution. 


Non-GAAP operating expenses in the quarter were 212.5 million, within our guidance. The GAAP operating expenses 
were relatively flat quarter-to-quarter as the total equity based compensation dropped by approximately 8 million from 
the first quarter. We had expected this roll-off due to several contributing factors one of which is the transition from 
Black Sholes to a binomial valuation model that we made several years ago. 

During the quarter we continue to hire and added 299 new employees. Two thirds of the additions were in the R&D 
area. The tax rate stayed constant at 14% and this resulted in GAAP earnings of 172.7 million or 43 cents per diluted 
share. Non-GAAP earnings were 198.1 million or 51 cents per diluted share. 

On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with 1.57 billion in cash even though we repurchased almost 125 million in 
stock. 

The operating cash flow was over 300 million for the second quarter in a row. Accounts receivable were 508 million 
which generated days sales outstanding of 50 days. The fact that the quarter was more evenly loaded than expected 
helped with a reduction in days sales outstanding. 

Inventory was down 56 million to 276 million, and resulted in days sales in inventory of 49 days. In my opinion this 
inventory level is too low. Capital expenditures in the quarter were 30 million and depreciation was 32 million. Both 
for the quarter and year-to-date capital expenditures and depreciation almost offset each other. There was not much else 
of significance on the balance sheet. I would also like to point out that today we announced a three-for-two stock-split 
in the form of a stock dividend 

On the outlook; for the quarter we're starting from a higher base given our Q2 performance. Still we expect revenue 
growth in most areas, particularly notebook and workstations. The result as we believe will, revenue will grow 5 to 7%. 
We believe there maybe some product limitations as manufacturing capacity is somewhat limited and our inventories 
are low. 

For gross margins, we will work hard to continue to improve gross margins, and with the continued transition to 
GeForce 8X products, and the expected increase in workstation revenue, we believe we have – we believe some 
improvement is possible. 

For operating expenses with our continued hiring and salary increases, we expect OpEx to also grow in the 5 to 7% 
range. We believe the tax rate will hold at 14%. 

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Marv. Although Q2, is typically the weakest seasonal quarter for the industry we experienced growth in 
desktop, in notebook GPU and MCP. We are now heading into what are historically the two strongest quarters of the 
year driven by back to school and holiday cycles. As we head into the seasonally strong second half we will enjoy 
several dynamics that continue to enhance the importance of the GPU. First exciting DX10 games are launching 
shortly. Crysis from EA is particularly exciting and will help drive GPU upgrades. Second HD and Blu-ray disk drives 
continue to come down in price and title availability is now plenty. 

Third, discrete GPU technology has advanced substantially relative to integrated graphics creating a large technology 
gap between our discrete GPUs and high volume integrated graphics chips at a time when the graphics demand from 
modern operating systems like Vista and OS10 continue to increase. As a result we expect to see the overall GPU 
segment to grow. And lastly we have a strong position in both desktop as well as notebook and believe we can continue 
to grow share. 

At our Analyst Day in June we announced several brand new growth areas and exciting new strategies. I would like to 
take this opportunity to discuss them again. First is the highly anticipated launch of our first motherboard GPU for Intel 
processors. Directly attached to the motherboard, our new products will bring the NVIDIA brand of GPUs to a new 
price point for Intel processor customers. This is a first for NVIDIA and an exciting new growth opportunity. Second 


we announced an exciting new technology called Hybrid SLI. Future motherboard GPUs and discrete GPUs will 
collaborate to enhance capabilities, performance as well as reducing power. 

We call it hybrid because this technology combines a powerful as well as an energy efficient engine, and SLI because 
this is our multi-GPU technology. When GeForce add-in cards are connected to GeForce motherboards, Hybrid SLI 
kicks in combining their processing power to deliver an additive experience. The technology is application aware. 
Depending on the processing demands of each application, the discrete GPU may be completely shutdown to save 
power, for the most powerful systems where the combined power of dual, GeForce 8800 GTX SLI can reach 400 watts. 
Both GPUs can be powered down when the user is just doing e-mail, surfing the web or watching a Blu-ray movie, 
keeping the system completely quiet and consuming the least possible energy. But when a game or other demanding 
GPU application is launched, the dual 8800 GTXs are powered up to deliver an immersive experience. 

For performance systems, Hybrid SLI will give users the benefit of energy efficiency as well as uncompromising 
performance. And for mainstream systems, Hybrid SLI will enhance the performance and features by combining the 
benefits of the motherboard and the add-in card GPU. Hybrid SLI will be available starting with our GeForce 8 series 
motherboard GPUs this fall. 

Third we announced Tesla, a new line of high performance computing processors based on our revolutionary G8X 
GPU architecture. Tesla leverages the massive computational resources inherent in our GPUs, which can be over 100 
times greater than the fastest microprocessor alone. Its breakthrough innovation centers around technologies that will 
enable programmers to access this massive computational resource. The Tesla architecture and supporting C language 
compiler and development environment is called CUDA. The adoption of Tesla and CUDA has far exceeded my 
expectations. We have known for some time that the world has a supercomputing crisis. The enthusiasm around Tesla 
is a reflection of this vacuum. Thousands of programmers worldwide are already creating parallel GPU programs using 
CUDA and Tesla. 

The Tesla family includes a GPU computing board, a Quadro Plex desk style Deskside system and the world's first 1U 
GPU Computing Server. I believe Tesla and CUDA will represent one of the most significant technology 
discontinuities in the supercomputing industry since Cray introduced Vector Processing. We anticipate Tesla will 
enable fundamental new discoveries in a broad range of industries. Customers in the field of computational chemistry, 
neurological science, medicine and seismic processing have seen computation times reduced by as much as 5000% 
using Tesla. 

Tesla is yet another example of the power of the GPU and its increasing impact on the computer and consumer 
electronics industry. NVIDIA now has three major brands, GeForce for enjoyment, Quadro for creation, and now Tesla 
for discovery. The diversity of our brands reflect the versatility and the importance of the GPU. 

Let us now take your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda [Deutsche Bank Securities]. Please go 
ahead. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thank you. Couple of questions, first of all, obviously the performance in the graphics business 
has been superlative. Do you think any of this is other than obviously share gain? Are you seeing a Vista effect here? 
And if so, what do you think, is this the beginning of it or how long do you think that continues? And I have a 
follow-up please. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, this can't be all share gain, and it is very clear that the size of GPU market, Arnab is 
larger than several quarters ago. And we can only attribute that to a variety of things which we think are either falls into 
the category of Vista. We know that Vista is becoming better and better and PC, consumer PC adoption is certainly 


very high with Vista. And we know that the experience of Vista is significantly better with a GPU and your system. We 
also believe that DX10 applications and the new generation of video games are rather taxing and it's because of the 
technology gap between the GPU and Integrated Graphics. The separation has become so large that it makes it clear 
that a GPU is better. And then the third is reason is Blu-ray and high-definition video. I think all of these things are 
really playing together and helping the GPU market substantially. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thank you. Just one follow-up please, I think most people think or we think maybe we 
understand what's going on in the PC business and what kind of growth rate that would create. However, you have 
obviously done much better growth rate than that in last three years much above 20%. Could you help us maybe 
understand, I know you don't want to give guidance but for next year, what type of growth in non-PC segments, 
whether it's Tesla, whether it's your cell phone business, perhaps consumer or other things you haven't really talked 
about. How much can they add to your sort of core business, your PC business growth? That would be great, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The growth of our GPU business, whether it's discrete GPUs or motherboard GPUs is a 
function of the growth rate of the PC. It's related to the share gains that we have. But it's also related to how much of 
the PC marketplace appreciates a GPU. NVIDIA's market share is about 30% in the overall GPU market. And so there 
is still 60% of the PCs that can benefit from better GPUs. And I think that over time as more and more of the 
computing experience is related to computer graphics and what you see on your display and as the size of displays 
become larger and as the content that we see become richer it's just evident that more and more people appreciate the 
GPU. 

And so that's one factor. With respect to going forward how we think about the market. You know we think about the 
new markets that we enter as we grow. Then the second half of this year I just mentioned that we are going to bring our 
GeForce brand for the first time to motherboards for Intel processors. Hard to say exactly how big that marketplace is 
but I think it's the overall market for core logic is somewhere between 6 to $8 billion of which we have a relatively 
small part of that. So that's a growth opportunity for us. 

We also look at the TAM of the application processors that we are building. You know, we are building we are entering 
into a marketplace that is in the process of transitioning from being a cell phone, a telephone to being a mobile 
computer. And we are targeting this discontinuity and building effectively a modern, multimedia computer on a single 
chip. We call it an application processor. I think this is going to be phenomenal opportunity for us and one that we 
could add a lot of value to the industry, bringing computing expertise to the cell phone marketplace. That marketplace, 
hard to say exactly how big that's going to be, but, it's many billion dollars large as you know. 

And then of course Tesla, Tesla is probably the hardest of all to guess, and the reason for that is because it's the, it's the 
product that is the most disruptive in terms of – in terms of what it can do to the marketplace. It accelerates and 
certainly reduces the processing time for supercomputing applications, high performance applications, whether it's in a 
server configuration or a desk side configuration. So, from workstations to servers, I think we have a real significant 
play there. So, it's hard to guess exactly what it is, but I can't imagine it being too small. And, so that kind of the way 
that, we think about our growth is partly related to share, partly related to the inherent growth of the PC marketplace, 
but mostly it's related to new markets. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Just one, I'm sorry, one last question may be Marv is getting a little bored there. Do you think 
that 20% last three year growth rate should be able to be a sustainable growth rate longer-term or how do you feel about 
that? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: You want me to give you a long range forecast. I am not going to do that, Arnab. You know, 
we have some significant growth opportunities. We have executed very well. I hope and believe that we will continue 
to execute very well. So, the real issue then is how quickly do some of these markets develop, and what is our success 
rate and but beyond that I wouldn't comment. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: All right, well thank you very much, very impressive job. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you, Arnab. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman [American Technology Research]. Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Hi thanks, Jen-Hsun for taking my question. At the Analyst Day you spoke about new 
products in the notebook arena, I know that G80 is really just ramping in production now. So, given what we have seen 
in the marketplace, can you talk about what your timing is for the next generation GPU out of NVIDIA? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, we don't announce products until they are actually on the shelf. But I think the 
NVIDIA rhythm is sustainable and it's a rhythm that we are committed to. And so you know the rhythm that you have 
seen from us over the past several years is something that we are still very committed to. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. Can you talk a little bit, Marv, about the front end and back end – or back end 
constraints that you are seeing? You mentioned that there may be some supply constraints in the October quarter. Can 
you talk a little bit about whether they are front or back end or give us some clarity on what's happening there? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: All of the above. Obviously, certainly in the fab areas, some of the fabs that we use are at 
capacity now and we would like more wafers, let's put it that way, in some of the fabs that we use. So there is a 
limitation there. There has been some constraints in both assembly and test as well. I think we can manage our way 
around most of the constraints in the back end more easily than we can around the constraints in the front end. But 
there are constraints on both sides. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. I noticed in the July quarter the tax rate came in at less than we were modeling here. 
Is there an update for the tax rate going forward, is there something that happened there? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Tax rate was 14% in Q2, consistent with Q1. And, you know, we are anticipating a 14% tax 
rate in Q3. So tax rate is flat, 14%. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right, thank you. I must have something here. And then if I missed it, I apologize but the 
quarter-to-quarter growth in both professional and consumer? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Consumer was relatively flat quarter-to-quarter, professional was down about 10% and I 
would before, somebody jumps on that one, we didn't have to push it, revenue was good. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Clearly. Congratulations on the excellent execution. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot Doug. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of David Wu [Global Crown Capital]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes, thank you. And Marv, I'm going to take advantage of vocal chords, can you just talk about, 
little bit about the, the strength of your Q2 results because, you know that the AMD unit volumes snapped back very 
sharply and I thought it would show up in much higher chipset volume. Instead it showed in your mainstream desktop 
volume. Can you explain the difference between the 31% drop-off in your first fiscal quarter, and a more moderate 
rebound into second quarter, I mean on the chipset business? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Same answer that we had in the professional, the workstation business. We didn't have to push 
it, revenue was good and, we had to satisfy the GPU customers first. So, it was not, we didn't have to push it at all 
David. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. Second question is, given how strong – your guidance for Q3 appears to be below normal 
seasonality, I know there are issues with Taiwan foundries and some back end guys. But, if you didn't have the 
constraints on production, would you be having less than seasonal increase in Q3? 


<A - Marvin Burkett>: Who knows? You know, if we had plenty of inventory and we had no manufacturing 
constraints I don't believe there is any reason we shouldn't grow at industry rates in the quarter. But who knows? We 
depleted inventories quite dramatically in Q2, so we are left with less of a reserve in inventory than we would like, 
reserve meaning inventory that's to be shipped. So, that combined with the manufacturing constraints just leaves us 
with some caution. 

<Q - David Wu>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Aberle [Caris & Company]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Thanks guys. Nice quarter. Question had to do with just PC markets, I mean obviously Q2 
probably better than seasonal or it looks like back half is going to be at least seasonal. How are you guys going about 
monitoring inventory out at the OEMs and in the channel, just for fear of double ordering or perhaps over-heating here 
going, exiting 2007? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well over the years we've developed more rigorous channel monitoring capabilities. We 
monitor sell-in; we monitor sell-out at each juncture in the channel and we monitor our customer's inventories much the 
best we can. And so based on what we are seeing right now, inventory looks pretty lean in the marketplace. We expect 
it to remain lean in the marketplace for some time and so we just monitor as we go. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Perfect. And then with respect to the Intel IGP product, should we be thinking of that as just 
beginning to ramp in Q3 and then more of a sequential contribution in Q4? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think that's a fair estimate. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Got you. And then very last question, just because of the constraints at foundry are you guys 
going about qualifying any new foundry partners? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No, we have no plans. We've, we have very close working relationships with our foundries 
and they are the best foundries in the world. And we do as rigorous of a job planning with them as just about anybody 
on the planet, and they've come through for us time and time again. My estimation is that they will come through for us 
again. And everything is going to work out just fine. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: What would the target for days of inventory be where you feel comfortable Marv? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, I've always had a target of around 70 days. And so I think that we've been around 70 
days for the most part and been little bit above it in some cases. But you know to be down at 49 days means we have 
pretty lean inventory. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Got you, thanks. Good luck guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hey thanks a lot Nick. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst [Hudson Square Research]. Please go ahead sir. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Yes, good evening. Thanks for taking the call. Two questions if I may. Jen-Hsun you mentioned 
that the graphics capabilities becoming more and more appreciated by wider audience and then I think that's the theme 
that a lot of us share, but can you maybe talk about what progress you've made there either statistically or anecdotally 
and say in the last six months what percentage of NVIDIA GPU buyers either embedded or after-market would be 
gamer versus non-gamers, where was that six months, a year ago and where does it go a year from now? And then I've 
got a follow-up question. Thanks. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, the question you asked is a good one. It's hard to quantify, but let me give you -- let me 
give you some directional- some directional evidence. You know, if you were to go back five years, the only thing that 
really took advantage of the GPU was video games for consumer applications. Today you have Google Earth, you have 
photo editing tools that take advantage of GPUs. You have video editing tools that take advantage of GPUs. You have 
the operating system that takes advantage of the GPU and all of your – all of the animation and all the special effects, 
you know, all of the beautiful things that you see on your display are all rendered by the GPU. You have video 
processing that's done by the GPU now because high-definition video is so taxing and to think about running it on the 
CPU is just not something that you would even dream about. And so there is – there are so many things now that 
requires a GPU. There is Second Life that requires a GPU and that's a social networking application. So the number of 
applications out there that reaches different areas is just really, really growing quickly. And so I think that and it's at a 
time when the GPU is getting harder and harder to build. You notice that the number of second tier chipset companies 
in the world who are building DX10 or even DX9 level GPUs have really fallen of a cliff. 

You know when we say that it costs us $400 million to build a new generation of GPU we actually mean that and 
NVIDIA's R&D, and most of the company today is R&D is running close to $1 billion a year run rate now. And so I 
think it's safe to say that the GPU is very, very hard to build. It's one of the most complex processors ever, anywhere in 
the computing industry and that explains its processing capabilities and the number of applications that take advantage 
of it over time is increasing. And so that, I think I hope that anecdotal gives you a bit of a directional both the number 
of applications and the fact that chipsets, second tier chipset companies are finding it very, very hard to keep up with 
the technology, creates ever more opportunities for us. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Yeah agreed, it was a good anecdotal direction, would love to drill down, later on it. But my final 
question would be on pricing, can you talk about recent pricing trends and then, you know given commentary on yours 
and industry supply constraints. Is there any pricing leverage you have in the back half? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know the ASP of GPUs is probably, well I would say, let me say this, the GPU is 
probably one of the only semiconductor device in the industry that has kept a relatively flat to slightly up ASPs over the 
last several years. And my sense is that it reflects the importance of the GPU. The increasing number of applications 
that take advantage of the GPUs. With respect to pricing, we are expecting to work through our tightness of supply. I 
mean we are not lines down, we are not gapped out. We are not in a bad situation like that. We are just tight and we 
know that the entire industry is tight from PCBs, to DRAMs to others. And so my sense is that that we are going to be 
just fine. In this environment it is not our style and it is not our practice to raise prices and so we don't do that to our 
customers and we are just going to hope, we are just going to work through it. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep thanks a lot Nick. Oh, I am sorry. Thank you Daniel. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Tayyib Shah [Longbow Research]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Hi guys. Congratulations on the quarter. You talked about how mainstream desktop GPU is 
driving the market share gains, which is understandable given the timing of your product refresh versus your 
competitor. Can you talk about the impact you are seeing from AMD's product launch in the OEM channel, especially 
in the enterprise segment? Is that where you see them concentrating their effort? And how does that affect your ability 
to grow your desktop market share in the near term? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our mainstream DX10 GPUs entered the market a solid quarter to two quarters ahead. And 
the momentum is clearly very strong. And the market share data reflects that. You know, we don't win everything in the 
marketplace and we still see a lot of competition from our competitors. And we have to fight hard for every socket and 
every design win that we have. And so, my sense is that we are going to continue to see a lot of competition and I don't 
think anything is going to change despite the environment. So we are prepared for the competition and we'll deal with it 


the best we can and my hope is that that we are in a position because of our – the superiority of our products and our 
market position that we will be able to capture even more share. But we will see how that turns out. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Okay. And a follow-up question is for Marv. You gave us some idea of what you are leaving on 
the table because of the capacity constraints, can you talk about the chances that eventually you may end up getting all 
the supplies that you want or the chance that you cannot – what you cannot ship in the third quarter you still capture 
that in the early 4Q to hit that holiday season window? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, we are going to work very hard to eliminate any supply constraints in Q3. So, we'll have 
to see how it goes. But, we think we can work our way through it. We'll just have to see, question of something left on 
the table in Q3 rolling to Q4, who knows we'll have to see what it is and what the problem is and what the competition 
is, it's just there are too many unknowns. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tayyib, just as a comment, we are not gapped out. It's just tight. And, we know it's tight, 
because we know our foundries are near capacity. And so we have to be much more focused, we have to be much more 
precise in our forecasting and planning with our partners. But, all of that is happening and, so we are optimistic that 
we're going to – we're going to be able to serve all of our customers' needs. And we're just communicating that the 
industry is tight, but that – we are telling you that – we're telling you something you already know. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Thanks guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks Tayyib. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line Gurinder Kalra [Bear Stearns]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Hi, this is probably a question for Marv. Marv, how much of the margin potential, the margin 
appreciation you might have expected with the G80 line is already in the numbers, and how much more could it impact 
your margins going forward? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, it's a combination of factors. A substantial portion of our current GPU revenue is in the 
G8X family, but we continue to make progress in reducing cost even within that family. So, there is still a ways to go. 
We can still do better, are we more than 50% into G8X family? Yes. Are we 100%? No. So, we have got ways to go 
but also even if it were 100% we can make further cost reductions. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Okay great. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And Gurinder just to add some flavor to that, everything Marv says is dead on. Where we 
have the opportunity to improve gross margins going forward remains in the same well where we found the last nearly 
what is that 18% of gross margin improvement and that's operational excellence. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Right. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And we have, I still – and Marv and I both have plenty of ideas on ways that we can improve 
the operational efficiency of our company and eliminating waste and improving quality along the way for our 
customers. There are just so many things that we can still do. And that's were we are going to focus. I think DX8, DX7 

– excuse me G7X was a wonderful architecture for us and G8X is an even better architecture for us. But nonetheless I 
think the well for gross margin improvements is right over operational efficiency. 
<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Great. I mean question related to that where do you think margins are for your Tesla product 
as they compare to your corporate average or what you get in your professional solutions business? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Much higher. 


<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Okay, anyway to quantify that much? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well I think in the end its going to reflect the speed-up by which we deliver for applications 
and that still remains to be seen. We are working on that now. And you know it ranges, it ranges anywhere from a lot to 
a ton. And so we are trying to figure that all of that stuff out. It's also a brand new product and it's in a brand new 
market. You know, this is something that the world's never seen before and so it's hard to precisely set the right price. 
But we are working with our partners and all of the customers around the world now to make sure that we do 
something that enables rapid adoption and allows us to substantially increase our level of investment for it. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Great, thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah thanks a lot, Gurinder. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski [Goldman Sachs]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Hi thank you. A question for Marv first, what was your pricing change in the GPU business 
in the quarter sequentially? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Relatively flat. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Thank you. And then just a follow up on that maybe for you or Jen-Hsun. Just on pricing 
more generally, we had noticed in the retail channel some price cuts in the very high end and also some of the lower 
end segments. Just curious if those pricing actions were done by people in the channel or in retail kind of regardless of 
what you guys did as far as pricing goes and if you could just kind of give us a little bit more color on that, especially 
given it comes on the heels of six to eight months of pretty stable pricing? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The 8800 demand is really, really solid and it continues to be very good going into the 
second half of the year. We haven't done any substantial pricing actions that I know of and but we have a lot of partners 
in the world and they have their own strategies and we don't mandate our strategies on them. And so maybe what you 
are seeing is something that's really reflected from that. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Thank you for that color. And then just last one I guess for Marv as well. Marv, given that 
a lot of the strength in the business is coming from the GPU side, is that in any way affecting kind of the timing of 
when you think you will reach the 47% gross margin target? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, I don't think so. I want to emphasize again that don't put too much into the -that the MCP 
and the workstation group didn't grow as much as you might have thought. We just didn't have to push it. So I still 
think that in a mix that's inherent on the business, that we can achieve that gross margin. We'll see. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: So you have some of that flexibility I guess to the upside in the workstation business in the 
next couple of quarters? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I would think so. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay, terrific. Thank you so much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks Simona. 

Operator 

We have a question from the line of Mark Curlin, please go ahead. Mr. Curlin your line is open. If your line is muted 
sir, please unmute your line. All right, well his line seems to have muted itself. Sir we have no further questions at this 
time. I will turn the call back to you. 


Jen-Hsun Huang 

NVIDIA delivered an outstanding quarter with record revenue, record gross margin, and record net income. These 
results reflect the growing importance of the GPU as well as great execution across the company. Our ongoing strategy 
to extend the reach of the GPU is paying off. There is a fast-growing universe of applications that rely on the 
processing capability of the GPU, from 3-D design and styling tools, video and photo editing software, 3-D maps and 
video games to the user interface of the Mac and Vista. The GPU can surely enhance the computing experience for 
everyone from artists, engineers and scientists to gamers and everyday PC users. As the leading and only dedicated 
GPU company in the world, our opportunity has never been more exciting as the number of applications and digital 
devices that benefit from the GPU continues to grow. 

Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to reporting on our results for Q3. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you 
now disconnect your lines. Have yourself a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


