Q1 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Chris Evenden 
• Karen Burns 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Ross Clark Seymore 
• Daniel A. Berenbaum 
• Harlan Sur 
• C. J. Muse 
• David M. Wong 
• Brendan Furlong 
• Romit J. Shah 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• Doug Freedman 
• Uche Orji 
• Daniel Gelbtuch 
• Suji De Silva 
• Rajvindra S. Gill 
• Craig S. Berger 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Ashley and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the NVIDIA Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there 
will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Christopher Evenden, Senior Director of 
Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 

Chris Evenden 

Thanks, Ashley. Good morning, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call on the first quarter of fiscal 2013 results. 
With me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Karen 
Burns, Interim Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the call to a question-and-answer 
session. Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow up. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations website 
and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until May 15, 2012, and the 
webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our second quarter of 
fiscal 2013. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed 
without our prior written consent. 


During the course of this call we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-K for the fiscal January 29, 2012, and the reports we may file 
from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All our statements are made as of today, May 11, 2012, based on information available to us as of today and, except as 
required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all references to 
market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

During this call we may discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release which is posted on our website, or in the case 
of our fiscal year 2013 outlook, the reconciliation is posted on our Investor Relations website. 

With that, let me begin. Each of NVIDIA's businesses performed at least in line with expectations the quarter, with 
notebook graphics and Tegra coming in slightly higher than we had anticipated. As expected, we faced headwinds from 
the soft economy and high hard drive prices, which biased the PC mix away from the channel in favor of OEMs. 

However, our competitive position was enhanced in mid-March with the launch of our new Kepler GPU architecture. 
Kepler is more powerful, more compact and more efficient than anything before it. Kepler is also our first architecture 
to include virtualization technology built right into the GPU. And we'll talk more about what that means at our GPU 
Technology Conference next week and at our upcoming Analyst Day on May the 24th. 

Our first Kepler product was the GeForce GTX 680, which is 10% faster, 20% smaller, and 22% more power efficient 
than its direct competitor. Of more than 130 media reviews published so far, each and every one of them recommended 
our GeForce GTX 680 over the competition. Kepler is the most efficient GPU architecture we've ever created and we 
expect this to translate into more market share at higher margins. 

Less than two weeks ago, we launched our second GeForce Kepler product, the GeForce GTX 690, which uses two 
Kepler GPUs to set a new bar for performance. The 690 is a gorgeous piece of engineering and industrial design and 
this is widely noted by the press. The public reaction speaks to the degree of craftsmanship and pride our engineers and 
designers put into their products. PC Magazine, which is a mainstream technology publication, described it as, "The 
card to cherish." Enthusiasts' sites went ever further with HardOCP calling it the most perfect card they've ever tested. 
Their review have found it to be, and I quote, "The finest looking, best performing, most efficient dual GPU card in the 
world with unsurpassed design and engineering." 

And yesterday we launched the GTX 670 to even better reviews. These cards enter a healthy PC game market. We 
launched the 690 at our GeForce LAN and Video Gaming Festival in Shanghai. The event had 8,000 live attendees 
competing with a passion that has to be seen to be believed, and more than a million people viewed the two-day contest 
online. 

Notebook revenue hit a record in the first quarter as we refreshed our notebook GPUs top to bottom with the launch of 
the GeForce 600M series. The unprecedented power efficiency of GeForce 600M notebook GPUs has enabled new 
notebook form factors like that of the Acer Aspire Ultrabook M3. Putting a GeForce 600M GPU in an ultrabook makes 
that ultrabook makes that ultrabook truly worthy of the ultra tag. 

All indicators are that strong growth will continue for our notebook business through Q2 and Q3 driven by Kepler 
design wins on the Ivy Bridge platform. Our visibility into OEM builds suggest that the attach rate, stable for the last 
three years, will remain strong. 

We'll be instituting more Kepler GPUs in the coming quarters. Demand is high for Kepler, and although supply will 
continue to improve, we are not able to meet all our OEM and channel demand in Q2. We do not expect the 
28-nanometer supply situation to resolve itself until later this year. This is factored into our current outlook. At this 
point we can sell everything we can get. 


I'll now turn to our Tegra business. The world's first Tegra 3 phone was launched in February by HTC. The HTC One 
X is their new flagship product and has delighted reviewers worldwide. This is the first phone we've had that launched 
day one across multiple carriers. Tegra 3 gives it a long battery life thanks to the Plus-1 quad-core architecture, console 
gaming, console quality gaming, and fast web browsing. And because Tegra 3 utilizes a specially enhanced 
40-nanometers process, it's not affected by 28-nanometer supply constraints. Other phone wins announced at Mobile 
World Congress include ZTE with the first Tegra plus Icera phones, Fujitsu, LG, and KTouch. Tegra 3 phones are now 
shipping from 22 carriers in Europe and Asia and more will follow shortly. 

The launch this past quarter of the first two phones with our Icera baseband processors signals a new opportunity for 
NVIDIA to penetrate the mainstream smartphone market and to capture a greater share of the silicon BOM [Bill of 
Materials] in each phone. Looking forward, you'll see Tegra 3 LTE phones with partners' baseband processors in the 
second half of this year and then next year with our own LTE baseband processors as well. Additionally, we remain 
very excited about Tegra's opportunity in Windows on ARM. Progress continued this quarter with Microsoft shipping 
development PCs powered by NVIDIA's Tegra 3 mobile processor to Windows 8 developers and device makers. 

Microsoft itself has made some important recent announcements about Windows on ARM, particularly those referring 
to its suitability for enterprise applications. And related, Forrester has predicted that 375 million tablets will ship in 
2016 and almost one-third of these will be bought directly by business. Even for the rest, Forrester believes that most 
consumers will use them for work as well as at home. 

Before handing things over to Karen, I'd like to remind everyone that our annual GPU Technology Conference takes 
place next week. We're bringing together several thousand scientists, engineers and academics together to share, learn 
and network. Jen-Hsun will be presenting a major keynote at 10:30 AM on May 15 and it's well worth listening online 
if you can't be there in person. We'll also have keynotes from a Princeton researcher using GPUs to model collective 
behavior and the leader of a team competing for the Lunar X-Prize. Many of the best minds in computing will be there. 

Finally, I want to highlight our annual Investor Day on May 24. If you'd like to attend, please email me or visit our 
website at nvidia.com/ir to register. 

Now over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Chris. 

Revenue was at the high-end of our outlook at $924.9 million on the strength of our new Kepler GPUs we launched in 
the quarter as well as from strong performances in our notebook and Tegra businesses. GAAP gross margin for the 
quarter was 50.1%; non-GAAP was 50.4%; both at the high-end of our outlook, again, on the strength of our new 
Kepler GPUs and desktop and notebook. Our GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 1.3 and 2.1 percentage points 
lower than the prior quarter respectively, largely due to the impact of 28-nanometer supply shortages we experienced 
for our new Kepler products. 

GAAP OpEx was $390.5 million; non-GAAP was $348 million, both slightly above our outlook. The 
quarter-on-quarter increase was largely attributable to planned hiring and related infrastructure spending to support our 
strategic businesses as well as the impact of the payroll FICA tax reset that affects every first quarter. These results 
contributed to a GAAP net income of $60.4 million for the quarter or $0.10 cents per diluted share; and non-GAAP net 
income of $97.5 million or $0.16 cents per diluted share; both slightly above the midpoint of our expectations. 

Revenue results by business segment were as follows. Our GPU business was down 6.7% quarter-on-quarter due to the 
28-nanometer supply shortage, which largely impacted our high-end desktop business as well as shorted supply for our 
new Kepler GPUs for notebook. Our professional business was down slightly at 4.2% from the fourth quarter within 
normal seasonality. Our consumer business was up 20.8% on the strength of our Tegra business as we launched Tegra 
3 for smartphones and tablets, offset by a decrease in our embedded business. 


For GAAP our outlook for the second quarter is as follows: revenue of $990 million to $1.05 billion; gross margin of 
51.2% plus or minus 1 percentage point; OpEx of approximately $418 million. Our GAAP OpEx outlook for Q2 
includes a one-time charge related to our corporate donation to Stanford Hospital of $25 million, payable over a 
10-year period. We approximate our tax rate for the quarter at 20% plus or minus 1 percentage point. 

For non-GAAP, we expect the following differences from our GAAP outlook: Gross margin of 51.5% plus or minus 
1% point; OpEx of approximately $354 million, which excludes the $25 million one-time charge related to our 
contribution to Stanford; as well as stock-based compensation and certain other charges related to acquisitions. 

Outlook for the second quarter depreciation and amortization are expected in the range of $55 million to $57 million, 
and capital expenditures of $35 million to $45 million. Diluted shares are expected to be approximately 628 million. 

Chris Evenden 

Thank you, Karen. That concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now take question. Ashley [ph]? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross Clark Seymore>: Hi, guys. Congrats on the strong quarter and guide. Just looking for the forward guidance, 
what are your segments doing specifically between the three main segments of your business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I guess they're all up. 

<Q - Ross Clark Seymore>: Are there any specific drivers? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm sorry. 

<Q - Ross Clark Seymore>: I thought you were done. Go ahead. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, we're expecting them to be all up. Supply is still constrained, and our manufacturers 
are working their hearts out to catch up to our demand. But at the moment demand still continues to exceed supply, and 
we expect that to happen throughout the year, as Chris was saying earlier. 

But Kepler is a fantastic GPU. It's arguably the best we have ever made, and we've made some pretty fantastic GPUs 
over the years. And we're just in the process of rolling out Kepler into each and every one of our businesses. And 
starting with desktop, there are still many, many segments within desktop that we're expecting to transition into Kepler 
throughout the year and throughout next year. There's notebook that's in the process of rolling out now and we started 
shipping this quarter – or this last quarter, and that the explains the big jump-up. And we're expecting another jump-up 
this coming quarter. 

But Kepler is our GPU that goes into GeForce and Quadro and Tesla. And this upcoming week at GTC, I'd love to tell 
you about some of the new ideas around GPUs. And so Kepler is the core of many of our businesses. And when our 
GPU architecture is incredibly successful, you could see it drive all of our businesses for several years. And so my 
guess is that this will do again the same. 

And of course Tegra 3 is ramping as we talked about before. Although we don't have LTE at the moment, LTE is 
predominantly a U.S.-centric phenomenon. Outside of the United States, the big super-phone upgrade is quad core, and 
Tegra 3 is the world's first quad core, and it's even a special quad core at that with 4-Plus-1. And it's got NVIDIA's 
brand of graphics and all of our style of doing wonderful graphics, and the video games and the content really shows. 
So Tegra 3 is the next major upgrade for super phones in Europe and in China and elsewhere. And then towards the end 
of the year, we hope to bring Tegra 3 with LTE phones to the United States. 


<Q - Ross Clark Seymore>: I guess as my one follow up, on that 28-nanometer shortage side of things, do you expect 
the solution to that problem to be more yield driven by your primary supplier? I think in the past you have talked about 
looking to potentially diversify to additional foundries? So it would be supply coming on from those potential suppliers 
fix problem as well? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yields of 28 are probably the best of any new node that TSMC has ever done. They have 
done a great job with 28 and I think that it also explains the demand on their 28. It's yielding wonderfully at this point 
in its ramp, the performance is fabulous. The efficiency, energy efficiency is terrific. So I think it explains the reason 
why the demand is so great for this particular node. I think the increased supply will have to come from increased 
capacity, and it's – we're short now, and every chip that they can come out of their fab is being shipped instantaneously. 
We have reduced cycle time dramatically between us and our customers, and we're trying to get the products to market 
as quickly as possible. And so I expect us to be supply constrained from wafers, at the wafers level, and we'll continue 
that way and throughout the end of the year. 

<Q - Ross Clark Seymore>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Daniel Berenbaum with MKM Partners. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Yeah, hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just a follow up on Ross's 
question a little bit. So your 28-nanometer yields are good, and we have heard this from other – from your peers as well 
who are also constrained by TSMC's supply. Was the problem that the customers of Taiwan Semi just didn't give 
bullish enough forecasts so that TSMC didn't add sufficient capacity? Or was there sort of a misunderstanding in the 
planning process? Or can you maybe help us understand a little bit of the dynamic that's going on between you and 
your supplier? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I think clearly, clearly there just isn't enough capacity. And we've expected a really, 
really successful Kepler launch. And the reason for that is because we have known for some time that Kepler is going 
to be a fantastic GPU and we've had big plans for Kepler. And we invested last year rather aggressively on the various 
designs of Kepler and all of the capabilities that people are starting to learn about Kepler, and there are many more to 
come. And we made those investments because we expected to be able to grow the market. And there's every evidence 
that we're growing the market. There's just not enough capacity. And the planning process when we think about these 
new nodes it just simply needs to be better. And I don't think there's any way around that. In combination between us 
and TSMC, we under-planned for the supply of 28-nanometer, and we need to fix that in the future. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: So is this something that can simply be fixed by better planning? Or is there really sort 
of a more structural change where TSMC is the only option at 28-nanometer at least for some period of time and 
getting to 20-nanometer will clearly have a lead among the other foundries at 20-nanometer? Is that a structural change 
where you're seeing potentially lower margins because you're much more tied to just the one supplier? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I don't know that it's a structural change in the sense that if TSMC and ourselves were 
to have properly planned for this ramp, we wouldn't be shorting our customers so severely at the moment. And if we 
can make plenty of high-end GPUs like Keplers, our margins would be fine. And so it's really a shortage of supply that 
is causing our margins to be compressed at the moment. But we expect that to be cured as we go through the year. In 
terms of planning, and building capacity, that's something that only TSMC can decide. And ultimately the industry will 
sort itself out. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Daniel. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, how much did the Tegra business 
grow in the first quarter? I know you were expecting it to grow at least 50%, and I'm assuming Tegra is going to 
contribute to the growth in the July quarter. Is the growth there going to be more driven by customers ramping new 
smartphones or new tablets or a combination of both? And then I have follow-up. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tegra grew 50% or more as we expected this last quarter, and we're expecting it to grow 
again this coming quarter. We launched the first phone in one region. The first phone was HTC's One X, and the region 
was in Europe. Now it's expanding in Europe, and we're expecting to go through more regions with HTC. And then 
there are many other Tegra 3 phones that are teed up and coming to market and so we're expecting the phone segment 
of Tegra 3 to continue to grow. 

There's also tablets. Tablets are doing very well for us. It represents about half of the overall demand at the moment, 
and there's some pretty exciting tablets that are about to come out throughout this year that we're working on. One 
particularly is of course Windows on ARM, and the enthusiasm behind it is growing every day. It's a fantastic tablet, 
and I can't wait to show it to you. 

So I think the answer to your question is yes to both. We're expecting to see growth in both tablets as well as phones. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Great. Thanks for the detail. And then obviously you mentioned in your prepared remarks about 
under-shipping demand in both the desktop and notebook segments in Q1. Can you just quantify roughly dollar-wise 
how much more revenue you could have shipped in Q1? And given obviously the constraints here in Q2, what the 
rough dollar impact on July's sales could be as well? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We haven't broken it out, but it's a lot. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from C.J. Muse with Barclays. 

<Q - C. J. Muse>: Yeah, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, trying to understand 
both the impact of the shortage of 28-nanometer but also you guys moving from good die to full wafer pricing, how 
should we think about the impact to gross margins today? And linearly I guess through the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, when we don't have enough of our premium products, then that will hurt our margins 
the most. And so I think at the moment, it's safe to say that supply is what's constraining, what's holding our margins 
back. As supply improves, and yields will be improving throughout the year, I think we have every chance and every 
possibility of delivering great margins again. And so I think the number one issue for us right now is just to make sure 
that we have enough supply of Kepler GPUs. And if that comes through, the margins will take care of itself. 

<Q - C. J. Muse>: That's helpful. And as my follow up, can you talk about the attach rates with Ivy Bridge ramping? 
Usually you talk about design wins. We'd love to get some color there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We expect to gain share in Ivy Bridge, and we expect Ivy Bridge to likely be the best node, if 
you will, best processor platform that we have ever participated in. Primarily the reason for that is because Kepler is 
such an energy efficient GPU. And the performance and the energy efficiency of the performance is just the best in the 
world. And I think that people are recognizing that. 


Ivy Bridge hasn't really changed anything from our perspective. The market structure seems to be consistent as it was 
before. Consumer demand continues to be quite high, and consumers, one of the most important applications for it is 
video games, and video games still prefer to have GeForce. And so I think all of those dynamics are still consistent. 
OEMs still would like to have ways to differentiate their products, and adding the GeForce processor has been one of 
the best ways to differentiate and create a premium segment, and it remains that way. And so whether it's thinner 
notebooks or Ivy Bridge, I don't think that that's really changed the dynamics. So we're expecting attach rates to be 
quite healthy consistent with past. 

<Q - C. J. Muse>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Hi. Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, David. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Hello? Hi. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Go ahead. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: When you talked about yields on 28-nanometers being so good at the moment, so as you do 
ramp Kepler and it matures somewhat, do you expect to get higher gross margins off this than prior generation of 
40-nanometer chips? And also are the shortages you're seeing on 28-nanometers translating into any upward pressure 
on wafer prices? Or have you got pricing locked in for the Kepler generation? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The second question I kind of lost a couple of bits. What did he say? 

<A - Chris Evenden>: He said because supply is short, are wafer prices going to go up or are prices locked in? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think the second question I have a better answer on. We have an understanding about wafer 
prices from TSMC and we negotiate with them, and we now both understand where the pricing is. And so I don't 
expect a pricing increase, and I surely hope it doesn't happen. 

With respect to margins, the reason why margins are great on Kepler is because it's a really efficient GPU. It's higher 
performance. It's lower power. And for every performance level, it's also very efficient in terms of die size. And if that's 
the case, then our margins would lift. It is the most efficient architecture we have ever done, and certainly relative to 
Fermi, our last generation GPU, Kepler is much more efficient. And as you know, efficiency drives productivity, and in 
this particular case, productivity is margins. So I expect that the more Kepler we ship, the higher our margins would 
lift. And so really the big focus for us is just to continue to ship as many Keplers as we can. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: That's great. Also on Tegra 3, you said that it's roughly 50-50 smartphone, tablets. Given your 
current design wins again as the year progresses, do you expect that to stay 50-50? Or is it going to be more skewed 
towards either smartphones or tablets? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Windows on ARM is going to be the big variable on that. And at the moment, it's running 
50-50, about, and throughout the next quarter, my expectation is that phones would exceed tablets, but towards the end 
of the year, latter half of the year, the question is how does Windows on ARM do. So that's the biggest lever. And we 
can report on that a little bit later. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks a lot, David. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Brendan Furlong with Miller Tabak. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Good morning. Thank you. Follow-on on the handset business, if you could just maybe as 
the year progresses here, give us some indications on your baseband business and particularly on the LTE part of it. 
Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see. Well, we're really targeting the super-phone segment of the marketplace, and when 
you look at the super-phone segment of the marketplace, you know, call it a 100-plus million units a year or so, that 
part of the marketplace really is shared by two – from a merchant semiconductor perspective, two players. 

Our focus, because we didn't start from the modem business, we really focused on computing and graphics, we focused 
on segments in the marketplace where LTE isn't necessary at the moment or it's just not ready for LTE. And so Europe, 
Asia, basically everywhere outside of United States has been our primary focus. Towards the end of this year, starting 
in Q3-ish, we're working with LTE vendors and LTE partners to bring Tegra 3 and LTE phones to the rest of the 
markets. And so our primary focus at the moment is outside the United States, and in the second half of the United 
States will bring LTE and Tegra devices into the United States. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Excellent. And then my second question would be on the consumer side, if you could give 
any sort of indication on what the royalty portion of that is in the quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Are you talking about Sony, Brendan? 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Yes. 

<A - Karen Burns>: We don't disclose that. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Yeah. We don't break it out. 

<Q - Brendan Furlong>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Thanks. Good morning. Jen-Hsun, if you look at the PC guys that reported in April, they guided 
up a few percent, which was certainly better than seasonal. My question is on your consumer GPU business, how much 
of the strength are you seeing is really driven by the channel restocking versus some of the share gains you've outlined 
with Kepler? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There's really two factors that's driving our growth, and one is 28-nanometer supply. There's 
just more of it than last quarter. I would say last quarter was not a typical quarter for us. I would characterize last 
quarter as a difficult quarter. And it was completely supply constrained. And this coming quarter, we're still supply 
constrained, and although it's a significant growth quarter, it is still difficult from my perspective. And the supply is 
still far short of demand. 

And the second part of our growth comes from Tegra 3's ramp, and we're really fortunate with Tegra 3 to have chosen 
an enhanced version of the 40-nanometer process. This is a technology called LPG, and we're the only one in the world 
using it. And it is a balance between high performance as well as extremely low power. TSMC did a fabulous job with 
us on that, and I really appreciate it, because now we can support Tegra 3's ramp without consuming more of the 
28-nanometer wafers that we can allocate to Kepler. And so I think the answer is quite simply more supply, and more 
supply of 28-nanometer and Tegra 3's ramp. That's contributing to the growth. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: All right. Thanks for that. My follow-up is on the cash balance. If you consider how the stock 
performed during the quarter and how much cash you generated on your balance sheet, if the cash balance is about 40% 


of your total market cap, and my question is, are you managing or do you plan to manage the cash to a certain level 
considering the valuation? What are your thoughts around doing a share repurchase program or instituting a dividend? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't have anything to announce today, and that's a topic that we have with the Board on 
a regular basis. But we don't have anything to announce today. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Just if I may, I'd like to give some more clarity on the previous question from Brendan. On CPB, 
the royalties were flat and embedded, as you knew, and our CFO commentary is down. So it's direct only that helps 
you. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Hi. Good morning. Jen-Hsun, I had actually two questions for you. The first one was we 
were all in the room all day yesterday at a smaller company in Santa Clara, and there was a lot of talk about the 
structural advantage that Intel has going down in node. So I just wanted your perspective, since you too are one of the 
established companies that use leading edge technology and always the first? 

And the follow-up to that and kind of related to that, as we go down the node and some of the fabless companies have 
talked about going down into 20-nanometer, and what does that do to potentially margin or OpEx headwind? So what 
is your perspective on both those topics? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I think our partner for advanced nodes is doing quite a nice job, I think. And I expect 
TSMC to continue to be able to advance their capabilities on an ongoing basis. There's nothing that would suggest that 
TSMC doesn't have the scale or the capabilities to do so. They're manufacturing an enormous number of wafers by 
anyone's standards. And so I think the availability of leading edge wafers is not something I'm overly concerned about. 

In terms of process technology, it's also important to recognize that CPUs' needs for process technology and SOCs' 
needs for process technology is similar but not the same and TSMC's leadership in density is something that can't be 
ignored. People always talk about one dimension of the semiconductor process, which is the transistor but the 
metalization in increasingly, especially for SOCs, by far the most important variable. 

And so I think that we just need to be careful not to get – drink too much marketing bath water when we think about the 
technology variable because it's so complicated. And SOCs are very different than CPUs. 

And so, let's see, the second is margins. Our job is to make sure that we continue to create efficient architectures that 
are highly valued. And I think that if we continue to do and create GPUs like Kepler, I think we're going to be doing 
just fine. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Doug Freedman with RBC Capital Markets. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Could you help us understand the dependency on 
28-nanometer? What percent of your mix is it now? And at what point do you think we'll cross over to, say, the 50% of 
your output coming from 28? And I have follow-up. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think we're expecting it to be about 30% this coming quarter. We'd like it to a lot more. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: And can you give us any idea when you think can reach 50%? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, this coming quarter is about 30%, is my estimate. Next quarter will be more than that, 
and the quarter after that will be even more than that. So hopefully we cross 50% as soon as possible. We would like to 
cross 50% as soon as possible 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay. And then my follow up is really sort of an add-on to the previous question, and that 
relates to the efficiency that you're gaining at the advanced node. So I guess I share your commentary that there isn't 
much risk of development of advanced process technology. I think the question comes into the economic advantage 
that the advanced technology is going to deliver. Aren't you getting the cost reduction? Clearly 28 appears to be 
delivering that. Is the forecast for the next node going to give you an equal cost-to-benefit ratio or are you starting to 
see sort of a slowing of benefit as we go to these advanced nodes because they so complex? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: By the way, every node is complex. This is a conversation that we have at every node, and 
we take every node seriously. And there's no evidence that anyone is becoming increasingly complacent. So I think 
these are typical conversations to have. With respect to efficiency or productivity of each node, we will go into the 
node when it delivers value for the products that we need to create. And so if it makes no sense to go to a new node, we 
wait until it makes sense to go to a new node. 

And so there isn't anything that – nobody is on automatic cruise control. We look at each node carefully with TSMC 
and we try to adjust each node if we can improve it for our products and otherwise, and then if it – and based on those 
analysis, we decide which products and when should go into the new nodes. And so it just simply needs to be analyzed. 
I don't – there's nothing that suggests that the next node is going to be unproductive. If it's unproductive, it won't get 
used. And so my expectation is that it will be productive. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks for that color. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Uche Orji with UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. Thank you very much, Jen-Hsun. First of all, congratulations on the numbers. Just real quick, 
as we look at the gross margin issues, can you talk about – because one of the areas you've highlighted in the past is 
PSB and the future opportunities that brings. What are the gross margin drivers for going down the line? And I'm 
talking about looking at other areas. So if you can talk about specifically on PSBs. And also on Tegra, as these 
constraints happen across the group, I know Qualcomm talked about it, do you see yourself increasingly gaining share 
going down the line on Tegra 3? That's my first question, please. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay. First, I'll answer the question backwards. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the answer is yes, we're gaining share. And the reason for that is because we were a 
very small player before. And as a discrete application processor provider, we have gained quite a bit of share. If you 
look at their market, our competitors' business around discrete application processors, I think that you'll find that our 
share is growing quite rapidly. And so my expectation is that as we grow throughout the year, that we're doing so 
because we're growing share, number one. 

Number two, PSB's gross margins are healthy and slightly improving and the reason for that is because we continue to 
add more value to the high-end of the visual computing market. Digital content creation is a growing market and more 
and more of design is moving to digital forms. And this is an area that we are world leaders at. And this is an area that 
we continue to add a lot of value to the industry on. And so as we increase value to the marketplace, we're rewarded 
with higher margins. And our focus is to make sure that PSB, where we have extremely high share already, that we 
continue to help grow the market. And that's one of the focus next week of GTC. If you all have a chance to either tune 
in or come even down to GTC, you're going to find some really, really fantastic work being done around the world by 


our partners and content developers who are using our technology to create wonderful assets and create wonderful 
things and discovery of new science. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Right. Let me just ask you a second question. Can you give us any updates on Windows on ARM 
and some of the efforts in terms of timing and products coming, especially as Intel is making a big push in that category 
as well on the tablet front? So any commentary on the elements on the PC form factor on tablets and Windows 8 in 
regard [indiscernible] (44:04). That's one question. 

And then two, Kepler, it's been said that you'll need Kepler in volume to be able to increase discrete attach rate in 
ultrabooks. Any commentary as to the attach rate in ultrabooks in general? And how much of that is going to be Kepler 
and how much of that will be your current products? That would be helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Windows 8 tablets and Windows RT tablets are very different things. Windows 8 x86 tablets 
and Windows on ARM tablets are very different things. And as Microsoft goes to market, people will understand why 
we're so enthusiastic about Windows on ARM. They're just very, very different things. And so I'll let Microsoft tell you 
about their plans, but I'm very enthusiastic about it. I think it makes a lot of sense for Enterprise, anybody who has a 
large part of their work around Windows would really benefit from Windows on ARM tablets. And all the Windows on 
ARM range of devices that will be following after that. 

We've shipped about a thousand, maybe more than a thousand, Tegra Windows on ARM or Microsoft has shipped 
more than a thousand Tegra Windows on ARM tablets for software developers. And that number is growing very 
rapidly. And so we're working very closely with them to march to market with an exciting product as quickly as we 
can. 

Ultrabook, with see no difference between an ultrabook and a PC. It's a thinner PC. But PCs have been getting thinner. 
And there's plenty of room from a thermal or mechanical or electrical perspective to support a GPU. And the reason 
why people put GPUs in their notebooks is because it helps them deliver a premium device. It also enables consumers 
the ability to enjoy multimedia better. And so I don't see any difference relative to attach rates when it comes to 
ultrabooks. 

And then with respect to Kepler, Kepler is our primary focus for next generation notebooks. And we're trying to build 
as much as we can. And the more that our supply catches up to demand, the more our customers can ship Kepler GPUs. 
Everybody is really, really anxious to get more, and so we need to just make more. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Suji De Silva with ThinkEquity. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Hi, Suji. Are you there? Ashley, could we go on to the next caller? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Daniel Gelbtuch with Cantor. 

<Q - Daniel Gelbtuch>: Hi, guys. Congratulations on a very good guide and results. Just digging a little deeper into 
Tegra, I was just wondering if you could compare and contrast how Tegra really not only from an efficiency 
perspective, how it compares with the current status quo in the market, number one? 

And number two, in regard to SDR or software defined radios and Icera, how do you think that changes the landscape 
for LTE, I guess, next year and beyond? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, Tegra 3 is the world's first quad core processor, and it's not only quad core, as you 
might know. It has a really energy efficient CPU core as well. And so not only does it deliver higher performance, it's 
also more energy efficient than the status quo. And of course with all NVIDIA products, the graphics and the video 
games are just so much better. And so I think based on the demand and the reception in the marketplace for the first 
Tegra 3 phone, I think it's safe to say that Tegra 3 is really the standard by which everything is being compared, 
number one. 

Number two, software defined radio, there's no question that SDR allows us to deliver a much smaller and efficient and 
cost efficient modem. And with LTE, it is very clear that the die size is smaller, the energy efficiency is excellent, and 
that's really going to help, especially with capacity being so constrained, having a very small modem, very small LTE 
modem is going to be a big differentiator for us. Not only will we be able to make more of integrated versions of 
application processors and LTE modems; we'll also be able to bring more cost effective solutions to the marketplace. 
We're really, really gunning for that and running as hard as we can. 

<Q - Daniel Gelbtuch>: So is it fair to say that once you get this integration of SDR rolling, this would be perhaps the 
first time the current incumbent in the AP space is going to be seeing some serious, a real competitor? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the incumbent is a really good company, and they're very competitive. This is new for 
us, and we still have a lot to learn, and we're learning as fast as we can. But the Icera SDR modem is really 
revolutionary. And when we can combine that – and there's every evidence it works great. We're shipping phones now. 
People said that we couldn't get that modem to market. People said that we couldn't get phones, voice to work. But 
obviously all wrong. We're now certified on LTE, and we're in the process of getting products to market. And so these 
are all barriers that we have to overcome, but we're ticking it off one at a time, and I'm cautious but very enthusiastic 
about the technology we're bringing to the market. 

<Q - Daniel Gelbtuch>: All right. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Suji De Silva with ThinkEquity. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Hi, guys. Sorry about that. So first question Jen-Hsun on this Kepler architecture and the energy 
efficiency, as you describe it. How do you monetize that? Is that a smaller die or is that a value proposition that 
customers pay for or just allows you to kind of get that upgrade? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, absolutely both. Absolutely both. Kepler is the most energy efficient. It's also the most 
die size efficient GPU we've ever made. The performance per watt and the performance per millimeter are both the best 
that we've ever done. It was a huge drive for our company to transform ourselves in just about every single dimension 
from architecture to design to implementation to software; we pulled everything together for Kepler. When you're more 
energy efficient, at any level of power that the system can provide, will be higher performance. And so if the system 
can provide 300 watts, we're higher performance. If the system can provide for only 10 watts, we're higher 
performance. 

If the system can provide 1 watt in the future, we'll be higher performance. So energy efficiency is incredibly important 
and of course at any price-point in the marketplace. If we are efficient with respect to die size that can only help our 
gross margins. Whatever gross margins we had at the Fermi generation, so long as market dynamics remain similar, I 
expect our gross margins to be higher than their Fermi generation, wherever that happens to be. And so that explains 
why I'm so impatient to get Kepler [indiscernible] (53:01) lineup and why we need so much more Kepler supply from 
TSMC. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Understood. And my other question, Jen-Hsun, is in January you had a Microsoft representative 
at CES, and you asked him about how Windows – Microsoft would avoid confusion as Windows on ARM came out. 
And you may defer this question to Microsoft, but what's your update on that thought as we look ahead to Microsoft 
tablets? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well I think you guys are going to really like the answer. They've been very thoughtful about 
the segmentation of the next Windows generation. There are different customers with different needs and I think you're 
going to find their answer rather thoughtful. I'm very pleased with where they ended up and I think it's going to really, 
really, really help the positioning of the Windows on ARM tablets because they're very different than x86. It's a new 
product category. I think you're going to find that they're really desirable and they're going to bring a lot of value to the 
marketplace. For people who – where Windows and Office is still a very central part of their digital experience, I think 
you're going to find that this is really the best tablet on the planet. 

<Q - Suji De Silva>: Okay. Thank, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Raji Gill with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: Yes. Thanks, and congrats again on good results and guidance. The question I have is on 
Tegra. I just wonder if you could update us on the annual guidance that you had given at the start of the year. Any 
changes to that? Any additional color? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. No change to that. No additional color. The three growth drivers for Tegra are, 
one, phone design wins; and, two, because we've successfully reduced the cost of tablets, we're starting to reach 
price-points of Android tablets that are really resonating with the market. And of course the Android tablets are just 
getting better and better all the time. And Tegra 3 Android tablets are really delightful and there's a whole bunch of 
new tablets that are coming starting now and towards the end of the year. And then the third driver is Windows on 
ARM. And that's coming together really nicely and I think that people are going to be quite delighted by it. And so 
those are really the three primary drivers and they all three remain drivers at the moment. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: Just a question on the OpEx; the OpEx went up 7% sequentially; looks like being guided up 
again, so now we're kind of at the high-end of your OpEx range. How should we look at the OpEx throughout this 
year? Do you think will we go past that range? How do you think we should look at it next year? And along those same 
lines, are we starting to see kind of a noninvestment on the Icera acquisition? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are going to do the best we can to stay at the guidance level that we provided previously. 
Now, if some of the new initiatives in our company starts to gain traction, we'll increase the level of investment to take 
that to market, and but we'll play that as we go. But at the moment our current plan is to stay as close as we can to the 
guidance that we provided before. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Craig S. Berger>: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you help us understand the impact Kepler is 
having on GPU ASPs and what ASPs did in desktop and notebook in the first quarter? And then I have a follow-up. 
Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the more – because Kepler comes in through the performance segment and the 
enthusiast segment, it naturally lifts ASPs. The more we ship, the higher our ASPs will be. So Kepler ASPs are higher 
than Fermi ASPs because they target the premium segments. Kepler margins are better than Fermi margins because 
they're in the enthusiast segment and the performance segments. Also because they're so much more energy efficient 
and so much more die size efficient. 


And so I think the simple answer is we just – we need a lot more Keplers, and the demand for Kepler is really, really 
high in desktops and notebooks. The gamers come out and refresh their PCs once every few years, and on all accounts, 
Kepler has been a complete home run. And this is – it's pulling people out to refresh their PCs. And PC gaming is really 
vibrant right now. And so I think those factors are really driving Kepler. So the more we can build, the higher ASPs we 
will be, and surely the much higher margins we will be. 

<Q - Craig S. Berger>: As the follow up, can you update us on your CFO search? And then really I wanted to ask 
again on the OpEx. I know it was just asked, but can you just reiterate what was your guidance? And you said you 
might spend more. Is that more than you're spending now, more than your guidance? And what's the timeline there? 
Because from my perspective, you did better on revenues, you did better on gross margins, and my model is still 
challenged because of the OpEx. And so that's kind disappointing. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The guidance that we gave you on OpEx is exactly the guidance we gave you on OpEx. And 
so we just provided the guidance, and that's what it was. And that's what we're planning. 

With respect to – what was the first question? The CFO search? I think my CFO is doing fabulously and she's doing a 
fantastic job with the business. And we're looking, and if there's a world class CFO that we fall in love with, certainly 
we'll consider. But Karen is doing fabulous job. 

<A - Chris Evenden>: Hi, Ashley. Can we just have one more question, and then finish there? 

Operator 

At this time, there are no further questions. 

Chris Evenden 

All right. Thanks, Ashley. Thanks, everyone, for listening in. And we look forward to talking to you soon about our 
second quarter results. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


