Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• Jen-Hsun, Huang, Co-founder President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 
• Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Daniel Berenbaum 
• JoAnne Feeney 
• Joanne Feeney 
• Patrick Wang 
• Arnab Chanda 
• Daniel Ernst 
• Hans Mosesmann 
• Doug Freedman 
• David Wu 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, 
Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Thanks, Kevin. Good afternoon and welcome to nVIDIA's conference call for the Second Quarter ended July 27, 2008. 
On the call today for nVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, nVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Marv 
Burkett, NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we begin today's call, I would like to take care of some general administrative items. Your lines have been 
placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer segment of today's call. 

During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures about diluted net income per share, tax rate and 
gross margin when talking about our results. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to 
GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at 
www.nvidia.com. 

Unless otherwise noted, all references to research, market and market share numbers throughout the call come from 
Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Please be aware that if you 
decide to ask a question, it will be included in both our live transmission as well as any future use of the recording. 


Also, shareholders can listen to a live webcast of today's call via the Investor Relations page of our website. The 
webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss the financial results for the third quarter fiscal 
2009. The content of today's conference call is nVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed without our 
prior written consent. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, including statements as 
to our financial outlook and projections, digital computing, the GPU and CUDA; the impact, performance and 
availability of and demand for our products and technologies; our competitive position; and our growth and strategies. 
Our actual results may differ materially from results discussed in any forward-looking statements. 

For a complete discussion of factors that could affect our future financial result and business, please refer to our Form 
10-K for the fiscal year ended January 27, 2008 and the reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us today 
and except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast 
contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of August 12, 2008. 

Consistent with the requirements under Regulation FD, we will be providing public guidance directly in the conference 
call, and will be unable to provide significantly more information in off-line conversations or during the quarter. 
Therefore, questions around our financial expectations should be asked during this call. 

At the end of our remarks, there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask questions, please 
limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow one follow-up question. 

With that, I will now hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun, Huang, Co-founder President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Q2 was a challenge for nVIDIA. We reported revenue of 
893 million and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.13, significantly below our original expectations. 

The simultaneous impact of desktop PC end market weakness around the world, adjustments of our desktop GPU 
ASP's in response to competitive pricing, and the delayed ramp of our next generation MCP substantially contributed to 
our revenue shortfall. 

We also noted that we would be taking a non-recurring charge against cost of revenue to cover anticipated customer 
warranty, repair, return, replacement and other associated costs resulting from a weak die/packaging material set in 
certain previous generation GPU and MCP products used in notebooks. 

Although the failures are only seen in small percentages of all the chips we shipped with this material set, the repair 
costs of a notebook can be expensive. In total, we took a charge of $196 million. We will continue to support our OEM 
partners on responding and resolving end customer issues. 

We underestimated the price performance of our competitor's most recent GPU, which led us to miss-position our fall 
lineup. The first step of our response was to reset our price to reflect competitive realities. Our action put us again in a 
strong competitive position, but we took hard hits with respect to our overall desktop GPU ASP's and ultimately, to our 
gross margins. 

The price action was particularly difficult since we are just ramping 55-nanometer and the weak market resulted in 
taking longer than expected to work through our 65-nanometer inventory. Throughout the second quarter, we observed 
a general weakness in the desktop GPU segment. Consistent with the results published in Mercury Research Q2 '08 
graphics report, desktop standalone GPU shipments declined over 23% from the first quarter, mostly in the low end 
GPU segments. 


We believe the decline was primarily due to a weak economic environment driving a mix shift to lower priced PCs, as 
well as a continued mix shift to notebook PCs. Until we can offer motherboard graphics for Intel platforms, our 
penetration of notebooks in low cost PCs will remain low. We hope to start production this quarter. 

There were several bright spots in our business. We see continued strength in our Professional Solutions business. The 
Quadro business grew 38% over last year. The mobile workstation marketplace is growing at 30% a year, and over the 
last 18 months, we've gone from around 40% share of this market to over 90% share. 

Despite the challenges we faced in the second quarter, we remain optimistic about our growth opportunities. There are 
a number of steps we're taking now and in the next several quarters to regain our growth momentum, which I will 
outline later in the call. 

Let me now turn the call over to Marv to discuss our financial results. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jen-Hsun. My remarks today will cover the second quarter of fiscal '09, including comments regarding both 
GAAP and non-GAAP results for the quarter. 

Included in the quarterly results is a charge of 196 million to cost of revenue for a warranty issue, which we previously 
disclosed. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is this warranty charge and the charges for stock-based 
compensation. A full reconciliation is included in our press release and on our website. 

As Jen-Hsun stated earlier, revenue for the quarter was 893 million, which is down 23% from Q1 and down 5% from 
the prior year. The issues with regard to revenue in the quarter are almost entirely focused on the desktop GPU 
segment. Desktop GPU revenue was down 40% quarter-to-quarter and down 25% year-to-year. The remainder of the 
business combined was down 10% quarter-to-quarter and up 11% year-to-year. Desktop GPU units declined by 20% 
but more importantly, desktop ASPs declined by 25% quarter-to-quarter. Jen-Hsun has already gone over the issues 
here, so I won't repeat them. 

Notebook GPU revenue was actually up quarter-to-quarter by 8% and up 43% year-over-year. Professional Solutions 
revenue decreased by 12% quarter-to-quarter as expected after an exceptionally strong Q1. Memory in the quarter was 
down by 40% to 21 million. The decline in both desktop unit volume and ASPs created significant pressure on margins. 
The 25% decline in ASPs falls directly to the margins. 

As a result, overall corporate margin decreased to 16.8% for GAAP and 39.1% for non-GAAP. The decline in desktop 
ASPs did not carry over into notebook. Notebook ASPs were relatively flat quarter-to-quarter. GAAP operating 
expenses were 305 million, down almost 7 million quarter-to-quarter. We were able to start the process of limiting 
OpEx growth. During the quarter, we added 195 new employees and ended the quarter at 5,553 employees. Much of 
the growth in the quarter was new college graduates. 

Depreciation in the quarter was 46 million, up about 5 million from Q1. Capital expenditures were 63 million, which is 
down 139 million from Q1. However, the Q1 capital additions included 150 million for the purchase of property in 
Santa Clara. The Q2 additions of 63 million included 25 million of test equipment. Despite all of the issues, cash flow 
from operations was still positive in the amount of $90 million for the quarter. Interest income and other was 9 million, 
which is down about 1 million from the first quarter, primarily due to lower than average cash balances and lower 
interest rates during the quarter. 

The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 17%, while the GAAP tax rate was a benefit. Going forward, we expect the 
GAAP tax rate to be 23% and the non-GAAP tax rate to remain at 17% for Q3, unless the R&D tax credit is renewed in 
the quarter. GAAP EPS for the quarter was a negative $0.22 per diluted share and non-GAAP EPS for the quarter was 
$0.13 per diluted share. 

There were no stock repurchases during the quarter, however, this week our Board of Directors approved an increase in 
our stock repurchase program from 1.7 billion to $2.7 billion. Through July 27, 2008, we had repurchased 68 million 


shares under our existing stock purchase program for a total cost of 1.16 billion. 

On the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities were 1.66 billion, which is up $36 million quarter-to-quarter. 
Accounts receivable were 679 million, up $28 million, and DSO was at 69 days. This reflects the profile of shipments 
during the quarter. We have not experienced any problems with receivables. Inventory was 432 million, up only 12 
million quarter-to-quarter, as we did a good job moderating production volumes. 

Accrued liabilities, which is up 247 million in the quarter, includes the accrual for the warranty charge. There are no 
other highlights on the balance sheet. On the outlook, revenue will be the most difficult to forecast. We are expecting 
our market for desktop PCs to grow less than seasonal. While we expect growth in MCP, Sony and desktop, other 
business units may be flat to slightly down therefore, we expect total revenue to grow slightly. 

For gross margins, we would expect small improvements until we can make the transition to 55-nanometer. This is in 
process, but we have inventory of the 65-nanometer parts, which will have to be sold first. Operating expenses will be 
up from the second quarter approximately 5%, but we will try to reduce that growth as much as possible. The GAAP 
tax rate will be 23% and the non-GAAP tax rate will be 17%. 

With that, I'll turn it back to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Marv. The visual computing universe is expanding and is driving exciting growth opportunities for the GPU. 
Visual computing is no longer just about graphics. We are driving revolutionary advances in four distinct areas, 
photorealistic rendering; image processing, such as video processing and computational photography; parallel 
processing for the complex -- for the simulation of complex algorithms like real world physical properties; and rich 
displays, such as 3D Touch UI and 3D stereoscopic displays. We have been innovating and investing in these four 
areas for some time, and plan to launch products and initiatives soon. 

At the core of these growth strategies is CUDA, our general-purpose, massively parallel computing architecture. 
CUDA is a new mode in all of our GPUs, starting with the GeForce 8 family. CUDA is not GP GPU. The 
programming model is not triangles and texture maps. 

When in the CUDA mode, our GeForce Quadro Tesla processors behave like a general-purpose processor and is 
programmed using C and a C compiler. Nearly 100 million CUDA-compatible processors have already shipped in 
desktop PCs, notebook PCs and workstations. Our GPUs are CUDA compatible from top to bottom and the many years 
of products on our development pipeline are all CUDA compatible. CUDA is already the world's highest volume 
parallel computing architecture, and the adoption of CUDA is accelerating. 

Developers all over the world are using CUDA to dramatically accelerate their applications, ranging from 
nano-molecular dynamics, computational photography, N-Body simulation for astrophysics; computational fluid 
dynamics; computational finance, such as options risk analysis; and tomographic reconstruction. 

Developers are seeing accelerations ranging from 10-x to 300-x. CUDA is clearly revolutionizing supercomputing 
around the world, and dramatically accelerating the time to discovery from life sciences research to the search for 
alternative energy sources. 

Over 100,000 copies of the CUDA C compiler have already been downloaded since we launched CUDA almost two 
years ago; and nearly 52,000 copies of the CUDA C compiler were downloaded in Q2 alone. And the rate continues to 
grow rapidly. 

HPCwire Readers chose CUDA as the most significant HPC, which stands for High Performance Computing, software 
of 2007. Our website links to over 100 published papers that reference CUDA, but we estimate many times that have 
been published worldwide. Over 50 schools and universities worldwide now include CUDA as part of their computer 
science curriculum or in their research. 


We recently sponsored a new parallel computing lab at Stanford University, and appointed the first two CUDA Centers 
of Excellence, the University of Utah and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. Both universities are leaders 
in parallel computing, and like many others, have adopted CUDA. We are honored by their investment around CUDA 
and thrilled by the work that they're doing in parallel computing. 

CUDA has opened up a new and exciting market to us. With our Tesla product line, we are poised to revolutionize a 
new class of personal supercomputers. Through CUDA, we have discovered a pent-up demand of researchers around 
the world desperate for supercomputing performance, but cannot afford the enormous expense to run and maintain a 
supercomputing cluster. 

We will even revolutionize supercomputing clusters. Because of the dramatic acceleration using CUDA, our Tesla 
product line will reduce the space and power consumption of clusters by 10 to 20 times. This translates to either more 
performance possible in any server room or millions in energy savings each year. 

Linux Magazine likened the introduction of GPU computing to the great cluster disruption that transformed data 
centers in the '80s. They added that we could be at the beginning of another paradigm shift. We will start to ship our 
Tesla processors this quarter. The Tesla C1060 computing is the world's first teraflops processor. While, the S1070 
teraflops -- S1070 -- a few missing words there -- delivers four teraflops per one new configuration. Tesla and CUDA 
look to be change agents for a multi-billion dollar market. 

One of the most important applications of CUDA is the simulation of physical properties of objects and environments. 
The most popular demo at the press launch of the GeForce GTX 280 was the Natural Motion's Backbreaker. 
Backbreaker uses NVIDIA's PhysX engine to simulate the motion of players. 

PhysX is the world's most pervasive PhysX engine, available on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Nintendo Wii and PC. 
PhysX allows game developers to use physical world simulation on the GPU to create content automatically, making 
the game feel and behave like the real world. 

We have registered over 26,000 developers using PhysX and are seeing over 4,000 PhysX SDK downloads per month. 
Nearly every game in development today will incorporate PhysX simulation to enhance realism, while moderating the 
escalating cost of game art. 

The PhysX engine runs on any PC. However, when accelerated by a CUDA compatible GPU, effects like cloth, soft 
body, particle and fluid simulations can speed up 10 times over a Quad core CPU alone. 

PhysX adoption is accelerating rapidly. Game engines, including Unreal Engine 3, Gamebryo, Tradgy use it. 
Middleware developers such as NaturalMotion, AIseek, SpeedTree are licensees. There are over 150 titles shipping and 
well over 200 titles currently in development. 

The visual computing revolution is happening and is all around us. On August 25 to 27, along with companies 
worldwide contributing to the visual computing universe, we are hosting NVISION 2008, the world's first mega event 
dedicated to the visual computing movement. This will be one of the largest events ever held in San Jose, and will be 
attended by game developers, designers, artists, programmers, engineers, scientists, researchers, system OEMs and 
gamers and technology enthusiasts from all over the world. For gamers, NVISION '08 includes a massive LAN party 
and the finals of the Electronic World Sports World Cup. For artists, we're hosting Demoscene, machinima using 
games to create movies and digital art events. 

We'll have an exclusive showing of the new 3D movie, Fly Me to the Moon, hosted by Buzz Aldrin, and its director, 
Ben Stassen. We'll have Technical Tracks for content creators, developers, artists and scientists. We're also hosting the 
Emerging Companies Summit, in which 60 new companies meet the financial community to discuss breakthrough 
products using the power of visual computing. 

We got tripped up in Q2. Some things we can't control but there are many things we can. We've dusted ourselves off 
and we are now intensely focused on change, changes and improvements that will enhance our performance in the 
future. For all who have followed nVIDIA over the years, you know what we can achieve when challenged. We will 
surely overcome this challenge as well, meanwhile, continuing to drive the visual computing revolution we started. 


We'd be happy to take your questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] It will be just one moment for our first question and it comes from the line of Daniel 
Berenbaum, Cowen and Company. Please proceed. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Yeah. Hi. Thanks very much. Jen-Hsun, when you talk about gross margin improvement, 
and you talk about improving slightly until you fully get to 55-nanometer, how should we think about that trajectory 
over the next couple of quarters? And then how much of the gross margin improvement is going to be because pricing 
has now stabilized because you've readjusted your products to the right price points? And how much of that comes 
from cost improvements? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: First of all, with respect to the price adjustment, our price going into Computex, which was 
around the June timeframe was just wrong and we miscalculated the competition. And now that we've properly 
calculated and gauged the competition, we've reset our price to it, and we have a strong position going into the fall. So 
my expectation is that pricing is going to be stable going forward. From this point out, I guess the real focus is gross 
margins improvement. 

Now, there's all kinds of levers we could pull and we ought to be working on all of them. You've seen us improve our 
gross margins in the past and we'll improve our gross margins going forward. And so the company is, as you can 
imagine, very, very focused in this area now and even more focused than in the past. So we just have to go figure out 
how to get our costs in line and our gross margins back up. And so it's not a singular thing that explains it all away. 

Our situation was particularly aggravated because we were the first to 65. We had such a large momentum of 
65-nanometer products. And when the market slowed down unexpectedly for us, we ended up with a lot more 
65-nanometer capacity or inventory than we'd like. All of our products are now 55-nanometer and all of them are ready 
to ramp and many of them have ramped. But until we consume the 65-nanometer capacity – or inventory, excuse me – 
we're not really going to be able to benefit from the cost reductions of the 55. But that's not the only thing that we need 
to do. The company needs to do a lot more. And I expect the various groups around the company to be doing a lot more 
in gross margin improvements. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney with FTN Midwest Research. Please proceed. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Thanks guys. I have a question about the charges and your view of what might still be out 
there; there's some concerns that there may be more product failures. And in your opening remarks, Jen-Hsun, you 
remarked that you felt like you're going to continue to support the partners. Do you see that support leading to potential 
more write-downs in the future? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're not expecting more write-downs in the future. When we scoped out the problem, we 
had -- we felt we had enough data to project out the anticipated failures from the various platforms that are out there. 
This doesn't happen to all of our chips and it doesn't happen to most of the notebooks that are out there. There's only a 
few examples of them and of all the notebooks that have shipped. And so we think we have a pretty good handle on the 
situation, but -- and we thought that we were relatively conservative, but we'll see how it goes. 

<Q - Joanne Feeney>: Okay. And then if I could, just a question on the motherboard GPU product. You remarked that 
you were ramping production. When do you think that becomes -- could you give us a timeframe for when that 


becomes a more significant share of your revenues? And perhaps give us some numerical targets that we should expect 
in terms of the share of output? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I can tell you that we're building a lot of them right now. I can tell you that, from a 
technology perspective, it is a solid year to maybe year and a half ahead of what the competitor has in the space. In 
terms of GPU computing and many core programmable processing on the motherboard, it is the only solution for, from 
what I can tell, several years out. And so we have – we have a very significant advantage relative to the competition. 
We also have some very exciting design wins; nothing that we can announce today but hopefully we'll learn about them 
in the near future. And so this is an important project for us. We put a lot of engineering into it and I'm expecting it to 
be a really exciting product. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang with Wedbush Morgan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Yes. Hi. I just wanted to talk real quickly about Desktop GPU again. Can you help us better 
understand what you're expecting in terms of timeline for the Desktop GPU business to stabilize? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I wish I could tell you. And part of it has to do with the economy. Some of it has to do 
with the US currency. And what we've found is that there was a pretty strong shift from mid-range desktop PC 
segments or products to entry PC and some of it's notebook. And so -- and we also saw that the US OEMs were 
stronger because of the weak dollar relative to the European system builders. And our European business tends to be 
substantially larger in terms of GPU attach. And so there's a lot of things that conspired against us. But at the core of it, 
I think that the weak economy played a pretty significant role. We didn't really -- we didn't lose any share; the 
marketplace just -- the market just got soft on us. And so it's hard to say exactly when it's going to recover, but I think 
that time will tell. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Gotcha. And then just a quick question on gross margins in, I guess, two parts here. First off, I 
understand you guys have some 65-nanometer inventory to work through. How much is there and how long does it 
take? And then second, if – Marv, I guess you can talk about some of the moving parts on gross margin in Q3 – fiscal... 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, how long does it take us to work through it depends on how many we sell in each 
quarter. I think we'll see some improvement in Q3 and some improvement in Q4 from the transition to 55-nanometer. 
We'll have to see how quickly we work through that inventory. 

Some of the moving parts on gross margin going forward is that I think that Jen-Hsun said that we see prices is 
stabilized and the desktop GPU area, so the improvement in gross margin there is going to have to come from cost 
reduction. In MCP, which will become we think an increasing portion of our business; obviously, it is not at the gross 
margins of the rest of the company so that could be a slight drag. Offsetting that we expect nice growth from the Sony 
arrangement which is obviously very, very high gross margins, so that would be a benefit. So there is lots of moving 
parts when you put it all together we expect some slight improvement in gross margins. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda with Deutsche Bank Securities. Please proceed 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Yes. A couple of questions. One, could you talk a little bit about your handheld and Tesla and 
Tegra product line what sort of revenue expectations you have either for later this year for maybe possibly next year? 
And I have a follow-up, please. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tegra is doing very, very well. The design wins are – I think everybody would be excited 
about the design wins when they come out. And the engineering teams are heads down, trying to ship these products. 
They won't ship until early part of next year. And so I'm not expecting any revenue contribution from Tegra this year. 


But hopefully next year, it becomes a real business and hopefully a real substantial business. 

Tesla, this is a brand-new category for the world. And this is not a – this is using GPUs for supercomputing. And it's 
not GP GPUs, as I explained earlier, but it's the CUDA mode of GPUs. It's an array of general purpose processors with 
a modern CPU instruction set that's compileable by C and C++ in the future. And this is a revolutionary product. When 
you look at the speed ups, it took us nearly 20 years to improve the performance of computers by 1,000 times. And yet 
over the course of one year, researchers are discovering they can speed things up by 20, 50, 300 times using one GPU. 
And when you put more GPUs in a system, you get linear speed up. 

And so this is revolutionary stuff. And we're getting just enormous amounts of enthusiasm around the world. And 
despite the availability of Tesla, people are building homemade supercomputers in universities all over the world. I 
mean, as I travel the world, this last summer, every university I went to had a homemade supercomputer based on 
nVIDIA's technology. And so I think that this is a market that is eager for disruptive products. And as such, it's kind of 
hard to predict exactly how big the markets going to be. 

But I think that there is – there are quite a few researchers around the world, and they're all desperate for more 
supercomputing horsepower to advance their research. And so I think – my back of the envelope would suggest this is a 
multi-billion dollar business opportunity and if you look at the number of CPUs that are sold into clusters, we have an 
opportunity to really, really dramatically capture a lot of that share. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: So I have one follow-up about your GT200 series. I think you said that you haven't lost share, 
it's been a pricing issue? It seems like your competitor is getting reasonably good reviews. So do you think that you're 
going to maintain your share but you're going to be – your gross margins are going to be lower because of having to 
lower prices? Or does 55-nanometer kind of correct that where your margins will go up and your share will be 
maintained? What sort of dynamics do you expect there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our competition has built a nice product, but nobody ever said that our product isn't 
awesome. And the nice things that people write about their products is that it's well priced. But if you take a look at our 
products, GeForce GTX, it's not only a great graphics products, right, because of CUDA we're going to be able to 
accelerate PhysX into hundreds of games that are out there. And you saw early reviews – or you should be seeing early 
reviews of our PhysX processing and all of the reviews are fabulous. I mean, what's not to like about increasing 
performance by 10 times? And so there's a lot of exciting things that we're doing around PhysX. 

CUDA also enables transcoding and video processing and we know that video transcoding is probably one of the killer 
apps around the world today. I don't know how many million PCs are running all night long transcoding a movie to put 
onto an iPod. If we could just make it super, super real-time, just think about the amount of energy we're going to save 
for the world. And so millions and millions and millions of PCs are spending all their nights cranking on video 
transcoding. And we're going to make it so that you can transcode faster than real-time. And that's a capability that we 
have. 

And we invested in CUDA and so our GPU is slightly larger. Our computing performance, if you look at using folding 
at home as a surrogate, which is a Stanford approaching folding application that – it's the only application, in fact, that 
runs on a CPU, a cell processor and GPUs. And if you compared our performance to that of our competition, it's not 
just 50% faster, it's four times faster and so our computing performance is really, really good. And that's – it's an area 
that we've invested a great deal in. And it makes our die size a little larger, but I also believe that this is how we're 
going to revolutionize visual computing. 

We can't just keep selling chips that makes graphics run faster and cheaper. I mean, that's all very nice and it's all good, 
but we need to advance the visual computing field in some remarkable and important way and parallel computing is 
one of the most important investments that we're making. So take a look at the stuff that we are rolling out now. People 
are really excited about the price points that they see. And then on top of that, you get all the benefits of CUDA and 
GPU processing that we bring, and PhysX processing that we bring. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. Please proceed. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Thanks for taking the call. Three quick questions, if I might. Do you see any second-order 
impacts from the chip packaging issue on notebooks? Is there any loss of design wins that could come out of that issue 
with your OEM partners? 

And then two, with the rise of the ASUS Eee PCs and all the many look-alikes from Aspire one to the new Dell 
netbook out today, do you see that having an impact on your overall notebook market share? Or do you think you have 
a role in those ultra-lite portables? And then I have a quick follow-up. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Frankly, on the work that we're doing supporting our OEMs to help them repair and to 
support their end users, frankly, all of our engagement with all of our OEMs, they've been just delighted by the work 
that we're doing. Obviously, this isn't something we absolutely need to do but we stepped up to do it, because we think 
it is the right thing to do. So each case is a little different. So we have to look at each case carefully. But our 
open-minded approach and our good partnership approach is welcomed by all the OEMs. So if this is going to be 
anything at all, it should be a positive. 

I missed some of the early parts of your second question. But I think it is related to the ultra-mobile PC [UMPC]. We 
don't really have any offerings in that space. We have offerings in a space that I think is probably even more important, 
which is the mobile Internet device [MID]. The single most important mobile Internet device today is the iPhone. And 
that is much, much smaller and has a much more rigorous thermal and computing requirement than what is possible for 
a UMPC, if you will. And I know exactly how to use an iPhone. And I know exactly what kind of enthusiasm the 
market has for it. But a UMPC, I haven't figured out exactly how to use. So I think that the MID is a real important 
area. We are going to see hundreds and hundreds of millions of MID/smart phones that come out over the course of the 
next several years. And I think this is going to be the second personal computer revolution and Tegra is designed to hit 
that sweet spot. And so that is our focus. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Understood. So, a follow-up on both of those – maybe just a few more – on the back end, is there 
an opportunity to recoup some of the costs that you're having on fulfilling the OEM replacement programs, either 
warranty or for recoupment from your packaging partners where the issue derived from? 

And then a follow-up on the MID question -- so Jen-Hsun, are you saying that you don't believe the ultra-mobile, 
UMPC market, will be large enough to address? Or you just don't think your technology addresses that type of 
computer? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have no comment about the recouping; we don't know. And it is too early to tell. 

With respect to UMPC, that is just not our target. There a lot of things that are not our targets. That just happens to be 
one of the things that isn't our target. We're much more targeted at the MID and the smart phone marketplace, where we 
think the segment is desperate for a well designed computer on a chip and that is what Tegra is. And we also think that 
that's an area that is where growth could be really significant. And so that's our target and that's our focus. And frankly, 
from our initial engagements with the marketplace, we're delighted by that. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<A - Hans Mosesmann>: Thanks. Jen-Hsun, a couple of questions. The way nVIDIA introduces GPUs into the 
marketplace, single GPU at the high end and you cascade going forward into the higher volume segments, is that 
strategy changed in relation to what AMD has done here with their strategy? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, Hans, you might recall we were actually the world's first GE X2. And I forget 
which chip we did it with -- was it 7900? I think it was 7900, we introduced the world's first GX2. We've got nothing 


against GX2s and recently we just had another GX2; it was a 9800 GX2. It has its advantages and disadvantages. And 
so I don't know that there is any particular philosophical approach that we take here. We just have to look at the market 
and build the right product. 

From a scalability perspective, a single chip is always better than two. I mean, it's -- if you take a look at the scalability 
of CrossFire and you compare that to SLI, if you take your top 200 most popular games, SLI or GeForce GTX 280, the 
scalability across those 200 games is 100%. 

Every one of those 200 games are going to scale when you put a GTX on it. When you put SLI on it, those 200 games, 
the vast majority of them will scale; maybe 90% of them scale. And with CrossFire, a lot less will scale. And so when 
you use a X2 with CrossFire, you're just going to see a lot less scalability. There are many games that don't scale. And 
there's some games that even get worse in scaling. 

And so you just have to take it case-by-case. But we think our approach is the right approach. The best approach is to 
do both. If we could offer a single chip solution at 399, it certainly doesn't preclude us from building a two-chip 
solution at something higher. And so I think that having the right product at each price point and the best performing 
product at each price point is the most important thing. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Okay. And a quick follow-up then. Thanks, Jen-Hsun. The current head count, are you guys 
comfortable with that, given the current environment. A lot of Silicon Valley companies have cut heads, and just 
wondering if that's something you guys are thinking about? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our OpEx is too high. And we need to moderate that and the management team is very 
focused on moderating that. The first thing to do is just stop growing the OpEx. Now, we had a lot of things that were 
scheduled for the second half of the year that we're very committed to. And we think it's the right thing to do. One of 
which is NVISION 2008. 

This is a very, very important event for the visual computing industry to have. It's the first one. And it's a recognition 
that the visual computing industry, the visual computing ecosystem or the visual computing universe or movement is 
here, that there are hundreds of companies that can participate in visual computing and come to a conference that's 
dedicated to visual computing. And so I think that that's a really, really important investment to make. And we're going 
to continue to do that. 

There are other initiatives that we're really committed to do. For example, the launch of all of the CUDA applications 
and products that are derived from CUDA are just coming out. Although researchers around the world have been 
benefiting from CUDA, most consumers have not. And we're going to launch exciting products the second half related 
to that and so that's really, really important for us to do. And it's going to really significantly differentiate our products. 
Instead of just graphics processing, we are going to do parallel processing and physics processing and image processing 
and video processing. And we're just going to keep rolling those things out because CUDA makes it possible. 

And so those efforts need marketing support and we are committed to do that. So there is some pre-planned OpEx 
increases already. But aside from that, we need to make sure that we do our best to moderate or improve our OpEx and 
bring it back in line relative to our business. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with American Technology Partners. Please proceed. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, just building off of sort of that OpEx 
question, you talked also about reducing costs. Are there some cost savings to be done in the cost of goods sold side for 
the gross margin improvement going forward, other than just straight shrinks? Are there are architectural things here 
that can be done? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There are all kinds of ways to improve costs. Yes. How I start? Holy cow, as I'm trying to 
answer your question, a list of 2,000 things just popped up in my head. And so the answer is yes. Improving gross 


margins is not just my job or Marv's job. This is the job of 5,553 employees. And anybody who is on our payroll needs 
to be figuring out how to improve our gross margins. And people who aren't on our payroll ought to figure out how to 
improve our gross margins. 

And so, the answer is, Doug, it's an enormous issue. And we are frustrated as hell that we got ourselves in this position. 
Some of it we can control, some of it we couldn't. But we should have done the things and we could have done the 
things that we could have controlled. And so we're going to go do it. And so the beautiful thing about a disruptive 
quarter like this, from a company's position perspective and the type of work that we're doing, nothing has changed. 
And our opportunity hasn't changed. But this is a wonderful wake-up call for all of us. And it's – no greater time to 
heighten the awareness of gross margin improvement at nVIDIA. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: In recent analyst days you've put up some slides showing how increasing GPU and taking 
down the CPU actually improves the user experience. Have you seen any change from the system configuration side 
that that's starting to happen? Any way that we can track that or anything you can do to help us understand the 
marketplace? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, it's possible. If you take a look at our performance segment, I think the performance 
segment – hey, guys, help me if – I think I'm right here – but our performance segment, the performance segment 
increased year-over-year by about 40%. So the performance segment is growing. Now this last quarter, the midrange 
PC market really declined. And the midrange desktop PC market happens to be our low end GPU market and that part 
of the marketplace really, really collapsed during the second quarter. And so – but the high end marketplace was 
healthy. There we were – we had to adjust our ASPs, but the high end PC marketplace or – not the high end PC 
marketplace, the high end GPU marketplace, the performance GPU marketplace, from $149 and above, is robust and it 
grew a lot year-over-year. 

So I think – I don't know if it's related to shifting, nor is it that important. The most important thing is that our initiative 
is really about helping people understand that there are a lot of different ways to design computers. And a lot of 
different ways to improve your user experience and that's really ultimately our focus, is to enhance user experience. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of David Wu, with Global Crown Capital. Please proceed. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes. On the transition to – I know this is not the only problem that you have, but let's say by the end 
of your fiscal '09 year, from what I piece together, actually the whole company top to bottom on a GPU side would be 
on 55-nanometer. So the die shrink part of the problem should be behind you. And I was wondering about this testing 
problem that you had in the last six months. Would that be behind you as well? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Testing problem? 

<Q - David Wu>: Well, I think you weren't able to test enough good chips and some of those chips got thrown away. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Oh, that's improved a lot. The ops team is very focused on that David and I think that that has 
improved a great deal. In fact, I looked at the metrics just this morning, it has improved a lot quarter-over-quarter. So I 
think there's still a lot of work to do. And that's one of the areas where gross margins can improve. We need to 
dramatically reduce the amount of scrappage that we have as a company. And those are great opportunities for gross 
margin improvement that doesn't affect price and it doesn't affect our market position. And it only improves our 
earnings. And so on – and with respect to your first comment, hopefully by the end of the year, we should be top to 
bottom 55. 

<Q - David Wu>: Can I follow up with just one quick one? I understand from various websites that the tape-out has 
already occurred for the 40-nanometer part that you have been designing out of your lead foundries I assume that 
means you'll be going to production in the new fiscal year fairly early, is that more or less correct? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we made the mistake of having a bad quarter. Let's not make the mistake of 
pre-announcing our products. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. 

Operator 

Okay. There are no more questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Jen-Hsun. Please go ahead. 

Jen-Hsun, Huang, Co-founder President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you all for joining us this quarter. And we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and we 
ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


