Q4 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Uche Orji 
• Emily Scudder 
• Harlan Sur 
• Doug Freedman 
• Raj Seth 
• Vijay Rakesh 
• Tim Luke 
• Patrick Wang 
• Kevin Cassidy 
• Shawn Webster 
• James Schneider 
• Glen Yeung 
• Craig Berger 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Philip and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the NVIDIA Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background 
noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Thank you. 

Mr. Hara, you may begin your conference. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thank you, Philip. Good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. 
With me on the call today are – from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer, and David 
White, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the call to question and answer session. 
Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow-up question. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations 
website and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until February 23, 
2011, and the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our first 
quarter of fiscal 2012. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and it cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 


During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainty, and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended October 31, 2010, and the reports 
we may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All our statements are made as of today, February 16, 2011, based on information available to us as of today, and 
except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all 
references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon 
Peddie Research. 

I would also like to remind everyone about our upcoming Financial Analyst Day on March 8, taking place at our 
headquarters in Santa Clara. If you are interested in attending, you can register on our Investor Relations website. 

With that, let's begin. Last month NVIDIA and TSMC shipped our one billionth GeForce GPU. This milestone was less 
than 12 years in the making and over that period of time, the complexity of the GPU has increased more than 1,000 
times. Having advanced from being a six-function graphics accelerator to one of the most powerful programmable 
computing devices in the world, the GPU is enabling enormous progress in computers ranging from the smartphones 
and tablets to PCs and game consoles, to workstations and supercomputers. 

And in that time, the GPU has become the defining technology for every platform that uses it. Our new $1.5 billion 
cross-licensing agreement with Intel underscores the growing importance of the GPU for the future of personal 
computing, as well as to the expanding markets for mobile and cloud computing. 

Heading into the year, we have one of the best lineups of GPUs in the company's history. The GTX 580 remains in the 
top spot as the fastest DX11 GPU for enthusiast gamers. We extended our DX11 technology leadership with the launch 
of the GTX 570 and the GTS 560 Ti, heralded by reviewers as category leaders of the $349 and $249 core gamer price 
segments. Our GTX product stack is the gamer's choice and the results show. For the second consecutive quarter, our 
desktop standalone GPU share grew, increasing from 59% in Q3 to 61% in Q4, with higher share gains in the 
performance and enthusiast segments. 

And aside from our expectation to continue to gain share, there are several big events this year that can be catalysts for 
growth. First, Intel's Sandy Bridge is the best gamer's CPU in a long time, and with the SLI motherboards from Intel, 
ASUS, Gigabyte and others, along with the new GTX 560 Ti, it offers gamers a perfect opportunity to upgrade their 
PC. 

Second, great games drive GeForce GTX sales, and this year we expect to see a number of highly anticipated games 
such as Crysis 2, Battlefield 3, Duke Nukem Forever, Portal 2, and Diablo III. 

And third, 3D Vision is all about enjoying games at a whole new level, driven by a great new 3D Vision licensed 
products such as Acer's new 27-inch 3D Vision panel and Dell's XPS 17-inch 3D Vision notebook, we expect the 3D 
Vision to grow 200% this year. NVIDIA's 3D Vision content ecosystem is the largest in the industry, with support for 
over 500 video games, Blu-ray movies, and our new 3D web portal, 3DVisionLive.com which offers a wealth of 
streaming video and photographs. 

In notebooks, we announced a record number of design wins for the Intel Sandy Bridge platform. More than 200 new 
notebook models will feature our new GeForce 500M series GPUs. Adding GeForce is one of the best ways for OEMs 
to differentiate PCs with premium capabilities versus the basic platforms based on Intel's graphics. Unlike basic 
graphics integrated into Sandy Bridge GPUs, GeForce GPUs provide advanced features and increased compatibility for 
the latest PC games including those based on DX11. 

Tesla achieved over $100 million in revenue in fiscal 2011. It's becoming conventional wisdom in technical computing 
that parallel processing delivers the highest performance, as well as being the most energy efficient and cost effective. 
The world's greenest petaflops supercomputers are built with Tesla GPUs. The Green500 List of the world's most 
energy efficient supercomputers revealed that the TSUBAME 2.0 from the Tokyo Institute of Technology was ranked 


number two, and was the only petaflops system in the top ten. Three other Tesla-based systems made the top ten along 
with the systems in 11th, 12th and 13th spots. 

During the quarter, HP, Dell and IBM all entered into production with their Tesla-powered servers. With the sales and 
market of the world's largest enterprise sales force engaged, we look forward to accelerating the adoption of Tesla. 
Technical computing servers enterprised in the cloud represents a multibillion dollar growth opportunity for Tesla. 

CES was the coming out party for our Tegra 2 customers. Motorola, LG, Acer, Asus and Toshiba all announced their 
flagship smartphones and tablets to tremendous industry acclaim at CES. The Motorola Xoom with Android 3.0 won 
overall Best of Show and the Atrix won Best of Show in the smartphone category. And LG began shipments of the 
Optimus 2X in Korea in January. 

At CES we also unveiled our long-term processor initiative, code-named Project Denver, to develop custom GPU cores 
based on the ARM architecture. This initiative is focused on an NVIDIA CPU running the ARM instruction set, which 
will be fully integrated on the same chip as the NVIDIA GPU. It will target personal computers, servers and 
supercomputers. 

In addition to Audi, which we have enjoyed a deep partnership since 2004, we announced two new partnerships at CES 
with BMW North America and Tesla Motors that will put NVIDIA processors and navigation in vehicle information 
systems across all next generation BMW cars worldwide, and the Tesla Roadster Model S respectively. 

And this week at the Mobile World Congress, Samsung joined our marquee list of customers, announcing their Galaxy 
Tab 10.1 and their plans for a next generation Tegra 2 superphone. LG also officially announced the new Optimus Pad, 
which will be the G-Slate for T-Mobile. 

A highlight at MWC was a demonstration of Kal-El, the world's first mobile quad-core processor. Kal-El, our next 
generation Integra SoC, which features a new 12-core innovative GPU, provides five times the performance of Tegra 2. 
We are beginning to sample Kal-El to strategic partners and based on our competition's announcements this week, we 
believe we are at least a year ahead of them. We are targeting to deliver Kal-El in tablets and smartphones later this 
year. 

Our strategy with Tegra is to utilize our deep expertise in IP and computing to create processers for the mobile 
computing revolution. We designed Tegra to be the most advanced processor for mobile applications, and to target the 
tablet segment, which is expected to be approximately 208 million units by 2014, and the smartphone segment, which 
is growing at a compounded 19% annual growth rate to approximately 600 million units in five years, as estimated by 
the Gartner Group. And now with Microsoft's announcement, Tegra can directly access the Windows PC market. 

Heading into Q1, our primary focus is to continue to ramp both our GeForce on Sandy Bridge and Tegra 2 customers 
into production. More importantly, our results are beginning to tell the bigger story about NVIDIA's transformation. 
Even as we are extending our leadership in visual computing, our investments in Tegra, Tesla, and Project Denver put 
us at the center of the two most disruptive revolutions happening with mobile and cloud computing. We have never 
been more optimistic about our growth opportunities. 

With that, let me turn the call over to David. 

David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $886.4 million, up 5% sequentially. Gross margin of 48.1% was a 
record for the second consecutive quarter. It was at the high end of our range, primarily as a result of richer GPU 
product mix than we had expected at the beginning of the quarter. 

GAAP OpEx was $247 million. This includes the Intel settlement of $57 million. Without it, our R&D and SG&A 
costs would have been a combined $304 million, in line with our estimates. Combined, these results generated a GAAP 
net income of $171.4 million or $0.29 per diluted share. 


Revenue by business segment was as follows. Our GPU business was up 5.5%. Our MCP revenue was down 
significantly as we entered into the final phase of that business, but this was more than offset by strong growth in 
desktop and notebook discrete. Our Professional business was down slightly. Quadro was down, but this was almost 
completely offset by strong growth in Tesla. And our Consumer business was up, despite a seasonably down console 
business, thanks to strong Tegra customer ramps. 

Turning to the balance sheet, our focus on inventory reduction continued to make progress as we were able to reduce it 
by another 8.5% to $345.5 million. Channel inventory was at or below expectations. These results, together with receipt 
from our first payment from Intel, allowed us to report cash balances of approximately $2.5 billion. 

Our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2012 is as follows. Revenue is expected to be up 6% to 8% from the fourth 
quarter. GAAP gross margin is expected to be 48.5% to 49.5%. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be 
approximately $327 million. GAAP tax rate is expected to be between 16% and 18%. 

That includes (sic) [concludes] our prepared remarks. And with that, we'll now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] Your first question is from the line Uche Orji [UBS]. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure, thank you very much. Let me just start off by asking you what's going on with desktop GPU 
ASPs? They were up significantly from the way we're looking at it. Is this a combination of technology or channel fill, 
and is this sustainable, is my last question. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, it's fairly mixed. We launched 
three new products at the top of our product lineup, as Mike talked about in his comments. And those are all higher 
ASPs for the company so they drove not only ASPs for us but they also drove margin for us. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Great, so – all right. One more question I wanted to ask you, at Mobile World Congress, it seemed 
like everyone is racing – and this is for Mike, there's a race to launch quad-core. And first of all, congratulations on the 
success you've had with Tegra 2. But the question I have on quad-core is first of all, do you – is there enough 
application now to take advantage of this level of power that you're bringing in at the end of this year? And then 
secondly, do you need 28 nanometers to make this profitably? Can you talk about the economics about that? That's my 
second question. Thanks. 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Hey, Uche, I'll let 
Jen-Hsun answer that question, how's that? 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Uche. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Hi, Jen. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see, quad-core. It is the case that several of our competitors announced quad-core 
products that will be sampled next year and potentially go into production the year after. At Mobile World Congress, 
we demonstrated Kal-El and there were quite a few systems on hand for demonstrating all aspects of Kal-El, whether it 
was extreme high definition video, it has the ability to support very high definition displays. The overall horsepower 
and computational capability of Kal-El is about five times the performance of Tegra 2, and has some really exciting 
new technology for extremely low power operations, even though we have four CPUs inside our Kal-El processor. 

These are all the breakthroughs that we demonstrated at Mobile World Congress. Whereas some of the competitors 
seem panicked to announce something on their PowerPoint slides, we tend to announce a product when we're actually 
sampling to customers. And in the case of Kal-El, we're now sampling to our strategic partners and our intention is to 


go to production this year. 

With respect to the importance of quad-core, obviously quad-core is incredibly important; otherwise it wouldn't be on 
all of the suppliers' roadmaps. We were the first in the world to announce and ship dual-core. During that time, a lot of 
people asked us about that, and now it's quad-core. 

If you think about the tablet or mobile device applications, you'll realize that very quickly you're multi-tasking. You're 
multi-tasking whether you're streaming music while you're reading a book, or you're playing a game and you're being 
connected to other players in a multiplayer environment, or you do physics processing while you're playing a game. 
One of the most delightful parts of the games that people like these days, whether it's Angry Birds or others, it's just the 
realistic physics that it does, and the way that the bricks and the buildings fall apart are physically real. 

And we're going to see more and more of that type of capability over time. And so whether it's multi-tasking, whether 
it's image processing for very high quality camera effects, browsing, multi-tasking, those type of applications are all 
very, very intensive users of multi GPU cores. 

And the last thing is it's actually logical and completely intuitive if you think about it, but four CPU cores working less 
hard consumes less energy than one CPU core or two CPU cores working their butt off. And that's the reason why, if 
you look at the PC industry, what people have said about the PC hitting the brick wall and hitting the power wall, 
remember when CPUs were cranking at extreme high frequencies. Those are just bad ideas. You know, brute forcing 
CPU design and over clocking it and causing it to run extremely fast is just not a very good idea. 

It makes a lot more sense to run at the natural frequency of the semiconductor process and utilize all kinds of 
parallelism ideas. In the case of CPUs, we have four cores. In the case of the GPU, we have 12 cores. Using parallelism 
is the most efficient and also the highest performance approach to computing that we know. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Fantastic. Will it – in terms of economics, will it be scaled by 28 nanometers? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, 28-nanometer is not available yet so it's not an option this. On the other hand, 
40-nanometer is actually more economical than 28-nanometer this year and we'll likely expect it to be so until about 
first half, maybe even the midpoint of next year. So 40-nanometer is absolutely the right approach. It is the most mature 
and we can go into very, very high production very, very quickly because the yields are so great. 

Operator 

And your next question is from the line of Ambrish Srivastava [BMO Capital Markets]. 

<Q - Emily Scudder>: Hi, this is Emily calling for Ambrish. Thank you for taking my call. For the Tegra business, can 
you comment on the mix of that between smartphones and tablets today and where you see that as we exit the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, it's hard to tell because it depends on how many smartphones and tablets our partners 
sell and so it's really, really hard to tell. I mean one of the things that we all have to recognize is the market for tablets 
is much, much larger than we all expected. And every single time an analyst comes out with another projection for the 
size of tablet market, it gets bigger. 

And I think there's a couple of reasons for that. They're just wonderfully delightful to use. They're easy to carry around. 
And you see more and more people now carrying around tablets instead of – - surely instead of – I've never seen 
anybody carry a netbook around. But you see more and more people carry tablets around than notebooks. And also, 
even if you have a PC, you don't mind buying a tablet to supplement it. If you already have a PC, it's not likely you'd 
buy another PC, but you surely would buy a tablet to supplement it. 

And so I think it's an easy, easy purchase. It's easy to use and delightful to use. And so I think people are surprised by 
the size of the tablet market. My sense is that we're going to continue to be surprised by the size of the tablet market 
certainly as more and more capabilities come out. You know, one of the things that we're really excited about is that 
these tablets are now completely Flash accelerated. And so you can go to any website, you can run any application off 


the web that you expect to. And so those kind of new usage capabilities and this freedom to explore capability is 
something that we're quite excited about. 

And so it's just – it's hard for us to tell right now. The thing that I can tell you is that our design wins are all Tier 1s. I 
mean these are the marquee names of the mobile industry and the computing industry, and I have a great deal of faith in 
their ability to create exciting products and taking them to market. And so we'll just have to wait and see how it turns 
out. 

<Q - Emily Scudder>: All right. And then within the GPU segment, can you comment on your expectation for ASPs 
on desktops and notebooks as the Sandy Bridge systems are rolled out? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, our ASPs – it depends on two factors. On the one hand, most of the notebook 
ASPs are going to be lower than the GTX 580 and 570, the 560 we just recently rolled out. On the other hand, the GTX 
570 and 560 are still ramping and so it's hard to say exactly how it's going to play out. We're just going to have to 
report on the progress as we go. 

I mean we're excited about the gamers market. The gamers market is – has three catalysts this year. One, there's some 
really, really big titles for PC gaming out. Crysis 2 is just really, really exciting. And so I think the enthusiasts come out 
when there's great new breakthrough games like Crysis. 

The second thing is it's been a long time since the PC gamers had a basic platform of great opportunity. Sandy Bridge is 
the best CPU that's been built for PC gamers in a long, long time. And so we have SLI motherboards with Intel, we 
have SLI motherboards with ASUSTeK, with Gigabyte, with many others, so that gamers can upgrade their PCs with 
affordable very low power and very high performance systems. And so we're – you know, when Sandy Bridge starts to 
ramp and the SLI motherboards start to ship here in the near future, we're going to have to see how many people come 
up for the upgrade. 

And then lastly is 3D Vision. When you can enjoy everything in 3D, it's just much more exciting. And 3D Vision 
basically doubles the resolution, one for each eye, doubles the resolution that is needed to enjoy the game, and so that 
tends to drive higher end ASPs. And so we're just going to have to wait and see before we can tell for sure. 

Operator 

And your next question is from the line of Harlan Sur [J.P. Morgan]. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Hi, thank you for taking my question and nice job on the quarterly execution. Within your 
guidance for the first quarter, can you just give us a sense directionally about the quarter-on-quarter revenue trends for 
your three different segments? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, Harlan, this is David. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Hi, David. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On the desktop side, typically we see 
some seasonality in there in the first quarter. You know, we're – that'll probably be modest for the business. Our 
notebook business is going to grow very nicely in Q1, primarily as a result of the Sandy Bridge platforms that'll be 
shipping in the quarter. And we expect obviously Tesla and Tegra to continue growing and helping drive our revenue 
growth going into the new fiscal year. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: And then I think you said on your earnings release that you expect Quadro to grow again in the 
first quarter as well? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, that's correct. 

<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay, great, and then one more question, if I may. On Tegra, obviously the team has a rapid ramp 
ahead of them. And I think the concern with anything associated with the mobile and retail spaces, how do you monitor 


sell-through to the end markets and to consumers, and then to kind of triangulate that with the orders that you're getting 
from your handset and your tablet customers? So maybe you can take us through how the team plans to keep a close 
eye on sell-in to your customers versus sell-through to the end markets? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I think the way I would look at that is in our larger businesses like Quadro and 
GeForce, we put a lot of energy into monitoring sell-outs and sell-throughs. And the reason for that is because we're 
such a large position in the marketplace. Tegra is a brand new product for us, and we have almost zero exposure in the 
mobile industry, and this is really our first major push into it. 

And the devices that we're in are not fringe or exotic devices. I mean they're not transformer type devices or new 3D 
displays where people aren't sure yet whether those adoptions are going to be quite high or not. These are straight down 
the middle, high end, and where the demand is the greatest superphone devices right now. 

And as you see from the devices, they're beautiful and they're the primary platforms for the marquee customers that 
we're working with. I mean it is core to their business. These aren't fringe products. And so I think that from that 
perspective, I have a relative amount of confidence that our partners are going to do a great job marketing them and the 
enthusiasm in the marketplace is already really, really high, and the reviews have been great. So my sense is we're 
going to do quite well. 

As we get to be a much larger player in the mobile space, we're going to have to develop those things that – those kind 
of systems that we use for the PC industry where we monitor sell-throughs and sell-outs, and so we're going to have to 
continue to do a better job with that. But at the moment, I think that we're going into I guess what people consider blue 
ocean. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Doug Freedman [Gleacher & Company]. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Hi, great, thanks for taking my question, guys. Last quarter you mentioned that you thought 
that Tegra could actually be above your chipset business. Would you care to comment on if that occurred or not? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It did not occur this quarter. It will occur next quarter. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay, would it be possible for you to rank your product segments by gross margin so we can 
sort of get a sense of where the gross margin benefits are really coming from? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, Doug, our – as we've talked about 
previously, our Professional business which includes both Quadro and Tesla are our highest margin businesses for the 
company, and below that would be Tegra and our desktop notebook business, below that. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Tegra and then – I'm sorry, the desktop is...? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Our desktop and notebook business 
which are below our company average. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Would desktop or – would desktop be above notebook? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay. And then when we look at some of the OpEx number, it looks like this quarter you're 
planning on OpEx growth, it looks a little bit above the revenue guided, especially if we were to strip out the $22 
million royalty payment. Can you comment on what we should think about for OpEx both in Q1 and throughout the 
balance of the year, given the need to support all the Tegra programs? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we're, you know, as I – as we 
included in the CFO commentary, a lot of what's driving – really the two largest components that are driving operating 


expense really are the fact that our stock price has gone up and that's driving stock-based compensation, and the other 
piece is hiring and engineering support materials and so forth for all of the products that we're launching. We will, you 
know, we – some of those investments that we're making and are coming in in Q1 precede revenue that we hope to 
realize later on in the year as we see Tesla and Tegra and our other pieces of our business ramping. 

As it relates to $327 million which I think is what we guided for Q1 and that's how going to behave going forward, we 
won't have for example, payroll tax for the full year and so forth. And so that'll naturally go down and some other 
expenses will offset that. But I wouldn't expect it to be appreciably higher going through the year when you net all 
those things out. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And I think it's inappropriate to not include royalties as a part of our ongoing business. 
There's several businesses in our company where royalties is the natural way for us to engage our customers, and it 
does require innovation and engineering invention for us to benefit from those royalties. And so I think the two go hand 
in hand and it's not – I wouldn't split it out. I would expect it to be an ongoing part of our business going forward. 

Operator 

And your next question is from the line of Raj Seth [Cowen & Company]. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Hi, thanks, thanks for taking the question. Jen-Hsun, a question on Tegra, you talked before about 
chip IT companies having to become much more systems-aware. I'm curious, when you engage with key partners like 
HP, can you talk a little bit about how much system level software integration you're doing, how much they're doing, 
and does your engagement model differ from your competitors in any way? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're actually not engaged with HP so you chose one that we're not actually... 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Oh, I'm sorry, yeah, yeah, forgive me, but any of your key partners? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The answer is in the mobile space, there's just a lot of systems software to do. And it is – you 
know, doing – developing multimedia and systems software technology is one of the areas where we just have an 
enormous amount of expertise because of building sophisticated computers over the years. 

And if you look at the PC, the amount of systems software we had to do for it is every bit now the same in the mobile 
industry, if not more. You know, and that's one of the reasons why we believe that mobile computing was going to be 
such a great opportunity for us, that on the one hand, the modem will continue to be important. On the other hand, for 
certain classes of devices, whether it's the superphones or tablets, it's – computing capability is one of the most 
important things. 

And in order to deliver on a great computing experience, the ability to create all of the systems software from video to 
graphic to multi-tasking to all of the Flash accelerations and just the enormous amount of open GL and whatever it is, 
and computer vision and imaging software, and all of that kind of software working together in a – just a really 
wonderful experience is hard to pull together. And this is something that we believe we have a great deal of expertise 
and a great deal of capacity to do, so we do quite a large amount of it. 

And it's – you know, we know our architecture best. This is an area that, in terms of systems software, few companies 
in the world has a very large capacity to do. The three companies that probably have the largest capacity in the world of 
systems software is probably us, Intel and AMD because of all of the computers that we've built over the years. And we 
just have more people in systems software with this expertise than just about anyone else in the world. And so I think 
that this is something that is of great, great importance and it's becoming more and more important, and a greater and 
greater bottleneck. 

And if you read some of the early reviews of Tegra 2 phones, some of the comments that people are making are the 
stability and the performance of these phones right out the chute. You know, most of the phones that – smartphones 
that you may have bought, with the exception of Apple's products frankly, you've had to debug into existence. And we 
think that that's not inherent to a phone, it's just because it's inherent to building great computers. And so I think this is 


an area of great differentiation for us. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Can I ask a follow-up if I might, so this is one of the differentiators. You've got a very aggressive 
roadmap that you showed on Tegra. As we move forward, what are the key differentiators other than what you just 
talked about in the tablet market and handset market from your perspective? And over time, given the integration trends 
at least in the handset market, is the lack of baseband and conductivity a material constraint or not for you in your 
view? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Computing is a very large space. And although these mobile devices are starting to do more 
and computing, the computing capability that we're looking at is still rather nascent. You know, the benefit that we 
have is – and we described this at Mobile World Congress, the benefit that we have is the rich and deep pipeline of 
intellectual property that we can bring to bear as mobile devices become more and more computing capable. 

We put – we went from a company that was working on basically one and a half to two mobile chips to a company that 
now has five chips on the roadmap. And we're concurrently working on projects that go all the way out to 
20-nanometer and beyond. We don't have to wait for anyone to create the computing technology for us to license. I 
mean we have all the technology here for us to bring to bear and execute a really aggressive roadmap. And that's how 
we're able to, year in, year out, crank out leading edge products that the rest of the industry is just putting in and talking 
about it on paper. 

With respect to modems, there are quite a few modem players in the world. I mean you'd be surprised how many of 
them there are. Qualcomm is obviously a supplier, Infineon's a supplier, ST-Ericsson's a supplier. There are many 
others. And our focus is on the segments of the marketplace where computing is really important. And we believe that 
there's a great deal of work that we can do here before we need to consider increased levels of integration. 

And then lastly, both the computing side and the modem side are going through very rapid innovation at the moment. 
On the one hand, computing is going from dual-core to quad-core, and more and more GPU performance, and better 
and better video capability and such. And on the other hand, modems are going from 2.5G to 3G to 4G, and so all of 
these are moving parts. Integration is the enemy of innovation. And so it's hard to move as fast when you have to 
integrate everything into one chip. 

Operator 

And your next question is from the line of Vijay Rakesh [Sterne Agee]. 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: Yeah, hi, guys. I was just wondering, when you look at your Tegra, obviously it's ramping in a 
lot of markets for tablets here. What was the breakout in Q4 and how do you see that in Q1, Q2? If you would give us 
some more color on that. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: In Q4, we just barely started shipping the early production ramp to first partners. In Q1, we 
will be in quite significant production across many, many of the OEMs. So it's going to be quite a big step-up. 

<Q - Vijay Rakesh>: Right, and just to take a step back, you had guided Tegra. What is your guidance for Tegra for 
the year? And are you seeing any change on the upside or downside yet as you've gone through the last couple of 
quarters and the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have not guided Tegra for the year. Probably the new piece of information about Tegra is 
Kal-El going to production this year. I don't think anybody expected us to announce that. I don't think anybody 
expected us to have a roadmap that was this aggressive, and it was a surprise to all of our competitors and was even a 
surprise to many of our customers. And so all of our partners are in retooling mode right now on roadmaps so that they 
can catch up to us on Kal-El. And so I'm excited about the second half of the year as the tablet market continues to 
develop and as we go into Kal-El. So that's the new piece of information that I'm encouraging people – people realize 
to consider. 


Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Tim Luke [Barclays Capital]. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you so much. I was wondering, as you look at the revenue momentum, having had a strong up 
uptick into April as you start the Tegra ramp, do you feel that sort of rate of growth may be sustainable through into the 
July period, or is it to some extent that you've had a big near-term lift associated with the initial supply into the 
channel? And I was wondering, Jen-Hsun, if you could have any framework associated with the expectation of the 
timeline for you to talk about Tegra 3? Thank you so much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: First of all, we've barely shipped anything, so Tegra 2 has just barely gone into production. In 
terms of thinking about these things, the growth and the growth opportunities, really the only thing you can really keep 
in mind is the size of the opportunity and the partners that you have to address those opportunities. The size of the 
tablet opportunity is obviously larger than anybody expected. And I think people are getting a firmer grip on why it is 
that the tablet is such a wonderful computing device. 

Secondly, I think the partners that we are going to market with are undoubtedly the best in the world. If we had to 
choose the best Android partners in the world to go to market with, I think we couldn't have chosen a better list. So I 
think we're going to be able to address a very large market and address it with partners who could give us global reach. 

With respect to future Tegras, I'm not sure if there was an exact question, but we have... 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Tegra 3. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I haven't used the word Tegra 3 yet, but we demonstrated recently a processor called Kal-El. 
It's an internal code name for a next generation processor. We haven't figured out – we haven't decided yet what the 
market name is going to be. It is intended to be in production in Q3. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you. And just for David, on OpEx, if I may, having seen the guidance move up around $25 
million-odd in the April quarter, do you think that the rate of growth in OpEx through the next several quarters to 
support the customers is likely to be in a similar range, or do you think that the magnitude of sequential increases could 
be somewhat lower? Thank you so much. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Tim, I think the magnitude 
quarter-over-quarter after Q1 should be much lower. You've got two step functions that kind of impacted Q1. One was 
the restart of payroll taxes, which is pretty binary. And then the second one is just the recent run-up in our stock has 
caused our stock-based compensation to go quite handedly as well. And so you know, we'll have to wait and see what 
happens to the stock price, but certainly the FICA won't be going and getting reset again. And I think in terms of our 
controllable expenses, in terms of engineering, materials and rents and all those things, people costs and so forth, I 
wouldn't expect it to be rising as much as it did from Q4 to Q1. 

Operator 

Your next question is full the line of Patrick Wang [Wedbush Morgan]. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. David, you're going to get a nice lift in gross margins over 
the course of this year due to your royalty payments. I was hoping you could talk about gross margins over time and 
perhaps how to think about that as your royalty steps up into the July quarter and beyond. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, the royalty or license fee from 
Intel will contribute 2.5 to 3 points of gross margin starting in the second quarter. If you hold that out and you just look 
at our core business, gross margins there should also be increasing through the year as well, particularly as Tesla and 
Tegra products ramp, and I think even as our desktop business at the – our high end GTX 560, 70 and 80 products 
continue to gain momentum out in the marketplace. So certainly we see a path for our margins being well into the low 
50s sometime during the year. 


<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay, I mean if I just a do a little bit of math there, it should almost be conceivable that you 
could exit the year at – with something in the mid 50s. Is that just unrealistic? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We'll just have to wait and see. We've 
got a lot – you know, second half of the year has got a lot of unknowns on at this point, particularly in some of our new 
businesses. So we'd certainly like to think that we'll have a very nice back end of the year and that'll contribute to 
margin uplift. We'll just have to wait. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Kevin Cassidy [Thomas Weisel Partners]. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, you had mentioned staying with the 
40-nanometers. I wonder, could tell me more about what went into that decision process? Was it time to market or is it 
even your customers' request? Or – I guess just wanted to understand that a little more. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well first of all, 28-nanometer is not available this year, not until the very end of the year. 
And I think for us to ship production out in Q3, we'd have to start wafers in early Q2, right? And so 28-nanometer just 
is not an option. Secondarily, 40-nanometer is now in the third year of its production, and the yields are fabulous. And 
so I think that's a wonderful reason to do it. And so I think on the one hand, 28-nanometer isn't available; on the other 
hand, 40-nanometer is yielding fabulously, so I think it's just naturally the right answer. 

But going forward, the way to think about it is the general rhythm that you'll see in the industry for companies that 
come up with new processors every year, you should expect to see two processors in the same node or so. You've 
noticed other companies have used different ways of explaining the rhythm, and some use one process node change. 
One is a architecture change. The next one is a process node change. So basically it's every other year for a new process 
node. And I think that rhythm is not a bad rhythm. I mean that's basically how quickly the industry is changing process. 
So it stands to reason that Tegra 2 and Tegra next or Kal-El would use the same process and then the following ones 
would be at 28-nanometers. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Shawn Webster [Macquarie]. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Hi, great, thank you. A couple questions. On Tegra, is there a breakeven run rate that you guys 
need for you to be breaking even on an operating margin basis now? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The answer is it's hard to predict, and the reason for that is this: more and more of our 
company is involved in the Tegra roadmap, so as quickly as Tegra is growing, more of our company's overall R&D is 
driving into the Tegra roadmap. And it's because – it's great for mobile devices, smartphones, tablets, and because of 
Microsoft's announcement with Windows Next running on ARM, all of a sudden Tegra has the ability to address, front 
and center dead on, the core notebook PC market. And I think that the opportunity to take future generation Tegra 
processors directly into the notebook market is really exciting to me. 

And it's also a way for the PC industry to really be re-revolutionized, if you will, with industrial designs that are 
exquisite and battery life and usage models that are very, very different than today's notebook. I think it's pretty clear at 
this point that in the future, Windows notebooks will make today's notebooks look a little bit like refrigerators. And I 
think that we have the ability to completely revolutionize how people see notebook computers again, and I'm excited 
about that. And so how much of our engineering should really go into Tegra and related Denver plus Tesla, the answer 


is a lot, and so the breakeven point could eventually become all of them. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And switching gears, I love the Superman analogy for Kal-El by the way, but on your 
core GPU and chipset business, what is the size of the chipset business for you guys today, just to get a sense of the 
trajectory where we're sitting now and as we evolve for the next couple quarters? And then also can you share with us 
what your GPU units did sequentially for Q4? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So on the MCP business, Shawn, I think 
we've talked previously about that business roughly running its course for the most part through the first half of this 
fiscal year, fiscal '12. And then in the second half of the year, it should be a pretty minor piece of our business. We've 
not really broken it out beyond that, other than to say at least at this point, we know that Tegra will exceed it in Q1. 

And as far as units are concerned, our units were up in the fourth quarter, primarily on the strength of our mainstream 
business, but more importantly, the revenue per unit or the ASP as someone asked earlier, was driven primarily by our 
mix changes. And we're happy to see that, it drives a lot of earnings potential for the company and opportunity for the 
company, and we don't right now see that changing materially going forward. 

Operator 

And your next question is from the line of James Schneider [Goldman Sachs]. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. Related to Tegra 2, in Q1, could you share 
with us what you think your ASPs are today in that product and where do you think they'll be as we exit the year? Do 
you think they'll be down or maybe even up, given the mix of Kal-El? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let me just give you some directional input, and it's – our ASPs for tablets, because the 
package is larger and the bin tends to be a little higher, our tablet margins or ASPs are higher than that of smartphones. 
Smartphones are also designed into – depending on which tier of the customers we engage with, extremely high 
volume engagements or moderate volume engagements, those ASPs tend to be lower than tablets. And Kal-El, as the 
world's first quad-core, would command a premium when the product comes out. And so those are kind of the 
directional levels. We haven't broken them out much further than that. 

<Q - James Schneider>: Okay. And maybe as a follow-up, could you address your notebook GPU share as we head 
through this year? Clearly you're gaining share obviously on individual platforms. Do you think that it kinds of steps up 
in Q1 and Q2 and then kind of plateaus as we head throughout the back half of the year, or do you think that's more of a 
gradual continual ramp throughout the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Most of that depends on how quickly Intel is going to transition Sandy Bridge relative to 
Huron River, I think was the last platform. If Intel gets aggressive to the point of Sandy River, of course our share on 
Sandy River is much, much higher than that of Huron River. And as you'll recall, we lost market share on Huron River 
with the first firming generation. 

But the GTX 5 – the GTX 4 to 5 family, the second generation firming, has been a huge success for us. From desktop 
to notebook, we have the best stack of GPUs in the world today. And so the more aggressively Intel transitions from 
Sandy River to Huron River, the more quickly we'll gain market share, so partly it depends on that. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Arnab Chanda [Roth Capital Partners]. Arnab, your line is open. Excuse me, 
Arnab, your line is open. 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Take the next call, 
Operator. 


Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Glen Yeung [Citigroup]. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. I think somebody quoted a Gartner number for tablets in 2014. When you think about a 
number that big, what do you think's a realistic target for NVIDIA's market share in that business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, who knows? 2014's a long time from now. I think the – there's a couple things that we 
believe in. We believe that computers are going to become thinner and thinner, and easier and easier to use, and touch 
is going to become an increasing important part of computing. And so it stands to reason that tablets or notebooks that 
can become tablets, or tablets that can become notebooks, that these are going to become if you will, kind of part of 
computing. It will become the PC. 

And what we consider a tablet today, but if you look at some of the ways people are thinking about it, I think about it as 
just personal computers. This is the new personal computer. And there are just different form factors. There are smaller 
version of tablets, we call them smartphones or superphones. There are larger versions of tablets, we call them 
notebooks. There are even super large versions of tablets if you will, all in one PCs. 

And so I think that you're going to find the industrial design of personal computers has become disruptive if you will, 
as a result of mobile computing components being used, and mobile computing processors being used. And so I think 
that the space of personal computers, tablets, smartphones are going to become a little bit fuzzy over time. Even the 
OEMs that provide them will become fuzzy over time, and it stands to reason that at this point I think we all believe 
this is a very large market. 

Now to be successful within that large market, it's important that you have very low power design. It's important that 
you have the ARM processor. The ARM ISA has now become the de facto standard of this segment of the market, and 
it's become very disruptive. It is the only ISA now that can support all of the major operating systems necessary for the 
mobile computing space from iOS to QNX to Android to now next generation Windows. So it's clear that you need to 
have ARM. 

And then after that, you need to have expertise in building computers. Whether – an SoC is basically a computer on a 
chip, and when you are a provider of a computer on a chip. And when there are this many operating systems to support, 
you'd better have deep, deep expertise and – not to mention capacity of systems software expertise building 
sophisticated computers like this. And so I think that's – at the very high level, it's really exactly how we think about 
our strategy, that this is a very large market. It is disruptive. It is disrupting the computer industry as we see it and know 
it right now. 

And this is an area where we believe we can play – add a great deal of – make a great contribution and drive our 
growth. And so aside from that, it's kind of hard to predict exactly whether Gartner is going to be right or not. My guess 
is based on where the analysts' predictions have been going lately, it seems like every month they've been raising their 
estimates, and so we don't know where it stops. 

Operator 

And your final question is from the line of Craig Berger [Friedman, Billings, Ramsay]. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys, nice job and thanks for taking my question. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, a lot, Craig. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: On the GPU business, a) is there an impact in the April quarter from the Intel Sandy Bridge 
delay, meaning is production being held up? And then b) where is your notebook market share now and where do you 
expect it to go? And then as part of that, do you think Sandy Bridge is going to take any overall GPU share? Thanks. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Number one, we have not experienced a disruption so far on Sandy Bridge. People are still 
running as hard as they can. They paused but I think Intel is doing quite a good job on helping everyone recover. With 
respect to share, I think our share is around 40% today. My guess is that when it's all said and done, our share should be 
north of 60. 

And then with respect to attach rate, the PC industry still has basically two tiers. The basic, basic PC and the premium 
PC. If every PC uses basic Intel integrated graphics, then everything would be the same and everything would become 
a PCR. But obviously no consumer would like that because they still believe that there's an opportunity to buy a better 
PC and one that has higher performance or higher resolution or just more interactivity, or the fact that our GPU is just 
far, far, far more compatible with games so – and all the multimedia applications. 

So it depends on how you want to – what you use it for. If you're a person looking for a basic PC, then integrated 
graphics makes sense for you. If you're looking for a premium PC and buy something a little bit better with the money 
you have, adding a GPU to it is really a fabulous thing. And so that basic dynamic hasn't really changed with the 
introduction of Sandy Bridge so I'm not expecting much GPU attach differences. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thanks. One quick follow-up, you guys said you did about $100 million of Tesla this year. Do 
you care to throw out a number that we should dial in to our models for 2011? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's hard to say, but we should grow very nicely this year. We'll give you more guidance as 
we get closer to it. 

Operator 

And no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks? 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thank you, everyone. We look forward to talking to you about our Q1 results. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


