Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call to Mr. Michael Hara, Vice President, 
Investor Relations. Thank you sir; you may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the third fiscal quarter ended October 28, 2007. On the 
call today for NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marv Burkett, 
NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we begin today's call, I would like to take care of some general administrative items. Your lines have been 
placed on a listen-only mode until the question and answer segment of today's call. 

During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures about net income, diluted net income per share, 
and gross margin when talking about our results. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures 
to GAAP financial measures in our financial release which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at 
www.nvidia.com. Unless otherwise noted, all references to research numbers throughout the call come from Mercury 
Research. 

This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Please be aware that if you 
decide to ask a question, it will be included in both our live transmission as well as any future use of the recording. 
Also, shareholders can listen to a live webcast of today's call via the Investor Relations page of our website at 
www.nvidia.com. The webcast will be available for replay until the company's conference call to discuss its financial 
results for its fourth quarter fiscal 2008. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
Forward-looking statements, including statements as to the importance of uses for GPUs, our outlook, the impact, 
features, performance and availability of our products and technologies, our strategies, our growth and growth drivers, 
pertain to future events and are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results 
may differ materially from results discussed in any forward-looking statements. For a complete discussion of factors 
that could affect the company's future financial results and business, please refer to the company's Form 10-Q for the 
period ended July 29, 2007, and the reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us today, and except 
as required by law, the company assumes no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast 
contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of November 8, 2007. Consistent with the requirements 
under Regulation FD, we will be providing public guidance directly in the conference call, and will be unable to 
provide significantly more information in offline conversations or during the quarter. Therefore, questions around our 
financial expectations should be asked during this call. 


At the end of our remarks, there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask questions, please 
limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow one follow-up question. 

I will now hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Mike. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today, we are pleased to report record revenue, record net 
income, and record gross margin. This is also our first $1 billion quarter. For our third quarter, revenue grew 
approximately 19% sequentially from Q2 and 36% from last year to a record 1.12 billion. GAAP net income increased 
more than 121% year-over-year and GAAP gross margin improved by 550 basis points from a year ago to a record 
46.2%. 

Let me review some of our recent achievements. As the first GPU company to reach the $1 billion a quarter level, 
NVIDIA continues to be one of the fastest growing semiconductor companies in the world. Our GeForce desktop and 
notebook GPU product lines each achieved record revenue. The desktop GPU product line grew 33% year-over-year 
and the notebook GPU product line grew 120% from last year. Our standalone notebook GPU share grew to 72%, up 
from 52% a year ago. 

In September, we shipped our first-ever single-chip motherboard GPU for Intel processor based desktop PCs, the 
NVIDIA GeForce 7000 GPU family. The GeForce 7000 family delivers the performance of an entry-level discrete 
GPU and leading graphics compatibilities when compared against traditional integrated graphics solutions. We estimate 
the Intel segment represents approximately 40 million units of new addressable market opportunity next year and is 
expected to be a strong growth driver for our GeForce motherboard GPU business. 

In October, we launched the new GeForce 8800 GT GPU, the first in our family of 65-nanometer desktop GPUs. The 
8800 GT combines best-of-gaming performance and best-in-HD playback at a $199 price point. Reviewers are calling 
the 8800 GT the next GeForce4 Ti4200. The Ti4200 was called the perfect GPU at its time because it was 
simultaneously modern, high performance, and well priced. The Ti4400 (sic) was one of the most successful products 
in our history. The widely recognized tech website, AnandTech wrote, it's really not often that we have the pleasure to 
review such a product so impressively positioned. The 8800 GT is a terrific product and is sitting in the street at a 
terrific price. The performance advantage and price utterly destroys our perception of the GPU landscape. 

Our Quadro Professional Solutions business achieved record revenue and grew 37% year-over-year. During the quarter, 
we launched seven new Quadro solutions and most notably the Quadro FX 370 and 570, which deliver ISV-certified 
hardware at sub $200 price points. The computer-aided industry, design industry, is undergoing a massive transition 
from 2D illustration to worldwide collaborative 3D design and could represent tens of millions of new CAD seats over 
the coming years. We believe the FX 370 and 570 are ideal solutions for the entry level designer and will continue to 
accelerate our growth in the Professional Solutions segment. 

And finally, we began shipments of the Tesla C870 GPU computing processor and D870 deskside supercomputer 
products this quarter. The adoption of Tesla and the CUDA C-language programming environment and tool suite 
continues to accelerate. We believe we now have more than 3,600 developers in 14 industry categories working with 
CUDA on existing applications – exciting applications ranging from automotive vision systems, biological simulations, 
computational fluid dynamics, seismic processing and imaging, speech synthesis, computational finance, quantum 
molecular dynamics, protein folding, to computer vision. 

Let me turn the call over to Marv to discuss our financial results in more detail. I will return in a moment to discuss our 
businesses and growth drivers for Q4 and beyond. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 


Thanks Jen-Hsun. Today, we will be looking at both GAAP and non-GAAP results for our Q3 and nine months ended 
October 28, 2007. The only difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is stock-based compensation and its tax effect. 
As Jen-Hsun stated earlier, revenue for the third quarter was 1.12 billion, which is up 19% quarter-to-quarter and up 
36% year-to-year. Obviously, it was a very strong quarter. And our concerns at the beginning of the quarter as to the 
sustainability of the strength we saw in Q2 never manifested. 

Also at the beginning of the quarter, there were concerns relative to production limitations. Through the efforts of our 
partners and our operations staff, we were able to overcome most of those limitations. In a few cases, our revenue was 
limited by production, but relative to our concerns at the beginning of the quarter, these were minor. 

In our GPU business, the growth was led by notebook, which grew 41% quarter-to-quarter and 120% year-to-year. The 
desktop business grew 14% over the second quarter and was up 33% over the prior year. In the quarter GeForce 8X 
products accounted for more than 80% of our desktop and notebook business. Our MCP business grew 23% 
quarter-to-quarter as we began to see traction in our new Intel platform products. PSB, our workstation business, grew 
20% over the second quarter and 37% over the prior year. Even our Consumer business grew 6% over Q2. All in all, 
there was strong growth in all segments. 

On gross margins, we reported GAAP gross margin of 46.2%, which is up 90 basis points from Q2. Non-GAAP gross 
margin was 46.4%. We had anticipated strong gross margin based on the growth in GeForce 8X products, the increase 
in professional solutions, and the increase in PlayStation 3 royalties. All of these contributed to the increase in gross 
margin. We are again pleased with our progress. 

Operating expenses were 268 million GAAP and 238 million non-GAAP. This was slightly higher than our guidance. 
A major factor in this increase was the improved performance and outlook for the whole fiscal year and how that 
affected our variable compensation programs. For the quarter, we had to accrue an additional $8 million as a catch-up 
based on the increased financial performance and expectations. This is a one-time catch-up. 

We ended the quarter with 4,609 employees, which is up 236 from the second quarter, as we continued to aggressively 
hire, particularly in R&D. 155 of the 236 new employees were in R&D. 

Depreciation for the quarter was 33 million and capital expenditures were 70.4 million. The increase in capital 
expenditures can be attributed to two factors. We bought additional testers of $22 million. These testers are consigned 
to our contractors in Asia for the increased production. We also purchased some land for 27 million in anticipation of 
building additional space. 

Interest and other income was 19 million in the quarter and the tax rate was adjusted down to 13% for the year to date. 
This resulted in a tax rate for the third quarter of 11.7%. The slight downward adjustment results from more 
international sales than anticipated as well as higher R&D tax credits. 

On the balance sheet, cash and marketable securities ended the quarter at 1.85 billion, which is an increase of 281 
million from the second quarter despite repurchasing 125 million of stock during the quarter. 

Operating cash flow hit $400 million in the quarter for the first time. Accounts receivables were 552 million, an 
increase of only 44 million from the second quarter as the even profile of shipments during the quarter helped 
collections. DSO for the quarter was 45 days, down from 50 days in Q2. 

Inventory grew slightly to 306 million in spite of the strong sales and production limitations. Most of the increase can 
be attributed to new products that were not introduced until after the end of the quarter. DSI for the quarter was 46 
days. 

On the outlook, we have had two consecutive excellent quarters where revenue has exceeded our expectations. Even 
with this, we currently see strong demand for our products. And as a result, we expect revenue to grow in our fourth 
quarter. Revenue growth in the 5 to 7% range would be within our expectations. We expect our growth to be led by the 
continued strength in GPUs and new products in both GPUs and MCP. 


For gross margin, we've made excellent progress and we will work very hard to maintain our gross margin. New 
products will help, but we are currently ahead of our plan and – currently have our plan in our progress. Operating 
expenses will increase in the fourth quarter despite the catch-up that occurred in the third quarter. This increase is the 
result of additional hiring and increased R&D expenses associated with new products. A total operating expense 
increase in the 3 to 5% is reasonable. We would expect the tax rate to stay close to our 13%, but if there is any 
adjustment, it would have a downward bias. 

In summary, we expect an excellent Q4. I will now turn it back over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Marv. We are entering the era of digital computing. Some of the most exciting applications require a GPU for 
the best experience. Industry expert PwC estimates the worldwide video game market to be $30 billion in size and 
expects the market to grow to $50 billion by 2010. According to comScore, 217 million video gamers immerse 
themselves in online virtual worlds and expect that number to grow 17% annually. To date, there have been over 200 
million unique downloads of Google Earth. SketchUp makes it easy for millions of users around the world to convert 
Google Earth into a full 3D world. Microsoft has shipped 85 million units of Vista and Apple's new Leopard looks 
amazing and is a step forward in UI design. Both demand a GPU to deliver the best experience. Our computing 
experience is increasingly enhanced by the GPU. As the largest GPU company and the world's leading visual 
computing company, we're very well positioned to continue to lead this revolution. 

Near term, we see multiple growth drivers. First GeForce discrete GPU, GeForce GPU grew to 21 million units in Q3, 
up 30% from a year ago. The combination of our technology leadership, great content support, and the ever increasing 
importance of the GPU in our computing experience are contributing to drive our growth. We estimate the install base 
of GeForce to be approximately 200 million units. That makes GeForce the largest game console community and a 
target rich environment for game and application developers. We believe that PC game market is continuing to grow. 

Our overall Enthusiast GPU segment grew 35% year over year. The GPU Enthusiast GPU market grew 170%. Our 
strategy is to make GeForce one of the most important processors of the visual computing era through technology 
leadership, increasing programmability, great content experience, and promoting our great brands. 

Second, GeForce motherboard GPU; GeForce motherboard GPUs grew to 10 million units per quarter, up 50% from a 
year ago. The GeForce 7000 is off to a great start. We are now the only chipset supplier to support both Intel and AMD 
processor platforms and the only branded integrated GPU supplier for the Intel processor platform. The Integrated 
Graphics opportunity represents approximately 60% of the world's PC market. Our strategy is to bring the benefits of 
GeForce to the most sensitive price segments while creating exciting platform architectures like SLI, hybrid SLI, and 
ESA. ESA, which was recently announced and stands for Enthusiastic System Architecture, is a standard for system 
information protocol that links the system's various critical components, such as fan, power supply, smart chassis, GPU 
cards, and motherboards. It enables a unified architecture for applications and users to control and optimize 
performance of their system. SLI, hybrid SLI, and ESA are examples of how NVIDIA creates architectures that 
advance the capabilities of the PC. 

Third, global proliferation of industrial design is driving Quadro growth. NVIDIA's Quadro brand is the de facto 
standard for workstation visualization. Quadro is not just GPU. Quadro is a professional class of GPUs that incorporate 
features demanded by creative professionals as well as software that completes a solution need for each vertical market, 
whether auto, medical imaging, film, or financial markets. We are experiencing multiple simultaneous dynamics in the 
professional market. Traditional 2D design and their illustration is transitioning to collaborative 3D design and product 
life cycle management. 

Globalization is forcing multisite design teams around the world to adopt common platforms, and in sponsoring the 
growth of local industries in China and in India. All these dynamics are expanding the workstation TAM. 


Fourth, the GPU computing – GPU computing with CUDA and Tesla; CUDA is a data parallel programming 
environment built on C. CUDA runs on all the millions of G80-based and beyond GPUs, whether Quadro, GeForce, or 
Tesla. Tesla is the brand of GPU software system solution that's targeted at the high-performance computing market. 
The initial adoption of Tesla would be inclusion into supercomputing clusters. Next year, we should see deskside 
personal supercomputing workstations powered by Tesla for data parallel supercomputing and Quadro for interactive 
visualization. 

And with CUDA on GeForce, we will quickly reach a 100 million unit per year run rate for CUDA-powered GPUs for 
the consumer market. For consumers, CUDA on GeForce will enhance applications like video and image processing 
and physics processing for games. CUDA is one of most revolutionary and disruptive ideas from our company. CUDA 
has ignited interest on GPU computing all over the world. There is growing understanding that the data parallel 
architecture of a GPU is radically different than that of a CPU. And for a large of class compute intensive data parallel 
applications, the GPU can increase performance from 10 to several hundred times. 

Fifth, we expect our first application processor to sample at the beginning of next year. We believe another personal 
computer revolution is about to happen. Mobile devices like phones, music players, and portable navigation devices 
will all increasingly become multifunction, multitasking, personal computers. If so, the architecture of these devices 
will increasingly become consumer PC-like and be capable of delivering all the entertainment and web experiences we 
enjoy on our PC today, but in a form factor that fits nicely in your hands. 

Our mobile strategy is to drive the second personal computer revolution by creating a from the ground up application 
processor and system-on-a-chip that enables this experience. AP15 as it is called internally is the culmination of several 
hundred man-years of R&D. The mobile application processor is an area where we can add a tremendous amount of 
value and represents a several hundred million units a year growth opportunity. 

We are happy to take your questions now. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Operator, we can open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann from Raymond 
James. Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Hans. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Hello. 

<A - Michael Hara>: Hi, Hans. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Hey, congratulations guys. Quick question, the GeForce 7000 motherboard GPU, what kind 
of average selling price are we talking about here, and are they consistent with the average selling prices of the AMD 
platform version? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The ASPs on the MCP73 or the GeForce 7000 is slightly higher on the Intel side. But it 
should be targeted – we're targeting that product to be in the mainstream price sensitive segment so that we can bring 
GeForce to as many people as possible. That's a rather large segment. And we think it represents about 40 million units 
of incremental opportunity for us next year. 


<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Now, is that a $50 ASP, $100 ASP? I just want to get a general sense of the magnitude. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Oh, no; it's in the teens. It's designed to be on the motherboard. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's intended to be in the teens and we wanted to be as affordable as possible so that we can 
address the largest possible market segments. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Okay, great. That's it. Thanks a lot and congratulations. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks Hans. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Heidi Poon from Thomas Weisel & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Heidi Poon>: Hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. 

<A - Michael Hara>: Yes. 

<Q - Heidi Poon>: Yes. Jen, can you describe what you expect further for notebook? I know the general trend of 
desktop to notebook transition is still there, but most of your wins have been in discrete. As AMD and Intel comes out 
with their Integrated Graphics platform, also supplying DX10, where do you think you can take your market share gain 
to next year and after that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's really hard to say what our market share will be in the future. But we have been 
competing against Integrated Graphics for quite a long time. And our ability to succeed will depend on continuing to do 
the type of things that we do well, which is come up with great ideas, like SLI and hybrid SLI, and bring value to the 
marketplace like we do with GeForce and Quadro. And so, we are going to continue to do those things. And if we do 
our jobs well, we should continue to grow. And if we don't, then obviously the competition will do better. 

<Q - Heidi Poon>: But do you think that you might have a disadvantage because of the power consumption factor? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: How is their Integrated Graphics lower at power consumption than ours? In fact, I think that 
you know probably that NVIDIA's G8X architecture is the most efficient performance-per-watt GPU in the 
marketplace today. And that explains why we are able to get our enthusiast level GPUs into a single slot with a single 
slot fan, why our fan noise is substantially lower, and obviously our measured power to be substantially lower. That's 
something you could do with architecture. That's something you could do with innovative circuit design techniques and 
so on and so forth, and system technologies to manage it at the system level. And so, there are all kinds of competitive 
capabilities for us to innovative in power. We believe we are absolutely world-class in that area. 

<Q - Heidi Poon>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Heidi. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster from JPMorgan. Please go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yes, thank you very much for taking my question. Can you give an update? I mean a lot of 
folks, especially investors in the PC chip-related companies are concerned on linearity, risk of double ordering, of 
things being too good for too long. Can you guys share with us some of your thoughts? I think Marv, you had some 
comments on linearity. Maybe you could talk about order of linearity as the quarter progressed, how your backlog 


looks, and any risk that you can tell in terms of double ordering. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Our Q3 was one of the most linear that we've ever had. The strength that we saw in orders in 
Q2 continued straight through Q3. And so if you wanted to look at a backlog, we are not a backlog focused type 
company, but there was no change. The orders and the shipments were ratable above all the way through. Obviously, 
you are always concerned about is there any double ordering going on. But we don't see any evidence of that. 
Jen-Hsun, do you want to comment? 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Shawn, the way I would I think through that problem is first of all, we don't know what we 
don't know. Obviously, nobody does. And the marketplace is rather robust, and I think it's rather robust for us for a 
variety of reasons. I think first of all is new products always helps and the 8800 GT is arguably the best product that 
NVIDIA has built in five years. And that's what everybody is telling us. That's how we feel about it. And we have very, 
very big hopes for it. We have MCP73, which is our first product of that category and bringing GeForce to the Intel 
motherboard is pretty exciting stuff and the early adoption has been wonderful. Both of those products we just can't 
make enough of. And there are good reasons for their growth. 

I think overall, the GPU dynamic is pretty clear now that PC games, online games is one of the fastest growing 
application sectors. Vista is doing well; Leopard is amazing. It's just there are more and more applications that in 
combination with a GPU is just a better experience. And then, we have new innovations like Tesla and CUDA. And 
there is a very logical reason why there is industrial growth in design. When we globalize the China and India and other 
Eastern European countries and we collaborate across the network and we design 24 hours a day, it makes perfect sense 
that you would need compatible workstations all over the world. And simultaneously, some of these economies are no 
longer just manufacturing economies, but they are moving into design companies. 

And so, as you know, China is moving very, very quickly up the food chain, and more and more unique designs are 
coming out of China. We will need to have new workstations for that. And so, I think if you combine whether it's new 
products that we are entering, we are introducing in the market that we serve today, the importance of the GPU, new 
industry growth from workstations, or a new disruptive technology that we created with Tesla and CUDA, those are all 
just – those are all important reasons why we are growing. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Well, thank you. Then, you guys mentioned that you had a couple areas that were still 
tight from a capacity perspective. Could you share with us what areas those are? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Jen-Hsun just mentioned a couple of them. MCP73 and some of our GeForce 8 products were 
capacity limited or part production limited in the quarter. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Hi, guys; thanks very much. I just wanted to get a better sense, Jen-Hsun, on your Q4 
guidance. How much of that is based on your expectations for further share gains versus the end market growth or other 
factors such as potentially ASP increases? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't count on share growth. That happens after you're done counting it. And so unless 
it's a design win or whatever it is that we know, we don't typically count on share growth. And so we count – we look at 
the strategic position of our products. We look at the new products that we are introducing; and therefore, we've got 
some confidence on its pricing power. We count on new markets that we are entering, opening up. And so we count on 


a variety of things. And of course, OEM design wins are OEM design wins, but otherwise, we try not to be too bullish 
on market share wins. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Simona, we also... 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay. So it sounds like... 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We also don't anticipate any changes in ASPs in the various market segments. That's not 
ending growth. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay. So it sounds like a lot of it is just the end markets continue to be very robust. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yes. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And we are entering new markets. We are creating new products for existing markets as well. 
And so those are – when somebody – when we start to ship Tesla, that's a product that's one of – it's the first of its kind. 
And it adds so much value that and the people that buy it initially are people who are desperate to have more computing 
resources. Products like the 8800 GT, it's in the existing market that we serve, but it's very disruptive because of its 
price performance is just so terrific and it really promotes very, very quick adoption and oftentimes it even encourages 
pretty broad based upgrades. And you know that there is a whole bunch of games coming out this Christmas with 
DX10 and the games look really terrific. So there are just a lot of reasons why the GPU is doing well. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Sure, I appreciate that color. Just one other question that's somewhat related. Jen-Hsun, 
when you mentioned that you think the motherboard GPU is an incremental 40 million unit opportunity, these products 
seem to be competing very effectively against the low end of the discrete GPU market and seem to have a significantly 
lower price point. So do you view this as an incremental opportunity or do you view this to some extent as a 
substitution of some of the existing stack of the product? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well the GeForce 7000 really isn't high performance enough to be a replacement for even our 
entry level GPU. And our discrete GPU has as I think one of the data points that Marv just mentioned, our discrete 
GPU will be vastly converted to DX10 very, very shortly. And so this is really targeting the segment that's underneath 
it, the 60% of the marketplace that we don't really serve today. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Sure. That's very helpful, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Simona. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Gurinder Kalra with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on the GeForce 8800 GT. It's a great 
product. But do you think there is any chance it might be cannibalizing some of the very higher priced products? And 
given that it's priced around 200 to 249, but on 65-nanometer, how does it affect your gross margins going forward? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We always try to be thoughtful about how our products can cannibalize our own products. 
But I think we understand this market pretty well. And if it's possible to cannibalize our products, I would rather do it 
myself than wait around for somebody else to come and do it. And so I am not too worried about that. But I mean that's 
just really the nature of our business. And we have to stay aggressive. We want to stay aggressive, and we want to 
bring as much as we can to the market. And so, I am not inclined really to slow down because it somehow protects my 
own business. My own business, we will have to figure out a way to deal with my own business. And so that's our 
strategy there, nice and simple. But I think our high-end products will continue to be best of its kind, best of its class. 
And I think the market will be fine. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Gurinder, as far as margins go, the margins on the 8800 GT are excellent, well above 
corporate margins. 


<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Very good, thanks. Just a follow-up question on the general purpose GPU/Tesla, can you 
discuss some of the traction or the design wins you are seeing in the financial services industry and the headway you 
have made there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: What was the question? I am sorry. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Traction for Tesla in the financial services markets. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There is a lot of development going on using GPU computing for computational finance. As 
you guys know, your industry has some of the brightest mathematicians in the world and the amount of computation 
you guys need is completely unbounded. You just don't seem to be able to get a large enough server or enough of them. 
And we have demonstrated that GPU can be used to accelerate financial – computational finance by 10 times, 20 times 
and several applications 50 to 100 times. And that's a very, very large step up in performance improvement. And so, 
there is a quite a bit of development in that area. It's happening all over the world. It's happening in London. It's 
happening New York. This is an area that I think is going to be pretty interesting for GPU computing. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Got it. Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Michael McConnell from Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thanks. On the G92 or the 8800 GT, when are you expecting crossover on that relative to 
the 8800 GTS? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Crossover? Let me... 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Just when will be the majority of shipments in the midrange category or performance 
mainstream? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay, let me explain this way. I think this will do it, Michael. We will ship more 8800 GTs 
this quarter than we shipped last quarter of 8800 GTS. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: So, this will be... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And we a shipped a lot of – go ahead. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: I'm sorry to interrupt. This will be, would you say that this is your probably most 
aggressive ramp in history maybe of a product? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: This is one of our most aggressive ramps, and the reason for that is because it's such a great 
product. We have a really rich backlog of orders for 8800 GT. And although the market now knows what the 
competition has and our customers know what the competition has and they are voting with their orders. And we are 
going to be very, very aggressive with 8800 GT. It's such a great product. 

Five years ago we had the 4200 Ti – Ti4200 and the market called it the perfect GPU and the reason for that was 
because it was a brand new architecture. It was extremely high performance, and it was very affordable. It was 199, and 
it lit that segment on fire. And it was – we couldn't build enough of that 4200 for a very long time. So we think we've 
got another 4200 on our hands, and certainly the market has effectively called it that. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: And then I guess I know it's tough to predict market share. I mean you guys have 
obviously dominated the segment in the high end. I mean can you talk about just the basis for having such an 
aggressive ramp? I mean, do you really feel like you take more market share or is this just you're ramping in 
accordance to the demand out there, which is quite strong? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There is always competition in our space. The GPU industry is one of the most vibrant 
industries, and the reason for that has to do with the fact that Moore's Law is still GPU's friend or GPU is still Moore's 
Law friend that this is one of the few technology segments left where more transistors and new algorithms and new 
technology could enable better experiences. Almost all of the other semiconductor sectors are seeing smaller die sizes 
every year and lower ASPs every year, but not the case with the GPU. And so I expect this to be an area of quite a bit 
of vibrance for a decade to come. 

In terms of how quickly we ramp, that's just the way we do things. I mean we need to bring out new architectures and 
we need to bring it out as broadly as we can because as soon as we launch one unit of 8800 GT, everybody in the world 
is going to want it. And so you might as well assume that you are building for everybody in the world. And so that's the 
approach that we take. And we want to stay aggressive as a company. That's just our nature. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Right, and then a final question just on the GeForce7 series chipsets for Intel's platform. 
Can you talk about the early traction you are seeing both at OEMs and then maybe separately in the channel and just 
how that's progressing in the outlook if you have one for next year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're are expecting to be very successful with OEMs as well as the channel and so it's 
designed to NVIDIA's brand and the quality of our technology and the rich support that we offer in drivers. As the 
industry gets more complex with DX10s and OpenGLs and high definition videos and all of these different 
applications, our software capability becomes an increasing advantage. Just because it's integrated on the motherboard 
doesn't mean that software isn't complex. And that's an area that we're extremely good at and so my sense is that we 
will be very successful in both OEMs and the channel and you will see it soon. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Okay, and Marv, have you guys thrown out just a target for next year within that business 
or just quantified what the opportunity could be for next year? I don't know if you have or not, or you have not. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, we have not. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Would you care to or... 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: I believe it's a significant growth driver next year, but no, we haven't quantified it. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Tayyib Shah with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Hi guys, congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you, Tayyib. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Jen-Hsun, the notebook market has been doing very well lately, but maybe partly at the expense 
of desktop segment where you have higher exposure. Can you help us understand how desktop replacement by 
notebooks is likely to affect your business going forward now that you already have 70% plus share in notebooks? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The notebook market is certainly doing very well. And I expect that one of the areas where 
the notebook market is just starting to see growth but it will see a lot more growth in the coming years is the gaming 
notebooks segment and the mobile workstation segment. These two segments are growing very quickly, and I expect 
that we will be able to add a lot of value to those two platforms in the future. 

We are not too hung up about where people buy our GPUs. We are delighted by the proliferation of platforms. And 
whereas people typically tend to have one or two PCs, desktop PCs in their house, they may have four and in my case 
eight laptops at home. So, it's a little bit like a cell phone I guess. And you just buy a whole bunch of them over time. 


And so, I think that the notebook market is not completely a replacement market frankly. I think that a lot of it is an 
additive market. And certainly it has exceeded most people's expectations. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Okay, another question along the same lines. As your footprint within the notebook market has 
grown, have you been finding this market more competitive than your discrete GPU business given that in this 
business, Intel can bundle their chipsets with their CPUs if they want to? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Intel is definitely a very competitive company. And we've been competing against bundling 
for I guess quite some time, both I guess whether it's price bundling or other bundling. The bottom line is we just have 
to add value. We just have to add value, and NVIDIA is not a commodity player. And we serve the marketplaces where 
we could – where visual computing is really important, if 3D matters to you. And if your work matters to you and you 
do 3D work, whether it's in design or film or medical imaging, then we could add a lot a value to you. And so, and if 
your business really depends on having a great GPU and visual computing capability, I think NVIDIA is really your 
partner. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Tayyib. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Peter Karazeris for Glen Yeung. A question just on ASPs, I was wondering if on a mix basis, your 
ASPs were able to improve in desktops and notebooks from second to third quarter. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, they were relatively flat. 

<Q>: Despite mix. And then I noticed so margins were up and you talked about I think royalties from Sony as being 
one of the drivers. But consumer revenue was up about 6%. I was wondering if you could give us any other color 
around consumer revenue and then also if you could just help us understand maybe the total impact that that had on – 
that royalties had on gross margin improvement. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, any increase in royalties is 100% gross margin. So, I would say that our royalty income 
from PS3 increased significantly from Q2 to Q3, it more than doubled. So that had an impact on our gross margins. 
Was it the driving factor, probably not, but it was one of the factors that improved gross margins. The fact that that 
increase would probably account for most of the increase in the consumer business is probably true. 

<Q>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS Investment Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Can you hear me please? 

<A - Michael Hara>: Yes, Uche, go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right, can I just get a sense of where the Professional Services business will go next quarter? I 
mean, I see your guidance and you're holding growth patterns flat. But that division is pretty critical for driving overall 
gross margin. So if you can give us some color as to what we should expect within that division next quarter; that 
would be helpful. And the second question is about your handset strategy. I understand your push on the apps processor 
direction. But do you see the lack of a baseband solution as something that could become a problem for the execution 


of that strategy? So if can you give me some color; that will be helpful; thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay, I guess on the first one, we really haven't and we don't give too much granular 
guidance at the business unit level. All I can tell you is that the Professional Solutions group is doing well and they are 
strategically very well positioned and they add a lot of value to the marketplace. Our business, some people call it the 
workstations business, what we call the Professional Solutions business, is really a combination of technology -- GPU 
technology, and a lot of software, system component technology, and expertise. We have one of the, if not my 
expectation to be the largest developer technology organization in the world. And, we help inspire and we help solve 
some of the most challenging visual computing problems in the world through that organization. And so, I expect it to 
do well. We haven't really given it much guidance. 

With respect to our application processor business, we are going to focus on the segments of the handheld marketplace 
where computing is particularly important. If you take a look at all the handhelds in the world, really with the exception 
of the iPhone, every other phone in the world wants to be a computer but has a long way to go. And this is where we 
could add a lot of value. NVIDIA is fundamentally a computer technology company. We are one of the world's largest 
computer technology companies and there are very few consumer-oriented computing platforms where we can't from 
the ground up design an entire computer for you. And so, this is an area that we could add a lot of value. We are seeing 
a lot of interest in the work that we are doing. And when I said several years ago that this is going to be the second 
personal computer revolution, and that the phone is going to become a computer first and a phone second; at the time, it 
sounded kind of odd, but I think it makes a lot of sense now. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: That's helpful, thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst from Hudson Square Research. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Thanks for taking the call; two if I might. First on the mainstream growth and maybe also the low 
end of the discrete. Obviously in the domestic market, so much enthusiasm around digital video and high-resolution 
photography with things like YouTube and digital SLRs, and so that's – and the uptake of Premium Vista. So I assume 
that that has been a lot of the growth there. But can you talk about that same market overseas, where so much more of 
the overall PC market growth is, and especially in developing countries like India and China where I assume the market 
is more price-sensitive? And then secondly, on the mobile phone business, you gave us a little bit of mapping for the 
app processor, but can you just give us a little bit of color about the current mobile phone business and how that's 
tracking relative to expectations? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay, I would say that the developing markets are being driven right now by online games, 
which is really a craze in China and India. And the online game market is really doing fabulously out there. Games are 
free, and you pay for the service and you pay as you go. And it's really a great way for them to meet their friends and 
meet people on the web. And so that's a real growth driver. Another one of course is their purchasing power in foreign 
countries are becoming quite good. And as a result they can buy up on their configurations and one of the best ways to 
improve your experience to buy up on the configuration is to add a GPU. I think those factors are quite important 
growth drivers for us internationally, irrespective of Vista. Internationally Vista is doing well everywhere. I don't think 
it's not doing well in China. I frankly think that it's doing very well in China and it will do very well in India as well. 
Any consumer will employ Vista. 

With respect to the application processors, the handheld business, we haven't shipped much applications processors. 
We haven't shipped any of our AP15 yet; so all of our current handheld business is from the existing handheld GPU 
business, which met expectations. It's not intended to grow, and it's likely to continue to decline. This quarter, I think it 
did decline but we are not expecting that business to grow because we are not out trying to get any more design wins. 


We are really focusing now on building our application processor and this is where we're going to drive the market. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: So do you see bit of an air pocket then between the current gen, the mobile GPU you have now, 
and the integrated app processor? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, not really, mainly because it's not a significant portion of our business right now. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Got it, thank you. 

<A - Michael Hara>: Thanks Daniel. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sidney Ho from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Sidney Ho>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. It's a question on gross margin. You are at 46.2% this quarter. 
And I'm not going to ask for specific guidance, but if you look forward say for the next 12 months, what are some of 
the biggest levers that can improve margins both at the gross and operating margin level? Is it more like a product mix 
between chipsets, GPU, Tesla, or between product families like the G92 or is there something else? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have not increased our gross margins by raising prices once. And the reason for that is 
because it's hard to grow while you are raising prices. And so, we remain very competitive in the marketplace. Where 
we have improved all of our gross margins is internal operational improvements. I will tell you that that I have a lot of 
work left to do. And so, there are quite of bit of internal – just the things that we can do inside, all within the walls of 
our company. We have many, many ideas on improving gross margins through better operations and better execution. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yes, Sidney, the mix will affect gross margins depending on where the growth comes from; 
but having said that, our total focus is improving gross margins on each of the business segments. And Jen-Hsun is 
right; there are lots of things that we can do better. So, I still see room for gross margin improvement in each of the 
businesses. 

<Q - Sidney Ho>: One follow-up question. For the Professional Services Group, can you tell us how did the average 
selling price do for the quarter? And also, if you can tell us how much was the contribution from Tesla during the 
quarter, which I don't expect much, that will be great, thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tesla was very little. It's just beginning to ship, so it's very little. And we are expecting it to 
be small relative to the overall size of the company in its first year. The most important thing about Tesla is targeting it 
at the type of applications where they could really use the help right away, whether it's oil and gas or imaging, medical 
imaging, or computational finance, or all kinds of applications out there that really benefit from it. Meanwhile we're 
driving CUDA, which is the programming environment into all of our GPUs so that we can bring GPU computing to 
the masses. And so both of those efforts are ongoing and I frankly think that the progress is extremely high and better 
than we had expected by far, by a lot. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: As far as the ASPs go, ASPs are in the hundreds of dollars; they're not, you know – it gets to 
be a complex mix of products there, so I'm going to just say it's hundreds of dollars. 

<Q - Sidney Ho>: Was it up from last quarter's -


<A - Marvin Burkett>: No, relatively flat. 

<Q - Sidney Ho>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Aberle from Caris & Co. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Good afternoon. Nice quarter guys. 

<A - Michael Hara>: Thanks Nick. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Question had to do with ASPs. I know we talked about ASPs here in the most recent quarter. 
You guys have done a great job over the last couple of years in improving those. What is the expectation over time for 
ASPs and I mean should we have a substantial move higher from current levels based on Tesla? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The way we think about ASPs is we have to make the GPU more valuable. The more 
programmable we make it, and the more applications that take advantage of it, the more people will spend in buying 
GPUs because it will enhance their computing experience. That trend has been moving very aggressively over the last 
couple of years, with all of the applications that I've already talked about and the growth of the gaming market and 
amazing applications like Google Earth and Microsoft's Virtual Earth 3D. These types of applications are just 
continuing to make GPU more important, and so that's our focus. My expectation is absolutely that GPU ASP will 
continue to increase and the reason for that is because I expect to make it more valuable and people will see the value 
and hopefully choose to buy a better GPU. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Perfect. Looking back over the last couple of years, you guys have refreshed the Halo product, 
the Enthusiast Desktop product about twice a year. It looks like every fall and spring. You guys just did 8800 Ultra 
back in the spring. Should we be expecting another Enthusiast refresh here before the end of the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are at the end of the year and we decided that the refresh that we'd do this time was 8800 
GT. And this is just a barn burner refresh. And so we're really, really proud of the 8800 GT and we're going to put our 
focus here. From 8800 GT, you could obviously do SLI and soon you will able to do three-way SLI. And so you're 
going to able to put a lot of GPU horsepower into your system starting with a very affordable 8800 GT and so this is 
our focus for now. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Got you. Just sneak one more question in. Intel back in September bought a small company 
called Havok. It does acceleration, physics acceleration software. I just was wondering if you guys are in the market for 
that IP. I know you guys have worked with them in past and how that maybe has an effect on the longer term 
landscape? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No current plans. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: But no commentary regarding how their purchase of Havok affects maybe their IP positioning 
relative to yours in physics acceleration? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I didn't know that was the question you asked. You asked me about my plans; I have no 
plans. All right, I don't know why they bought Havok. Physics processing has a long way to go, and there are so many 
companies out there. There are quite a few, quite a few middleware companies out there that are creating technology in 
this arena. And many gamers, many game developers incorporate their own physics engine. And so, my sense is that 
there is a lot of invention still left to do in this area. I am not sure why they bought that company to tell you the truth. It 
might give them some advantages with respect to Havok, but obviously it creates negative synergies everywhere else. 
But that's – I don't know why they did it. And so, you are asking really the wrong person. Strategically, I don't know 
that it has any real bearing on the work that we are doing. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Thanks. Good luck in Q4 guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 


Thank you. There are no more questions at this time. I will now like to turn the call back over to Jen-Hsun. Please go 
ahead. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. NVIDIA's strategy is to be the world leader in visual computing by leading the GPU revolution while 
creating innovative technologies that enable and inspire amazing applications. The GPU is increasingly central to our 
computing experience. And although hundreds of millions of users already enjoy 3D applications in UIs like Vista and 
Leopard, this is just the tip of the iceberg of the potential of the GPU. We intend to drive our growth by continuing to 
extend the GPU to more applications, more platforms, and to more people. Thank you for joining us today. We look 
forward to reporting on our results for Q4. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask 
that you please disconnect your lines. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


