Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Daniel Berenbaum 
• Hans Mosesmann 
• Glen Yeung 
• Uche Orji 
• Rajvindra Gill 
• Patrick Newton 
• Jim Schneider 
• Shawn Webster 
• David Wu 
• Suji DeSilva 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. Thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, Vice President, 
Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thank you Shannon. Good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 
ended April 26, 2009. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. 

On the call today for NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer, David White, 
NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer and Marv Burkett, Senior Advisor. Jen-Hsun is currently traveling on business in 
Europe and in conferencing in from there. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that you can find copies of our SEC filings, our earnings release, and a replay 
of this webcast on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.nvidia.com. The webcast will be available for 
replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2010. Also, shareholders 
can listen to a live webcast of today's call via the Investor Relations page of our website. 

During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures about gross margin, operating expenses, free cash 
flow, tax rate, net income or loss and net income or loss per share. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on our website. Unless 
otherwise noted, all references to research, market and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury 


Research or Jon Peddie Research. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be 
reproduced or transcribed without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, including statements of 
our financial outlook and projections; the importance, impact and benefits of our products and technologies; our 
competitive position and market share; our cash conservation efforts; and our growth objectives, innovations, and 
strategies. Our actual results may differ materially from results discussed in any forward-looking statements. For a 
complete discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to our Form 10-Q 
for the fiscal year ended in the January 25th 2009 and the reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. All forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us today 
and, as except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast 
contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of May 7, 2009. 

Consistent with the requirements under regulation FD, we'll be providing our outlook for the second quarter directly in 
the conference call and will be unable to provide significantly more information in off-line conversations or during the 
quarter. Therefore, questions around our financial expectations should be asked during this call. 

At the end of our prepared remarks, there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask 
questions, please limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow one follow-up question. 

With that, let me turn the call over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Today we reported revenue of 664.2 
million and a GAAP net loss of $0.37 per share. This included a one-time tender offer to purchase employee stock 
options that were significantly underwater. On a non-GAAP basis we had a net loss of $0.09 per share. Revenues grew 
38% over the previous quarter as we gained market share and both channels sell out and OEM inventory replenishment 
increased. During the quarter we made good progress managing operating expenses and reducing inventory. We have 
ongoing initiatives to reduce operating expenses further while continuing to invest in our invest in our strategic 
initiatives, which are, one, maintaining our GPU leadership; two, driving the GPU computing revolution; three, 
increasing the adoption of GPUs in all segments of computing; and, four, leading the mobile computing revolution. 

Our discrete desktop GPU share increased again this quarter. In the discrete desktop GPU segment we gained 6% to 
69%. Our notebook and desktop GPU share are about the same, and the desktop GPU share has exceeded our previous 
record levels achieved during Q1 of 2008. In addition to graphics leadership, our strategy is to lead the industry to the 
next level with physics processing. With our PhysX engine and general library, which is available for PC, PS3, Xbox 
360, Wii and the iPhone, game developers can create amazing environments using PhysX simulations that are dynamic, 
realistic and interactive with the player. 

PhysX has been adopted by EA, THQ, 2K Games and, most recently, Sega. We have built up a rich pipeline of exciting 
games with PhysX support. Mirror's Edge and Sacred 2 have shipped and received rave reviews, and we anticipate the 
release of Terminator Salvation, Dark Void, Darkest of Days, Uwars and Cryostasis. Each of these titles, when run over 
the 100 million NVIDIA CUDA GPUs in the market will experience a dramatic speed up. 

PhysX processing is extremely taxing even for the highest-end CPUs. By offloading the processing to CUDA, the 
parallel computing mode of our GPUs, we can speed up PhysX processing by an astonishing five to 20 times. And it's 
clear now that PhysX processing is becoming a must-have technology, just as programmable shading has been the last 
five years. 

Utilizing the GPU for parallel computing is one of our most important strategic initiatives. We invented CUDA to 
harness the massive computational resources in a GPU that is otherwise used only for 3D graphics. 


The adoption of CUDA is now global, and GPU computing has reached the tipping point. GPU computing will be 
incorporated into the two most important operating systems in the very near future. Windows 7 with DX Compute and 
OS-X Snow Leopard with OpenCL will incorporate GPU computing into the core operating system, and the GPU will 
become indispensible to achieve a great computing experience. 

This quarter we released our first OpenCL drivers to developers who participated in our OpenCL Early Access 
Program and demonstrated DirectX Compute on Windows 7 at the Game Developers Conference. 

There is a growing list of consumer applications that are accelerated by CUDA. I spoke about PhysX processing that 
will be in nearly every game. This quarter MotionDSP vReveal, ArcSoft's SimHD, Cyberlink's Espresso, Nero Move It, 
and Super LoiLoScope announced support for CUDA. CUDA has opened up the high performance computing market 
to our GPUs. We serve this multi-billion dollar new growth market with a product line called Tesla. This is a greenfield 
market for us and our three-year effort has given us a significant lead to the competition. We have traction in virtually 
every major high performance computing category from finance to oil and gas to medical imaging to supercomputing 
centers. We have significant projects throughout the U.S., Asia, Canada, Brazil, Australia, Europe, Eastern Europe and 
India. Success stories are surfacing from all over the world. 

This quarter in China, GeoStar is transforming the search for oil and gas using Tesla. Working with the Institute of 
Geology and Geophysics at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, GeoStar has demonstrated its solution running 600 
times faster than what was previously possible with a CPU-based cluster. 

French banking giant BNP Paribas corporate and investment banking division recently replaced 500 CPU cores with 
just eight Tesla GPUs. They sped up response times by 15x, while consuming less than one-tenth the power. BNP 
Paribas effectively reduced the energy consumption of performing the same calculation by nearly 200 times. 

Increasing computation throughput while reducing cost and energy consumption has become a mission critical 
imperative for nearly every company. 

We announced this week the Tesla GPU Preconfigured Cluster, which increases the accessibility of supercomputing 
clusters to the millions of engineers, scientists and researchers around the world. The Tesla Preconfigured Cluster is a 
ready-to-install supercomputer that is available from a network of certified Tesla VARs including Cray, Penguin, 
Appro, Colfax, James River, and many others around the world. 

We believe a GPU can dramatically enhance the performance of a PC of any budget. We created ION to bring the 
benefits of the GPU to the smallest and most affordable PCs. The recently announced ACER AspireRevo is a full Vista 
Premium PC available at the price of a basic entry-level machine. Yet it provides everything the mainstream consumer 
wants from a PC including very high quality Blu-Ray playback and modern DX 10 games. Because of the ultra high 
integration and low power of ION, ACER was able to create a small, quiet, provocative industrial design that is light 
enough to hang on the back of your display. Last week, the first 5,000 Revos delivered to Germany e-tail sold out in 
one day. The AspireRevo has been winning rave reviews. Digital Trends predicted that it should be one of the most 
successful desktop products released this year. 

ION has forever changed what consumers can expect from a mainstream PC. Even affordable and small PCs can be 
wonderful and deliver the full PC experience. More ION-based platforms will be available from virtually every major 
PC OEM. We can expect to hear a great deal in the months ahead about the many ION design wins. 

At the World Mobile conference in February, we revealed our Tegra Netbook. At less than 1 watt of power, Tegra can 
surf the web and present the full high-resolution experience to the Internet. With Tegra, we are enabling a new class of 
web-based computers that is high-resolution like a PC yet always on like a smart phone. We now have Tegra design 
wins that range from portable media players, smart phones, netbooks and other new classes of mobile Internet devices. 
Research from iSuppli projects shipments of Internet-enabled devices ranging from ultra-mobile PCs to portable media 
players to increase nine-fold in the next four years. 

More than 400 million of these devices will be shipped in 2012, an annual compound growth rate of better than 50%. 
We look forward to announcing exciting Tegra devices in the coming months. Our nearly four-year investment in 


Tegra has positioned us squarely at the center of the next computing revolution. We estimate that Tegra has opened up 
an additional $10 billion growth market for us. 

Now let me introduce David White, who succeeded Mark Burkett earlier this year as CFO. David brings 25 years of 
experience to the role, most recently as CFO of Sanmina SCI. He is already making a big impact here. I want to take 
this opportunity to thank Mark for his enormous contributions to NVIDIA over the past six years. Mark leaves a legacy 
that he can be very proud of. He's continuing in an advisory role, working with David and me to facilitate a smooth 
transition and taking on projects that can benefit from his expertise. 

With that, let me turn the call over to David. 

David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jen-Hsun. My comments today will focus on a review of our first quarter results of operations, both on a 
GAAP and a non-GAAP basis along with a discussion of selected balance sheet accounts and cash flows. I will then 
conclude with comments regarding our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal year 2010. 

As Jen-Hsun indicated in his opening comments, revenue for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 was $664 million, which 
was up 38% from $481 million in the prior quarter and significantly higher than our estimate, which was flat to slightly 
up. 

We reported a GAAP net loss of approximately $201 million or $0.37 per share. Our GAAP net loss included a 
one-time charge of $140 million associated with a cash tender offer we previously announced to purchase certain 
employee stock options. This compares to a GAAP net loss of $0.27 per share in the prior quarter. Excluding the stock 
option tender offer as well as other stock-based compensation, we reported a non-GAAP net loss for the quarter of $47 
million or a net loss of $0.09 per share. This compares with an $0.18 non-GAAP net loss per share in the prior quarter. 

Let me now turn to our individual businesses. Our GPU business, which includes desktop, notebook and memory 
represented 53% of our total revenue and recorded a 44% revenue increase quarter-over-quarter. Much of this increase 
was driven by the strength of the Desktop segment, which was up almost 50% quarter-over-quarter. You'll recall that 
last quarter's revenue in this segment was negatively impacted by low sell into the channel as our channel partners 
worked to aggressively deplete excess inventories. 

Channel inventories now appear to have stabilized at slightly over one month's supply with our Q1 sales into the 
channel roughly approximating channel sales out. As such, our desktop revenue figures in Q1 more closely 
approximated true end market demand than what we experienced in Q4. 

The notebook segment of our GPU business was up 28% quarter-over-quarter, driven primarily by increased OEM 
demand, which comprised the vast majority of this segment. Here also, fourth quarter revenues were abnormally 
impacted by OEM inventory corrections that have now abated. 

Our MCP business, which represented 28% of our total revenue during the quarter, was up approximately 94% 
quarter-over-quarter. Demand was primarily driven by our chipset products designed for the mainstream AMD 
integrated desktop segment as well as our chipset products designed for the Intel-based notebook segment. 

Revenue for our PSB business, which includes workstation graphics and computing, was essentially flat 
quarter-over-quarter and represented 16% of total revenue. Our share in this segment remains stable. Corporate 
demand, which comprises a substantial percentage of this business, has not shown any signs of economic recovery at 
this point. This reflects constrained budgets and consumer redeployment and upgrade activity of older equipment. 

Looking at the business as a whole, GAAP gross margin for the first quarter was 28.6%. Excluding charges associated 
with a stock option tender offer as well as other stock-based compensation, non-GAAP gross margin was 30.6%. Our 
non-GAAP gross margin, which fell short of expectations and estimates, was impacted by several items. 


First, while revenue in our PSB business was flat quarter-over-quarter, as a percentage of total company revenue it 
accounted for less of the total. Because our PSB business is generally more profitable than the rest of our business, this 
had an overall negative impact of approximately four points on gross margin. 

Second, gross margin was also negatively impacted by the sell-off of some of our older 65-nanometer product, the 
effect of which was only partially offset by various reserve true-ups. 

GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter were $421 million. Non-GAAP operating expenses, which again 
excluded charges associated with the stock option tender offer, as well as other stock-based compensation, amounted to 
$260 million, essentially flat quarter-over-quarter and consistent with our estimate. 

Payroll-related expenses were up quarter-over-quarter due to the holiday shutdown in the fourth quarter and additional 
FICA-based payroll taxes we accrued in the first quarter. However, this increase was largely offset by cost reduction 
efforts that we realized elsewhere. 

Our GAAP tax rate for the first quarter was a benefit of 10.4%, and our non-GAAP tax rate was a benefit of 7.5%. 
NVIDIA's worldwide employment at the end of the quarter stood at 5,480, up 60 from the fourth quarter. We 
essentially have a hiring freeze in the U.S. with only the most critical positions being filled. 

Turning to the balance sheet, accounts receivable at the end of the quarter were $304 million, which equated to a DSO 
of approximately 42 days, an improvement of approximately 18 days from the prior quarter. Inventories at the end of 
the quarter were $327 million, down $211 million or 39% quarter-over-quarter. Inventory days at quarter end were 64. 
This compares with 145 days at the end of the prior quarter. These reductions resulted from rescheduling actions we 
took in response to our high inventory carryover from Q4 as well as early implementation of the staging of inventories 
at a pre-finished state just prior to custom configuration. We believe this latter change is important to us because it will 
enable us to better respond to changing market demand while at the same time maintaining lower overall inventory 
levels. 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the first quarter amounted to approximately $51 million, slightly up from 
$48 million in the fourth quarter. Capital expenditures for the quarter amounted to $21 million, which, as a result of our 
cost reduction efforts, was significantly down from the 43 million we spent in the prior quarter. 

Accounts payable at the end of the quarter were $226 million, up approximately $7 million from the prior quarter, and 
our free cash flow for the first quarter was a positive $121 million. 

Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities at the end of the quarter were approximately $1.34 billion, up 
approximately $83 million quarter-over-quarter. This figure is significant considering we paid out approximately $82 
million associated with the stock-option tender offer we completed in March. 

In closing, let me briefly comment on our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2010. While it is particularly difficult 
during these economic times to place a high degree of certainty in market demand and the pricing environment we 
compete in, our outlook for the second quarter is as follows. We expect revenue to be up quarter-over-quarter in the 
range of 5%. As for gross margin, while we are not expecting any near-term improvement in demand in the workstation 
market, we do believe cost reduction efforts will allow us to improve margins. Accordingly, we expect our GAAP 
margins to be in the range of 32 to 34%. 

We expect GAAP operating expenses to be in the range of $280 million. We estimate stock-based compensation 
expense in the second quarter to be $25 million and depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures to be 
approximately flat when compared to the first quarter. Basic shares for the second quarter are expected to be about 548 
million. 

This concludes my remarks and I thank you for your time. And with that I'd like to open the call up for questions. 
Operator, can we take questions at this point? 

Q&A 


Operator 

Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga SA. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Hi, good afternoon guys. Can we talk a little bit more about the inventory? Can you talk – 
can you give us a little more detail about were there any inventory write-downs and did you sell through any – or you 
mentioned you sold through some previously reserved inventory. Can you quantify a little better what the write-offs 
were, how much of the reserves that there were that you sold through with essentially zero cost, and how much still had 
some cost associated with it? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah Daniel, this is David. We have, 
actually, a couple of situations. We have inventory that we completely wrote off in a prior period. We also have 
inventories that we wrote down to market value. Some of those inventories in both categories were sold during the 
quarter, some of which we had gains on, some of which we had losses on. It turns out that the losses we experienced on 
the sale of that inventory plus some of the other products actually offset that by a greater amount. And so on a net basis 
it was actually a negative impact to the quarter. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: And was that basically because you – of the amount that you had written down, you hadn't 
written it down enough? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct, in some cases. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: In some cases? Did that then trigger any other accounting accruals on the balance sheet, is 
that part of what explained the inventory and the Easter drop as well? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And there was also a modest amount of 
new lower cost to market accruals as well. On a net basis, it was negative, as I indicated. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay. Thanks, that makes sense. And then when you talk about the gross margin 
improvement going into the next quarter, how much of – and number one, do you expect any additional inventory 
write-downs or do you expect to sell through any inventory that's previously been reserved for? And then can you help 
quantify a little bit further what that improvement is coming from? Is it just mix shift back to PSB, or is it mix shift 
within GPU as well? Perhaps some of the newer products like the 40-nanometer products? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So in the outlook for the second quarter, 
we'll repeat much, I think, of the same scenario we had in the first quarter. We'll continue to sell off some inventory 
that we've written off, and we'll continue to sell some inventory that we've written down to lower cost to market. Right 
now, I would anticipate that the net effect of those two would be roughly a wash. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay. And then, what kind of improvement in gross margin do you expect from the mix 
shift to not just the Professional Solutions business, but also from the newer products – the newer GPU products, I 
mean? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Clearly... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: David? Obviously, we are ramping 40-nanometer 
very aggressively. But we haven't announced any new products yet. And so it's not appropriate to talk about new 
products right now. 

In terms of next quarter's gross margins, obviously we have consumed a lot more of our 65-nanometer inventory this 
quarter. And I think that the amount of our 65-nanometer inventory at this point is quite negligible. And so that is going 
to help our gross margins going forward. 

Those are the biggest levers, and we are looking forward to having the PSB business coming back online as the 
enterprise starts to buy again. We have really exciting new products for Quadro that we've launched and that the OEMs 


have already geared up. And so, as soon as the end market comes back to life, I think that the workstation business is 
going to do really well for us once again. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, thanks a lot Daniel. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann, with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Thanks. Jen-Hsun, on the 40-nanometer, since you brought it up – I know you're not going 
to talk about new products that are not announced, but can you give us an update on how the ramp is going relative to 
previous process nodes and in terms of the ramp, the volumes? And can you give us an update, what percentage of the 
mix by the end of the year could be coming from that process node? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Let's see, the ramp is going fine. It's during the – 
we are ramping 40-nanometer probably harder than anybody. And so we have three products in line now in 
40-nanometer, and more going shortly. So this is a very important node. TSMC is working very hard. We have a vast 
majority of their line cranking right now with new products. And so we're monitoring yields, and they're improving 
nicely week-to-week-to-week. And so at this point there's really not much to report. 

In terms of the mix towards the end of the year, let's see, I haven't – my rough math would suggest about 25%, is my 
guess. There are still going to be a lot of 55-nanometer products. A lot of our MCP products – ION, for example, is still 
based on 55-nanometer. And ION is going to be running pretty hard. I think you heard in David's comments earlier that 
our Intel chipset product line is our fastest-growing business, and so my sense is that that's going to continue to be 
successful, and that's still in 55-nanometer. So I would say roughly 25 to 30% is my rough estimate, going into the end 
of the year. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Could you just clarify again your OpEx guidance for the July quarter? Because I think I heard that 
it's going to be up Q-on Q, and I just wanted to make sure I heard that right. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's not up; it's about $280 million on a 
GAAP basis. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: On a GAAP basis. And what would it be on a pro forma basis? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The guidance we are giving for SBC for 
next quarter is around 25 million. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. And then can you give us a sense, David, when you look into the end of the fiscal year, for 
example, what are your thoughts about the kind of run rate of operating expenses you expect to be on at that point? Or 
really what I'm asking -- you make the point in the comments that you've got OpEx programs in place. I just wanted to 
get a sense as to maybe what those are and what the targets are for that program? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So I think in the first quarter conference 
call we talked about a stretch goal for the company of about $265 million, and we are still working aggressively to 


achieve that objective. We have a lot of programs, as Jen-Hsun talked about in his comments, that we absolutely want 
to maintain our investments in, and we feel strongly about the return we'll ultimately achieve from those investments. 
And so our cost reduction activities are trying to balance, maintaining all of the resources we can on those investments 
and still trying to spend our money as wisely as we possibly can. And so we're focusing on a lot of ways in terms of 
how we manage our expenses and where our expenses are actually incurred and trying to influence them in ways that 
won't affect those programs. So I think the $265 million target is still intact, and I assume we'll achieve that some time 
in the next – certainly, before the end of the calendar year and our fiscal year. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. One last one maybe for Jen-Hsun. Maybe talk about the pricing environment that you're 
seeing out there. Obviously, we're in a unique demand environment here. Any sense that you're seeing anything unique 
on pricing as a result? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Pricing, I would characterize as aggressive. But 
we're at a point now with the pricing where we think that we're going to be relatively stable for some time. And our 
products gain a premium in the marketplace relative to the competition because of the reputation of our products and 
the performance of our product. And increasingly, the work that we do around PhysX and CUDA is being recognized 
as important. And I commented earlier the number of games that are coming out with PhysX in the games are – it's 
coming out in a really rich pipeline now, and we are seeing game titles coming out on a regular basis now with PhysX 
included. 

And when you compare a game with PhysX in it running on CUDA to one that's running on the CPU, the difference is 
so substantial that our GPU is just superior on so many different fronts. And so I think that we're going to leave our 
positioning in the marketplace with a premium to our products because it's a superior product, and I think the market is 
recognizing that. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Uche Orji with UBS Investment Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Maybe Jen-Hsun, anyone can answer. Can I please ask you about how the 
quarter progressed? Because if I look at the DSO, it seems to have dropped off quite sharply. So can you just give me a 
sense of how, month-by-month, the quarter progressed in terms of demand? Because looking at this one made me 
conclude that it looks like demand tailed off toward the end of the quarter. Is that the right conclusion? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Actually, it didn't. The quarter was a pretty solid 
quarter, I would say. In fact, we had spot shortages of several products. And there are rumors of us pushing our supply 
chain really hard to get products out into the marketplace, and all of that is true. And we came into the quarter looking 
pretty good. So I think our – the market is still uncertain, and we monitor sellout in every single geography for every 
single product like crazy these days. And so we'll continue to watch it. But so far, so good. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Just maybe going back to the margin, I think in the very first question you were explaining that the 
impact of the inventory, products that were sold that had been reserved, was negative. So what is the clean gross 
margin? So if I work off 30.6 and if I had to make adjustments for this inventory that was reserved and sold and had a 
negative impact, I'm trying to get a sense of what then is a clean gross margin for the quarter that just ended? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I guess it depends on what your 
definition of clean is, I guess. Probably the single largest item that impacted margins in the quarter really is the fact that 
our workstation business, our PSB business as we call it, was a smaller mix – percentage of the total mix. And as I 
indicated in my comments that's about a four-point hit on margins. And it overwhelms, actually, the other factors. It is 
the single largest item. And as we gave our guidance, we're not anticipating at this point that's going to change anytime 


soon. So if you wanted to find a clean quarter, as our workstation business being back at the historical levels it's been, 
you could add four points to margin. I think the other items that I indicated are of much smaller consequence. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. And just last question, on the workstation business, obviously, watching the end markets 
distort into – looks like things will look pretty challenged for some time. Let me ask you about competition in this 
market. We've seen some of AMD's products getting designed into some HP workstations. Are you starting to notice 
any signs of improved competition? Are these products getting any traction that may affect your longer-term market 
share in this area? My last question. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We're frankly not seeing competitive pressure in 
our workstation business. I think the competition has repeatedly claimed design wins in the workstation business for 
years now. And this is just not a chip business. This is a chip and system solution, system software. It's a complicated 
business and you are building products that need to not only be great at Windows, but Linux and just about every 
ancient operating system on the planet. And so it's a very, very complicated business. 

And the reason why our market share is so high has a lot to do with the investment that we put into it. So this is a 
business that is about solving some of the most challenging problems in computing in the world, and we are really, 
really good at it. And so I think – we read about press releases from the competition from time to time, and we take it 
all seriously. But the fact of the matter is, it just takes a lot more investment than that to be successful. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raji Gill with Needham and Co. Please go ahead sir. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Yeah. Thank you. Quick question on the ION revenue contribution. You guys had a huge 
revenue upside in the first quarter. A lot of it was due to improving sellout demand. How much was that related to the 
ION business? And a related question, what were the gross margins on the ION business, and what were the pricing 
ASPs on the ION? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So let's see. David, what was our Intel chipset 
business this quarter? Do you have the numbers over there for the Intel chipset business? We basically only have one 
Intel-based chipset that we are shipping in any reasonable amounts, any meaningful amounts. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I don't have it broken out, Jen-Hsun, 
between the two here with me. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: What was the total? Was it about 200 million, or 
was it 180 million or so? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It was 180 million, is the total. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So I would expect about, out of then 180 million, 
about two thirds of it, maybe a little bit less than that, comes from the ION chipset. And the way to think about that is 
in Q2 of last year, one year ago, that amount was approximately zero. And so that gives you a sense for the adoption of 
our products in that segment. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Right. But are you including the 9400M that you're selling to Apple as ION, or is this actually 
two-thirds of that 180 million design wins with other companies outside of Apple that are using ION? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't distinguish the two. It's the same 
processor, from our perspective. We called the platform ION and increasingly people are calling the chip ION and so 
we don't distinguish the two, whatever people want to call it. When people buy the chipset from us, they call it ION. 


When they put it into the box and they brand it from the outside, because GeForce has such a terrific brand and 
contributes so much to the brand value of the end product, people call it GeForce. Do you see what I'm saying? 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Yes. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So people buy the ION, but they sell it as a 
GeForce. 


<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Yeah. I'm just trying to get a better understanding of what additional design wins with other PC 
manufacturers outside of Apple are you getting with ION. Like I'm trying to get on saying gaining the traction of ION 
outside of just the Apple business that was announced a few quarters back? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If you estimate that Apple represents a little bit 
north of 50% of that, then I think it's relatively correct. So the traction is good. And if you think about who the 
fastest-growing PC companies are in the world, I think that's Apple and Acer and ASUSTeK. They are all huge ION 
customers. 

<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Any sense of what the gross margins or ASPs on that platform were in this quarter? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: About or better than corporate average. 
<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: The corporate average of this quarter of 30.6% or just what you've done historically? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Better than this quarter. 
<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: All right. And then can you give us any update in terms of the GT 300 architecture or the 


next-generation architecture? Is that on schedule for the second half of '09, or do you foresee any potential roadblocks 


with that rollout? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We don't comment about future products. Our 
current products are doing very, very nicely in the marketplace. What's the point of talking about future products? 


<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Okay. And just going on in terms of the revenue guidance of up 5%, how should we be looking 
at it in terms of like individual business units? Should we be looking at normal seasonality across the different 
categories? And then should we be looking at the workstation business getting back up to like, say, 20% of total 
revenue, which has historically been in that range? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Raji, if I was modeling it out, I would assume 

workstation as flat and apply the 5% ratably to the other businesses. 
<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: So even with a flat workstation business, which carries a higher gross margin, you are still 
expecting 32, 34% of GAAP gross margin? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's correct. 
<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 
<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: What is it on a non-GAAP basis? Are you able to break that out? 
<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's not much different. SBC is like 20 


Bps, 0.2 – it's a small difference. 
<Q - Rajvindra Gill>: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you. 
<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 


Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Cody Acree with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: Hey thank you this is Patrick Newton in for Cody Acree. This question goes to Dave. I guess 
if you could speak a little bit – if we started looking out at long-term gross margin, what does it take to get us back into 
the 40% range? And I guess, is this something that you guys think is achievable in the fiscal '11 timeframe? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I guess I would throw in a couple things 
here. One is – and Jen-Hsun, you can jump in here, obviously – our business is – and margins are heavily influenced by 
our high-end performance products. And clearly, as we move forward in Tesla and Tegra and some of these other 
products that we've been talking about and we're continuing to invest in become a part of our revenue mix and so forth, 
we believe that within that time period we can be getting our margins back up into that kind of arena. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If you look at our history, there was a time when 
we had rather low gross margins. And I think it was as low as 28 points or something like that. And we've, over the 
course of about a year and a half methodically worked our gross margins back up and exceeded our record levels. I 
have every confidence that the operational initiatives that we have in place today that looked at the reasons why our 
gross margins are challenged right now and the new mix of products that we are bringing to the marketplace, and my 
full confidence that the industries will be revived and will need to buy tools for their engineers who are the hearts and 
souls of all industries, will return. And when that happens, our gross margin has every opportunity to return to its 
record levels and potentially beyond. And so those are things that we're putting in place. The teams are executing 
fabulously across the board. And if you watched us the last time relentlessly march up our gross margins, we intend to 
do exactly the same this time. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: Thank you. And then moving on – so talking about some of these new products that you guys 
just touched on, Tesla and Tegra, could you talk about what kind of revenue you saw from Tesla in this quarter and 
maybe some kind of expectation throughout the remainder of the fiscal year? And then also in regard to Tegra, if you 
could talk about if there's been any recent change in design win momentum and any expectations you have for Tegra in 
the back half of the year ramping, perhaps a target run rate exiting the fiscal year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Tesla was many millions of dollars and next quarter 
will be more, is my expectation. The traction that we're getting, designing them into clusters all over the world, as I 
mentioned in my comments, are really doing terrifically. And the national labs around the world are all benefiting from 
stimulus packages as the various governments invest in energy exploration and investing in education. And so I think 
those are all – and Tesla is just in a fine spot at the right time. And so my expectation is that Tesla is going to continue 
to do well, and we'll grow it into a rather nice business, hopefully within the next couple of years, into a business like 
Quadro, and potentially larger. 

Tegra has – we introduced a new category for Tegra at the World Mobile Conference, and this is a Tegra netbook. Prior 
to that, we only had Tegra smart phones and Tegra portable media player design wins. Those products are just reaching 
the final production, ready for final design phase and starting to ramp in production. And so I'm expecting revenues this 
quarter and growing throughout the rest of the year. But this last quarter we introduced the Tegra netbook reference 
platform, and we have many ODMs and OEMs working with us to bring Tegra netbook to the marketplace. 

The telcos have discovered that when they can give away a computer with a subscription and that computer is a couple 
of hundred dollars, they could really drive subscription rates. And so we're pretty excited about this and the telcos are 
pretty excited about it as well. With 3G data modems becoming so affordable, this is really a terrific way for them to 
increase their revenues. And the ARPU for a netbook that is high-resolution and readily accessible, so that you can 
stream high-definition video or use Facebook wherever you are. The telcos are pretty enthusiastic about the type of 
ARPUs that they'll generate from these type of devices. So I think this is going to be a new growth category for us, and 
we're working really hard to get it into production. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: And Jen-Hsun, when we think about Tegra ASPs, is it right to think of smart phones and then 
later on, maybe another $10 for mids and then some incremental, maybe $10, for netbooks on top of that? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Let's see – help me understand your algorithm 
again. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: If I think of ASPs for smart phones maybe being in the 10 to $15 range, mids being $10 more 
than that in a 25 type of range, and then netbooks a little bit more, is that the right way to think of the ASPs for Tegra? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would think of the PMPs to be very similar to 
smart phones. I think the mids are higher than that. I think your $10 is about right, and then I think netbooks on the 
high end of mids. So, I agree with that. 

<Q - Patrick Newton>: Perfect. Thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Ganna with GMP Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Yes. Thank you very much. I'm wondering about, on the Tesla platforms, how you get through or how you're 
working with potential customers to get some of the software that may be running on legacy hardware or standard 
hardware over to be Tesla-compatible or adoptable in new systems. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The vast majority of the serious computing clusters 
in the world run proprietary software; Oil and gas, proprietary; finance, proprietary. And so there is large internal 
development teams that protect these algorithms of theirs like we protect our algorithms. And so we work with each 
one of their engineering teams or development teams to port to Tesla. And the porting process is just all over the world. 
And you could go – and many of them, when they do a port, are so delighted by the results they publish a paper. And if 
you go to Google and Google the CUDA GPU or NVIDIA CUDA GPU, you're going to find just reams and reams of 
papers that show the speedups that we talked about. You can also come to CUDA Zone, do a search on CUDA Zone, 
and you'll see a whole bunch of applications that have been ported and the results that they're seeing. 

So that's one method. We also work with software developers that target the verticals, and so they could be a small 
consulting firm for computational finance. It could be a small consulting or a large consulting firm for oil and gas 
discovery. So we work with them to develop software. We'll also port the major software packages like MATLAB, and 
so there is a piece of software that has been developed for MATLAB that accelerates MATLAB some 15, 20 times and 
there are some being developed again further to accelerate even further than that. 

So we approach these applications based on what we think has the greatest potential to serve the market and also the 
greatest potential for speedup. And so we work on all of them at the same time with a rather large dev tech team, a 
developer relations team, and we're working with the software developers all over the world. And so you've just got to 
work on this one at a time. 

Now, the exciting thing about all of this is many of them were re-factoring and redeveloping their software to run on 
multi-core CPUs. And because they were so unsuccessful and frustrated by multi-core CPUs, Tesla showed up at 
exactly the right time or CUDA showed up at exactly the right time. So this is really a perfect alignment of an industry 
that's run out of choices, but still needs to see significant speedup. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Thanks. Good afternoon. I was wondering if you could start out on the notebook market a little 
bit and give us a sense of what you're seeing in that market with respect to mix of discrete and integrated GPUs and 
whether you see any shifts that would be permanent there. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, in the notebook market the discrete versus 
integrated has been relatively stable, I think. Probably about 25% of the notebooks are discrete. It might have been a 
little lower this quarter. Well, it probably is lower this quarter because of the significant growth of netbooks. And so if 
you excluded the netbooks, my sense is that discrete has probably gained relatively to integrated graphics. But let's just 
assume that it's relatively flat. 

And going forward, the interesting dynamic is – and we are anxious to see this play out, but we are starting to hear 
from all over the world that integrated graphics don't have DX Compute. DX Compute is the single most important 
new API from Windows 7, and it helps you do amazing things. If you've made a home movie and you put it on your PC 
and you wanted to do video editing and add some special effects to it and stitch a few photos and videos together and 
you want to render it back to a DVD so you can send it to grandparents, that process without GPU computing is 
horrific. I mean to make a one-hour movie it will probably take you 10 hours to record it. And so with DX Compute 
that one hour has become one hour. And so it's just a revolutionary speedup when it comes down to certain types of 
applications that are very parallel and very data-intensive, very compute-intensive. And so I think, without DX 
Compute on integrated graphics chips, the question is, how will these PCs compete? And so we're seeing a lot more 
interest in people who need to put GPUs in their notebooks and desktop computers when Windows 7 comes around. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Thanks. And maybe just as a follow-up, could you give us an update on the magnitude of 
revenues you expect from Tesla in the current fiscal year, please? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's really hard to say exactly, but if we did less than 
$50 million I'd be disappointed. And I'd be delighted if we're on a run rate of north of $100 million going out of the 
year. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Robert for Craig. Thanks for taking my question. Can you give us a better idea of what ASPs did in the 
quarter for desktops and notebooks for your chips? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: David, you probably have that over there. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Probably most of our compression on 
ASPs probably came in the GPU line of our business, in select – in some select particular models and so forth. It was a 
little bit higher this last quarter than what we've traditionally seen on some particular programs, on a 
quarter-over-quarter basis, that is. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And if you look at ASPs quarter-to-quarter, it 
surely should have increased because we gained share, and most of our -- well, almost all of our share gains came from 
the high end. So we gained about 6% share quarter-over-quarter, and so all of that is high-end share. So our ASPs 
should have gone up. 

<Q>: Going forward, do you expect your ASPs to be stable from here, I guess on the lower-and stuff? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say that ASPs are relatively stable right 
now, and we are focused on differentiating our products with PhysX and with CUDA with GPU computing. And the 
competition's products are really graphics only, and as more and more applications come out that have GPU computing 
capabilities and CUDA ports and as more and more games have PhysX, we're going to focus on differentiating that 
way. 


<Q>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yes. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. Just honing in on the gross 


margins for a second, can you clarify something? Did you say that the inventory you got in – you had an inventory 
reserve benefit in Q1? Did I hear that correctly? 
<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: What I indicated was that we had 


inventory true-ups, some of which were unfavorable, some of which were favorable, the net of which, when you netted 
that against the products that they related to and we sold, was a net unfavorable impact on the quarter. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: So it hurt gross margins? 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Correct. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, and then on the segment level, given the – if you ex out the options write-down, did 
your desktop and notebook gross margins fall sequentially? GPU? 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: What was the first part of that, though? 

So can you repeat the first part of that? 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: If you take out that $11 million charge to COGS, and you just look at your segment gross 
margins – desktop GPU, notebook GPU -


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. We don't typically look at that 
included in there, anyway. Yes, I understand what you're saying. No, they did not. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: They did not fall sequentially? 
<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Correct. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. So circling back, then, to the reserves bad news. What was the dollar magnitude of that? 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We've really not broken that out. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: I see, okay. And then as options – looking at options going forward, are they going to stay at 
the 25 million run rate? 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's about right. 
<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, and then, as far as the channel inventories, Jen-Hsun, earlier you mentioned that you 
believe that – and this is what we're all trying to figure out, is what is end demand, what is catching up with end 
demand. How do you see channel inventories right now? And as you look at your various lines of business, including 


chipsets, desktop, notebook, which do you think still has some catch-up to do, and which do you think has caught up 
with end demand? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's harder for us to tell on notebooks because we 


don't monitor sellouts on notebooks. They're OEM products. But in terms of desktop products, we know that our 
channel inventory is near all-time lows. And so we continue to have spot shortages of products here and there. And so 
my sense is that, based on what we're selling in and based on – and what is selling out and what we believe the channel 
inventory to be, the market looks relatively stable right now. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Thank you very much. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 



Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Wu with Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes. I'm afraid I need some help on understanding gross margin guidance for Q2. Since the 
workstation business is not moving up or down as a percentage of revenue, I see a significant bump in your gross 
margin guidance for Q2. Is that a function of the mix of 55-nanometer or any new products relative to 65-nanometer to 
give you this meaningful lift in gross margin quarter-on-quarter? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That is certainly a piece of it, yes, 
absolutely. 

<Q - David Wu>: So, that must be the biggest piece, right, because essentially we're not talking about major 
differences between workstation business and the rest of the company? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, and other cost reduction measures 
that we've taken as a company. 

<Q - David Wu>: I see, okay. The other thing I was wondering is, if – essentially, to expect a nice recovery in the 
Professional Solutions business, I guess just look to IT spending? Is that the way to look at it? If we have an IT 
spending recovery in the second half of this calendar year, then the highest gross margin business would come back? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that's not a bad surrogate. But we also have 
to think along the lines of creating new products that can save our customers money. We demonstrated at the National 
Association of Broadcasters the world's first digital-in graphics composite or digital-out product, and we call it Quadro 
DVP, digital video pipeline. And it's the first of its kind ever built, and it replaces quite a large amount of servers and 
switches and video mixers. And the reception has been just fabulous. And so what we need to do is get it into 
production. As you know, more and more of the broadcasters are streaming off on the web. And this product is 
designed to be able to record in real time and composite in real-time and stream it real time on the web. And so that's a 
growth market. 

And so we think that there are opportunities for us to innovate our way out of this, even if the IT spending doesn't come 
back in the near future. And so we have all kinds of ideas that we're working on. You've been following us a long time 
and we're a pretty relentless bunch of guys, and we have lots of good ideas. And in spite of challenges, there are always 
ways to grow. You look at ION; it's our fastest-growing business because we've tapped into a movement towards 
low-end, mass mainstream computing. You saw that we're gaining share. You saw that we're creating new products like 
Tesla and Tegra, both of which saves money. So we can find new ways to grow even if the economy is challenged. 

<Q - David Wu>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Suji DeSilva with Kaufman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Good afternoon guys, nice job on the quarter and inventories there. In the 5% sequential guidance, 
is that the linearity you are expecting that similar to typical years or is this year any different now? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Traditionally, our July quarter is 
seasonally the weaker quarter of the year, one of the weakest quarters of the year. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: I meant the linearity month-to-month. 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: In terms of the second quarter or the 
first quarter? 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Correct; no, the coming quarter. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think the second quarter will be pretty 
close to the same linearity we had in the first quarter, which was better than average. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Okay. And then, as we look at the consumer ultra-low voltage, the ULV opportunity, is that 
neutral for you guys, Jen-Hsun, or do you think that's an opportunity in terms of your content? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That's neutral for us because we don't participate in 
the midrange of notebooks, anyhow. If you look at our historical notebook participation, we have been only on the top 
third of the market. And the bottom two thirds of the market has been integrated for just about forever. We entered into 
the low-end part of the marketplace recently with MCP 79 or ION and so we're taking share in the mainstream and the 
low-end part of the market. What's exciting to me is, come Windows 7 and come – when DX Compute comes out, the 
difference between a computer that has DX Compute accelerated by a GPU versus one that does not, it's not a 10, 15%, 
it's 10, 20, 30 times. I just don't know how – and it's not for games. It's for making movies for your grandparents. And 
we know that one of the fastest-growing consumer products right now is the flip video camera, video camcorder and 
the Sony Webbie. Those things are selling like hotcakes, and they are HD camcorders. People are making home 
movies, and they want to create a home movie and post it on the web or burn a DVD. 

So I think finally, it's possible to do video editing because of DX Compute and because of the GPU underneath it that's 
not excruciating. It's a delightful experience. And one of these days, if you get a chance to drop by, we'll just show you 
how to do it. It's just incredibly easy. When you can move a video file around and store it the way that you save files, it 
changes everything. This is going to be one of the major usage models for Windows 7, so we're excited about that. And 
I think that all computers – and I made this comment in my remarks that we believe and certainly I believe that every 
computer will benefit with GPUs in it. It will reduce the power. 

One of the most – if you read reviews of the MacBook Air, that has a rather large GPU, a GeForce 9400, in an 
ultra-thin and light computer. And the power is better than it was before with Intel integrated graphics. People remark 
about that all over the web and so it's because GPUs, using the right tool to do the right job, saves power. And when 
BNP Paribas and others discover that by using the GPU, you can save 200 times the energy because you run a process 
faster and it consumes less power, you save a lot of energy. And energy consumption comes right out of the battery. 
And so I think that more and more people are just starting to discover that adding another processor that does the right 
job, using the right tool for the right jobs, it really saves power, it really saves energy. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Great. That's helpful color and one last question if I can squeeze it in. Jen-Hsun, in terms of Tegra 
versus ION, which one do you think has the larger unit TAM? I'm assuming – I think it's Tegra, but confirm that. And 
which one do you think will have more units in the marketplace in, say, two to three years, Tegra or ION? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, gosh, Tegra. Tegra – of all the products in our 
Company, Tegra has, long-term, the largest TAM. And the number of... 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: In two or three years, you believe there will be more Tegras out there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I think, in two or three years – yes, surely, 
surely. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I think the – Tegra is – we have been 
investing in Tegra now for about four years, and we have one of our best teams in the company working on this. 
There's 500 people working on Tegra. And to build a computer completely from scratch that fits on the size of a penny 
and deliver a full high-definition experience, consume less than 1 watt, is just – when you see it, it's just absolutely 
magical. And it's possible to do that, and we're just blowing people away when we show it to them. I really believe this 


is the second personal computer revolution. This is -- we happen to be fortunate to have, in our careers, experienced 
two computing revolutions. This is it. We want to be all over it. So this is an exciting time for Tegra. 

<Q - Suji DeSilva>: Great. Thanks for the color. Good luck guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Thanks. 

Operator 

There are no more questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Jen-Hsun. Please go ahead. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to reporting our progress in Q2. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you very much for your participation and 
we ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a lovely afternoon, everyone. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


