Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, NVIDIA's Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin your conference. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the third fiscal quarter ended October 29, 
2006. On the call today for NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer and Marv 
Burkett, NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we begin today's call, I would like to take care of some general administrative items. Your lines have been 
placed on a listen-only mode until the question and answer segment of today's call. During this call, we will discuss 
some non-GAAP measures about net income, net income per share, and gross margin, and other line items from our 
consolidated statements of income when talking about our results. You can find the full reconciliation of these 
measures to GAAP in our financial release which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at 
www.nvidia.com. This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Please be 
aware that if you decide to ask a question, it will be included in both our live transmission as well as any future use of 
the recording. Also, shareholders can listen to a live webcast of today's call and view our financial release at the 
NVIDIA Investor Relations website. The webcast will be available for replay until the company's conference call to 
discuss its financial results for its fourth quarter fiscal 2007. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
Forward-looking statements including statements as to our fourth quarter 2007 outlook, the review of the stock options 
practices by our Audit Committee, the restatement, the use of non-GAAP measures, the benefit and impact of the 
acquisition of PortalPlayer, new and forthcoming products, our products and technologies, growth, growth drivers, 
market share, Windows Vista, PlayStation 3, design wins, strategic focus and customers and partners pertained to 
future events that are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ 
materially from results discussed in these forward-looking statements. For a complete discussion of factors that could 
effect the company's future financial results and business please refer to the company's Form 10-K and Annual Report 
for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2006, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and the reports on Form 8-K filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us today, and except 
as required by law the company assumes no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast 
contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of November 9, 2006. Consistent with the requirements 
under Regulation FD, we will be providing public guidance directly in the conference call, and will be unable to 
provide significantly more information in offline conversations or during the quarter. Therefore, questions around our 
financial expectations should be asked during this call. At the end of our remarks, there will be time for your questions. 


In order to allow more people to ask questions, please limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow 
one follow up question. 

As previously announced in June 2006 the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of NVIDIA began a review of 
the company's stock option practices based on results of an internal review voluntarily undertaken by management. The 
Audit Committee's review covers the time from the company's initial public offering in 1999 to the current fiscal year 
and as previously disclosed found instances of the use of incorrect measurement dates for certain option grants. The 
Audit Committee is being assisted by independent legal counsel and outside accounting experts. At this time, the Audit 
Committee has completed its forensic review of the option grants and is now working with company's management to 
finalize the financial impact of using incorrect measurement dates. NVIDIA will published the balance sheet as of the 
end of the third quarter and the statement of income for the nine-months ended October 29, 2006 as well as restated 
statements of income for the comparable periods of fiscal 2006 as soon as practical upon the completion of the Audit 
Committee's review. 

The company's current and former independent registered public accounting firms have not completed their review of 
their findings of the Audit Committee. Our financial results for the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2007 are not 
audited and may change as a result of the ongoing Audit Committee review. The stock option practices under review 
and related matters could also lead to potential claims and proceedings relating to such matters including litigation or 
actions by the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or other regulatory agencies. I will now hand the call over to 
Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Mike. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today, we are pleased to report record revenue of 820.6 
million for our third quarter. This is our third consecutive record quarter. Year-over-year, third quarter revenue grew 
nearly 41%. Our growth was driven by strong performance in share gains from numerous product lines. Desktop GPU, 
notebook GPU and MCP, resulting in record revenue for the quarter that is well above normal seasonal patterns. Let me 
review the highlights and achievements for each of our business units during the quarter. 

Our Desktop GPU business continued to deliver strong results in Q3. In addition to the seasonal strength of the PC 
market, we increased our Desktop GPU share 5 points to 56%. GeForce achieved 89% share of the performance 
segment. Our Desktop GPU revenue grew 13% year-over-year. With over 265 media awards worldwide in Q3 demand 
for our GeForce 7 Series GPU remained very strong even as we launched our next generation GPU. Yesterday, we 
announced GeForce 8800 to the world, held in secrecy for four years and code-named G80. This is the most ambitious 
undertaking in our history. G80 is the product of hundreds of the world's best engineers, over 1000 man years of effort 
and over $400 million to develop. G80 is a revolutionary architecture and a completely ground-up design. This is only 
the third fundamentally new architecture in our 13-year history. The last fundamentally new architecture was GeForce 
256, the now famous GeForce introduced in 1999. 

G80 is based on a unified shader architecture instead of separate vertex and pixel shading processors, G80 has 128 
stream processors operating at 1.35 gigahertz that can process either vertex or pixel shader programs. With a unified 
architecture, G80 can adapt its vast computational resources to the changing vertex or pixel shading workload from 
scene to scene. G80 is the world's first DX10 GPU. DX10 is a major new API from Microsoft Windows Vista and 
includes many new important features. One of the most exciting DX10 and G80 feature is the geometry share. By 
programming the unified shader processors of G80, designers can programmatically create, destroy and manipulate 
geometric mesh. Game designers can do amazing things by procedural geometry to programmatically generate 
landscapes, particle systems to create realistic looking smoke and clouds, displacement maps to create incredibly high 
geometric fidelity, fast environment mapping and even motion blur. 

Yesterday we also announced CUDA, a new mode of operation on GPUs where the massive computational power of 
GPU can be utilized for computation intensive applications. We envision CUDA enabling PCs to solve problems 
traditionally solved on supercomputers and custom ASICs. This breakthrough architecture is complemented by another 


first, the NVIDIA C compiler for GPUs. We envision CUDA will open a whole new field called GPU Computing, 
providing for engineers and scientists, digital content creators, tools they need to solve computation intensive problems. 
The performance of GeForce 8800 is simply awesome. A single 8800 GTX has twice the performance of our 7950 
GTX, our previous flagship GPU. In fact, 8800 GTX is faster than two 7950 GTX in SLI. GeForce 8800 GTX is also a 
breakthrough in power efficiency. Although, 8800 GTX has twice the performance and tons more features, the power is 
just a bit higher than 7950 GTX. Our focus on architectural efficiency and low power design has really paid off. The 
GeForce 8 architecture is twice the performance per watt of GeForce 7. The most exciting news about GeForce 8800 is 
that it is available in stores now and will soon be shipping from nearly every PC supplier around the world. 

Our notebook GPU business achieved a major milestone in Q3. We achieved record revenue for the third consecutive 
quarter and grew share to 52% and became the number one notebook GPU supplier for the first time in our history. 

Our notebook GPU revenue grew 47% – 46% quarter-over-quarter and over 100% year-over-year. We expect our share 
gain to continue through the year and then accelerate as we ship design wins based on Intel's Santa Rosa platform. 

The nForce MCP product line achieved record revenue for its eighth consecutive quarter. The MCP business doubled in 
revenue from the same quarter of last year and grew 33% sequentially from Q2. Mercury Research now ranks NVIDIA 
the second largest PC core-logics supplier with 17% of the total volumes and 61% of all AMD core-logic. Our AMD 
share grew 9 points and our overall share grew 5 points. Our MCP growth was driven in part by the increased adoption 
of our nForce notebook solutions by large PC manufacturers including HP, Acer, Fujitsu-Siemens, and Gateway. 
OEMs have embraced our unique strategy of offering single-chip MCPs, designed specifically to reduce space and 
power consumption. 

This week, we are also pleased to announce Dell shipping nForce products in their new AMD-based OptiPlex 740 
commercial PC. These new Dell OptiPlex products are specifically offered to large corporations who demand the 
highest quality platforms deployed with stable software drivers designed to lower support cost. One of the major 
reasons Dell selected nForce was the high level quality of our NVIDIA stable image software drivers that we developed 
as part of our NVIDIA Business Platform. NVIDIA Business Platform or NBP is the platform level commercial PC 
solution we introduced last year for smaller PC manufacturers and has been adopted by over 100 companies in North 
America, Europe, and Asia. 

This week, we are expanding our nForce products for Intel CPUs with the announcement of what many customers 
claim to be the best performance platform for Intel's Core 2 Duo and new Core 2 Quad CPUs. Our new NVIDIA's 
nForce 680i SLI MCPs delivered top performance in Intel CPUs and are designed specifically for enthusiasts with 
features as such as SLI, DualNet Gigabit Ethernet, and MediaShield RAID. A particularly exciting feature of nForce 
680i SLI is its ability to allow the most enthusiastic of PC customers to overclock their CPUs, which offer to users the 
benefit of tapping into additional CPU performance. These new nForce 680i SLI products are immediately available 
from e-tailers to retailers. 

NVIDIA's Quadro professional business had another sequential strong quarter with shipments up nearly 25% 
year-over-year. Our professional business continues to be strong in all segments; particularly with new notebook 
workstation design wins with HP and shipments for high-end workstations solutions and system products. 

In August at SIGGRAPH we launched NVIDIA Quadro Plex, an entirely new category of professional digital 
computing solutions. Any SLI ready server or workstation can now support two external Quadro Plex – Quadro Plexes 
to build an 8 GPU graphic supercomputer solution, and when clustered able to offer up to 25 times more graphics 
compute density than traditional data center solutions. We began volume shipments of Quadro Plex in September; 
acceptance is strong in key markets like simulation, medical, styling design and oil and gas. It enables thousands of 
engineers and designers to experience advanced personal visualization solutions, previously only accessible in large 
visualization centers. We also unveiled a new version of Gelato 2.1, final-frame, film-quality rendering software, which 
includes next generation features such as texture baking, enhanced raytracing performance and improved lighting 
functionality for 3D rendering. To date we've surpassed 70,000 downloads Gelato. We anticipate putting this 
technology in the hands of many users will usher in a wave of new high quality rendered content. 


Our hand-held GPU business achieved another strong quarter. We saw continued demand for DVB-H services even 
after the initial demand generated by the World Cup. Our flagship DVB-H design wins, the Samsung P910 and P920 
handsets have been adopted for further trials in Sweden and in South Africa. The launch of the first North American 
rollout of DVB-H services have publicly confirmed by Crown Castle who will launch the Modeo mobile TV services in 
New York City before the end of the calendar year. The HTC manufactured Modeo phone is powered by the NVIDIA 
GeForce 5500 GPU. 

During the quarter we began shipping our first North American market phone, the iconic Motorola Razr V3x. Our 
handheld GPU will power upcoming Motorola RAZR MAXX targeted at the international market. 

As you can see, NVIDIA has become far more than a PC graphics chip company. We are passionately focused on being 
the world's premier provider of visual computing solutions, whether it's on PCs or consoles, the most powerful image 
generators to miniaturized mobile devices. 

Let me turn the call over to Marvin to discuss our financial results in more detail. I will return in a moment to highlight 
our growth opportunities. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Jen-Hsun. Today we are reporting GAAP and non-GAAP P&Ls for both Q2 and Q3 as we do not believe the 
restatement that is in progress will have a material impact on our current fiscal 2007 P&Ls. We will not be able to 
report a balance sheet until the restatement is completed, although we will comment on select balance sheet items that 
we do not believe will be impacted by the restatement. I am going to focus most of my comments on Q3 results, but we 
have included both GAAP and non-GAAP P&L for Q2 as well. 

GAAP results for the three months ended October 29, 2006 show revenue of 820.6 million and net income of 106.5 
million or $0.27 per diluted share. This compares to revenue of 687.5 million in Q2 and net income of 86.8 million or 
$0.22 per diluted share. 

The non-GAAP statement for Q3 removes non-recurring expenses up 42.6 million net of tax, which is comprised 
primarily of stock compensation expense plus a one-time charge associated with a confidential patent licensing 
arrangement. This results in a non-GAAP P&L net income of 149 million or $0.39 per diluted share. Revenue for the 
third quarter as I said was 820.6 million; the quarter-to-quarter growth in revenue of approximately 130 million or 19% 
was composed of several business units, which grew significantly. Year-to-year growth for Q3 was 41%. Desktop GPU 
grew $49 million quarter-to-quarter with most of that growth in the mainstream and performance segments. ASPs held 
flat in all segments. We had initial shipments of GeForce 8800 but it was not a big impact to revenue. Growth in 
GeForce 7 series products accounted for almost all of the 49 million. 

As Jen-Hsun noted notebook grew 46% quarter-to-quarter and is now more than 80 million in revenue per quarter. All 
of this growth is in GeForce 7 series products. MCP continued its string of record quarters and also grew by 48 million 
quarter-to-quarter and is up by more than 100% year-to-year. Both Professional Solutions and handheld GPUs were 
slightly down in the quarter. Memory grew by 20 million quarter-to-quarter and was slightly more than 50 million. 
Consumer electronics was relatively flat quarter-to-quarter but we recognized our first royalties for PlayStation 3 even 
though it was at a very low level. 

On the gross margin side GAAP gross margin was 40.7% in the quarter including the one-time charge associated with 
licensing certain patents and the stock compensation expenses. On a non-GAAP basis, gross margin was 42.9%. The 
gross margin percentage was negatively impacted by the higher growth in the lower margin businesses such as 
memory, mainstream, desktop GPUs and MCP. Each of the individual business units continues to make progress in 
improving gross margins but the overall margins were affected by the mix. The revenue increase in memory alone 
would account for almost a full percentage point reduction in gross margin. So despite what might appear to be 
relatively flat margins, we believe we are continuing to make progress in improving gross margins. 


I will only be able to comment on selected items on the balance sheet until the restatement is completed. We do not 
believe these items will be affected by the restatement. Cash at the end of the quarter was 1.174 billion, up more than 
300 million quarter-to-quarter. Obviously this was led by profits but we also decreased both receivables and inventory. 
Accounts receivable were down by 20 million and inventory was down by 5 million. Receivables now stand at 439 
million and DSO for the quarter is at 49 days, which is down from 60 days in the prior quarter. Inventory was at 373 
million and days sales and inventory were at 70 compare to 87 in the prior quarter. 

There was no stock repurchases during the quarter. Headcount at the end of the quarter stood at 3627, which is up 200 
from Q2. Of the 200, approximately 150 were added internationally. Year-to-year head count is up by 1033 of which 
735 were international hires. 

I would like to give you an update on the restatement. We are making good progress and are receiving excellent 
cooperation from both PwC and KPMG. I wish I could give you a precise filing date for our restated and delinquent 
SEC fillings, but we can't be precise at this time. We have an internal plan to complete the work before the end of the 
month, however neither PwC nor KPMG has completed their work and there are unresolved items. We're committed to 
refiling as soon as possible. 

Now, for the outlook, on the revenue side, because of our strong competitive line up and new products including the 
GeForce 8800, we expect revenue growth in the fourth fiscal quarter. The magnitude maybe difficult to forecast but we 
feel comfortable with 5% growth over Q3 even if memory declines. We expect growth in Desktop GPUs, continued 
growth in MCP and resumed growth in professional solutions. We expect handheld to be relatively flat and consumer 
electronics to be up slightly but with increased gross margins. For gross margins we expect continued improvement. 
While we may not achieve our internal goal of 45% by year-end, we are comfortable with a gross margin increase of 
100 basis points or more in Q4 from Q3. 

New products including GeForce 8800 and the new MCP products will help gross margin and the incremental royalties 
from Sony will also be a benefit. Even though 44% gross margins might be admirable we do not believe we are done. 
There are further improvements to be made and we are pursuing them. We believe that a gross margin of 45% in the 
near future is certainly not impossible. Operating expenses will increase in Q4 on the order of 3 to 5% as we continue 
to hire. We believe the tax rate will hold at 17% for GAAP and 16% for non-GAAP. We have not included any Portal 
Player revenue or expenses in this outlook. Depending on when the acquisition closes there could be both revenue and 
expenses in our fourth quarter results. 

Now, I'll turn it back over to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Marv. On Monday of this week we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire PortalPlayer the 
pioneer of application processors for portable media players. Their products power many of the world's most 
recognized digital music players. Their processors also power the upcoming Vista Sideshow, a secondary display for 
notebooks. With this acquisition, we are combining two essential technologies for next generation mobile devices, 
PortalPlayer's application processor and NVIDIA's handheld GPU. IDC predicts that the combined market for 
application processors of GPUs will growth to approximately 4.1 billion by 2010. 

Semiconductors that enable connectivity and multimedia features in handsets are expected to show the greatest growth 
over the next several years. We are very excited about our growth opportunities for the year ahead. 

The reviews of our new products are fabulous. Let me give you a flavor. According to PC Perspective, 'in my seven 
years of covering the world of PC hardware, no other graphics architecture shift has been as dramatic as the one we are 
seeing here today with NVIDIA's GeForce 8800 GTX." And quoting Kyle Bennett at [H]ardOCP, "the EVGA nForce 
680i motherboard is easily one of the best enthusiast motherboards I have ever used. The 680i and video reference 
motherboard will make it into my – next system build, no question at." We expect a rapid production ramp of the new 
GeForce 8800 and NVIDIA nForce 680 SLI product families to drive Q4 growth. In Q4, we will also witness the 


launch of the most anticipated next generation video game console, the PlayStation 3. 

We expect our notebook GPU share increase to continue as we fully ramp our Napa design wins. Our share increase 
should continue through the spring Santa Rosa cycle as we achieve an even higher level of success than Napa. We 
expect our Santa Rosa design wins to ramp in Q1. Q1 will also benefit from the continuing ramp of the 2.5G North 
American phone design wins in our handheld GPU business. 

And with the recent acquisition of AMD – recent combination of AMD and ATI, we are in a unique position to offer 
branded integrated graphics for the Intel processor market. Market demand for our product has been very high. We will 
respond to the market demand and offer our first Intel integrated solution early next year. We expect this will 
significantly increase our addressable market for MCPs. 

Finally, we are about to experience the biggest combination of discontinuities to simultaneously impact our ecosystem 
in over 10 years. Next generation Microsoft DX10-based games, Vista and high definition DVD; each of these 
discontinuities by themselves significantly increase the amount of graphics processing power necessary to deliver a 
compelling end user experience. As the adoption of each of these grows throughout the year and beyond, so will the 
need for next generation GPUs like the nForce, like the GeForce 8 family. 

It is very evident that 3D graphics and GPU is becoming an ever more central part of our computing experience. Some 
of the most exciting and popular applications are enabled by 3D including Google Earth, Microsoft's new Virtual Earth 
3D, Apple's iTunes 7 uses 3D to elegantly render album covers, with Vista providing a 3D foundation for all future 
applications we expect developers will find many more innovative ways to use 3D. This is truly a great time to be the 
single most focused GPU company in the world. 

Thank you and we would be happy to take your questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Good afternoon. Can you comment at all first off on any guidance you can give us on 
PortalPlayer, what you expect in terms of revenues maybe a run rate and OpEx? And then I have a follow-up please. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I guess the answer is no. First of all the deal is not done yet. We've just signed a definitive 
and so it's probably too early to do that. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, I think so Shawn. It requires shareholder vote and we will see, we are very excited 
about acquiring them but it does require shareholder vote. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Well maybe turning into the PC end demand environment, you guys are obviously 
gaining share, is there any color you could give us on how you see PC and demand going in as we move through Q4 
actually and maybe into calendar Q1? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, there is a whole lot of different dynamics that are going on. There is – obviously 
Q4 is seasonally a large quarter. But there are some concerns about Vista, but we are not seeing that. You know most of 
the PC OEMs that we work with and most of the channel are relatively comfortable with the transition at this point. Our 
biggest focus right now is just ramping GeForce 8800 and nForce 680 and the market demand for both products are 
incredibly high. And so, we are going to focus on ramping those products and that should be the focus of our growth 
drivers in the Q4 timeframe. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: Well, first off, congratulations on another outstanding quarter guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot Mark. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: Jen-Hsun, you talked a little bit about Quadro Plex and that certainly is a whole new strategy 
for the company, can you talk a little bit about the opportunity you see there, just maybe size of market and how we 
should think about that from a business model perspective as you go forward? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, the – first of all, Quadro Plex leverages off of our SLI presence, and our workstation 
presence, and the vast amount of software that we've developed over the years for workstation applications and SLI 
applications. Quadro Plex is a external standalone image generator that allows our customers to scale their rendering 
density by just enormous factors. And the application of course is targeted within all of the same customer bases that 
historical image generators have gone into. In addition to desk-side workstations that would have wanted image 
generator type capability but just simply couldn't afford it. 

There's been several billion dollars worth of image generators that have been installed into the world of over the last – I 
guess decade and a half. And all of those image generators still require quite a bit of maintenance. They are pretty 
outdated. They consume a great deal of power. And I think that replacing those over time is just going to be a really 
huge opportunity for us. Not to mention creating a whole new class of desk-side imaging workstations that weren't 
possible to afford. 

It's hard exactly for us to scope up how big the opportunities are, but it's quite significant. It's certainly several times 
larger than the workstation business it is today. And in combination with the GPU computing technology that we 
recently – that we announced yesterday called CUDA, we think that these desk-side image generators or 
supercomputers by your desk are going to be really interesting applications for us to grow into. 

The business model with Quadro Plex is based off of system sales. The configuration is proprietary. It's based off of 
SLI and it goes with quite a large suite of software to enable scalability. And so, we will sell systems through our 
OEMs. They are branded Quadro Plexes. We would also sell it through VARs and it's also sold directly on our website 
to professionals who work directly with us. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: I guess it would seem like that business would have the potential to be pretty chunky over 
time? Would that be your expectation? And if so would you have visibility as the sort of backlog begins to build for 
that business over time? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, our expectation is that it's going to be a very large business. I don't know exactly 
how large it's going to be yet, but you know it's, I agree with you, it's going to be a very chunky business, it should be a 
very significant business. I mean that the number of installation of image generators in the world, just thinking through 
that, you know large workstation companies used to, multi-billion dollar workstation companies used to serve that 
market and so we're going to replace those aging image generators. We're going to create new categories of desk size 
super workstations and then in combination with GPU computing I think it's a, you know, it's a whole new computing 
model that we are exited about. So it's hard for us guess exactly what it is right now but I think it's going to be very 
large, Mark. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: And then just one last question on memory, as you are ramping up the G80 family here over 
the next couple of quarters should we see memory going up or do you think it can hold here at current levels? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, I guess my feeling Mark is that we hope it's down in Q4. And that's our current 
expectation. We had to ramp up for the 8800 launch but we don't anticipate that that goes up. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: Okay, thanks a lot. Nice job guys. 


<A>: Thanks Mark. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst [Hudson Square Research]. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Thanks for taking the question. Just, I'm not looking for guidance on the PortalPlayer revenues 
but just thinking about the opportunity there. How quickly could you realistically integrate your videographics 
processing capabilities with their ARM based SoCs and then what are you thinking is the best opportunity there, is it 
still would they be focused on the standalone media players or you think it's in mobile phones? And then secondly on 
that how serious do you think OEMs are about adopting the SideShow technology? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So what I am going to do is I am going to answer the question probably from a more strategic 
perspective and the reason for that is because the deal is just not done and any speculation about our businesses, about 
their business and our combination of the businesses is just a little too premature. 

But I think if you look at it strategically, we feel that future mobile devices will become more and more intelligent, will 
incorporate operating systems, will be multitasking, will support all kinds of rich media, and over the course of, 
certainly by within the next 10 years, these mobile devices are going to become amazing little portable computers that 
allows you to do everything that you can imagine a digital device to be able to do today, whether it's music or movies 
or television or web viewing or 3D games or whatever it happens to be and certainly within – well within the next 10 
years this dynamic will happen and these portable devices will become your most personal computer. And we expect 
that this is going to be, when these various dynamics come together particularly as a rich operating system becomes 
available for these mobile devices, it's really going to become the second PC revolution and so we're excited from that 
perspective. 

The two really critical ingredients to enable this new era to happen is application processors in combination with GPUs, 
the base stand processor is innovating quite nicely and I think that the technology is maturing and the capability is 
certainly available on the every single phone already, obviously and so where we need to innovate is application 
processors and GPUs and that's the reason why we were so excited about the PortalPlayer opportunity. 

How excited is, are people about Sideshow? I believe they have numerous number of designs wins and they are real 
OEM's and they are really going to ship with it. And the way I think about it is utility to the end user. You know how 
many of us frequently carry our notebooks around and just want to quickly glance at the calendar, or the time, or send a 
very quick message or receive a quick message, I think that all of us would like to do that. And so without having to 
boot up and log in to your personal computer and so this, I think this is a capability that's a real differentiator for the 
notebook. And if a cell phone has two displays and some of them have three displays, why shouldn't notebook have a 
couple of two, three displays. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Great. That's helpful color. And then just a follow up to your new platform launch and your 
comments on GPU based computing. Earlier this year at NAB, Sony and IBM showed off a prototype cell based media 
server for the broadcast industry as video is increasingly going digital and not tape-based, is that an area that since you 
would be competing with that platform on where you'd have GPU-based media servers? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, it's too early to tell whether we are going to compete or not, but I think what's 
interesting is that there is a whole new area of computing that is just not well served today. Some people think that 
supercomputers ought to serve it. We all know that over the course of the last 15 years there has been a drought of 
supercomputer technology and the reason for that of course is it's been really the workstation and the PC era. And now 
the world knows that there is a – we have a supercomputer crisis if you will, that there are so many problems that are 
very, very data intensive, very compute intensive, but the innovation and the investment around supercomputers has 
really lagged over the years. 

We think that we can transform the PC into a supercomputer and this is a wonderful opportunity for the entire PC 
ecosystem and by adding a GPU with a technology like CUDA, we can turn the PC with the addition of GPU 


computing into a desk side supercomputer. You can do this obviously in a server configuration as well with a bunch of 
blades. And the applications for these are wherever all these supercomputers are required and where people are using 
FPGAs potentially or even designing custom ASICs to do the intensive number crunching. And so I think this is going 
to be opening up a whole new era of new style of computing and we called that GPU computing. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Great, sounds exciting. Thank you. 

<A>: Yes, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Doug Freedman with AmTech Research. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Thanks for taking my question. Quick one for you, can you give us a little bit more color on 
the chipset business and what you are doing there to improve the gross margins and where you think you can take those 
gross margins over the longer term? If you could just describe the landscape of the chipset market that I think is 
changing quite a bit recently? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I think gross margins could be achieved, could be improved in a lot of variety of ways 
but number one best way is architectural, and I'd probably prefer to keep them as trade secrets, but architectural 
efficiency, doing more with less or doing more through extreme high integrations or whatever the technology is, 
approach is, are very important, so architectural. 

The second thing is operational. We have to make sure that the products are built just in time to benefit from the lowest 
wafer cost. We have to make sure that the yields are as high as we can make it; the scraps are as low as we can make it 
and the quality as high as we can. People have always known that through perfect quality is your best way to improve 
profitability and the rest of it the market dictates. 

We don't set the price, the competition and the customer set the price. And so we on our side have to make sure we 
develop products that the market really highly desires, and that's one of the advantages of nForce. Our brand – our 
nForce brand is really becoming if not already the number one brand of core-logic. If you are somebody who cares 
about the performance and stability and the availability of the best technology on a motherboard, nForce is really your 
choice. And I think we have demonstrated that on both the Intel as well as the AMD platforms. And so, between the 
combination of great architecture, efficient architecture, operational excellence, and building brands that the market 
highly desires, those are basically our approach and we hammer on all three everyday. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: What do you see is the price trend in that marketplace and then if you could give us an idea of 
when we can – when you believe you will see revenue from the Intel integrated solutions? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The pricing trend in core-logic – I don't know if there is a particular trend. It depends on what 
products and what segments we launch at any given point in time. This quarter we are launching our nForce 680i and 
the 680a and both of them are targeted at the enthusiast market. They tend to have higher ASPs, and so because we are 
ramping those products, there is probably a good likelihood that we trend upward. So, it has a lot to do with what we 
introduce more than what is happening in the marketplace. With respect to the Intel chipset, my expectation is that we – 
well, I guess the market's expectation, which is customers would like us to be in the marketplace by spring of next year 
and we are working as hard as we can to do that. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right, great. Thank you so much. 

<A>: Yeah, thanks Doug. 

<A>: Thanks Doug. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Tayyib Shah with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Hi guys, congratulations on the quarter. 

<A>: Thank you. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: In the past, you guys have kind of restricted yourself to the high end of the Intel platform MCP 
market. Now you are talking about significantly expanding your footprint there. Can you maybe talk about, do you see 
yourself going after the mainstream Intel MPC segment in a major way in 2007? And if so how much of that change 
was because of the AMD-ATI merger? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The answer to your question is yes, we are going to go after the mainstream part of the 
market with our GeForce and nForce branded integrated graphics. And that market is obviously very, very large and the 
opportunity to us is now quite significant and the reason for that is directly related to ATI being sold to AMD. Now 
there is a really a void of a branded integrated graphics supplier in the Intel market and that's an opportunity that we've 
stayed away from because there were other players that were serving that market before. But now with DX10 and 
high-definition and Blu-ray video and Vista, the bar for graphics capability has gone up so high in just one year's time 
we believe that raised bar as well as the fact that there is now a vacuum because ATI has left that market. It's just a 
wonderful opportunity for us; this is just a perfect time for us to enter it. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Okay. And then can you talk about the supply situation for graphics memory. How do you see 
that shaping up over the next quarter and if Marv can put this in the context of gross margins, have you had to absorb 
some of the memory cost increase in the last quarter? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: What was that last portion? I didn't hear that. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Have you had to absorb some of the memory cost increase in the fiscal third quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I guess the first thing is to comment about the memory shortage. There is a memory 
shortage or a memory tightness. But the memory tightness is by and large alleviated at this point. But during the 
tightness we worked really closely with all of our Add-in-Card partners and OEMs. And because we are such a close 
partner of all the memory suppliers, we've been helpful in helping them secure the memories that they needed at a price 
that was fair to the marketplace. And so, we were frankly very, very helpful to the profit seekers to help them secure 
memories during Q3, but I think the shortage is by and large stabilized at this point. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Thank you. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: On the comment with regard to gross margins, obviously our gross margins were impacted by 
the increase in memory last quarter. If you look at it very, very simplistically, a $20 million increase in memory 
business, which we had Q2 to Q3, if you had gotten 40% margin on that, that's $8 million, and that's a full percentage 
point in gross margin. Now that's not quite what happened. We do get some margin off in memory. So to answer the 
other portion of your question, no, we don't lose money on memory. But it's just not a high margin business. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Thank you. 

<A>: Thanks Tayyib. 

<A>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Pranay Laharia with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Pranay Laharia>: Hi guys. A question on die size, so your G80 die size looks to be a lot larger than your G70, 
and it also appears likely that in this new generation you will lose the die size advantage that you guys had over your 
competition last time around. Can you talk about what gross margin impact these two factors will have? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, first of all, I guess, I will answer the second question first. This time around the 
competition hasn't even shown their products yet. I guess at this point, their die size would be infinitely large. And so, I 
would say that we have – we still have a competitive advantage relative to that. The die size is larger, but the ASP is 
also higher. And so, you have to balance those two things. GeForce 7900 is now well into the $299 segment and I have 
seen some prices down that are even below that. But that's not where GeForce 8800 is positioned right now. The 
GeForce 8800 is positioned at the enthusiast segment and the very high performance segment where either the gamer or 
the enthusiast demands to have the absolute best and has a real need to run games at extreme high resolutions and the 
most modern games. We repositioned the 7900 starting last quarter into the lower parts of the performance segment and 
it's now solidly there and is doing fabulously. And so, the two products are simply positioned at different price points 
and different parts of the marketplace. 

<Q - Pranay Laharia>: Let me just sort of follow up on that. Do you think when your G80 line ramps up across the 
stack, on a full stack-for-a full stack comparison, will you be sort of the same die size as you were with G70 or will you 
be higher, I was – thinking logically that ought to dictate your gross margins for the next one year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, so that's a good question. It's – G80 is just the first of the G8x family and there are 
many other G8x families, probably nine others. We are going to have all the numbers in between and so, the GPU is 
designed to be scalable in architecture and our engineers are very, very rapidly and very hard at work and building all 
kinds of products derived from the G8x family. 

<Q - Pranay Laharia>: Okay, and then just one last question. For the Santa Rosa platform did you compete with G70 
or with G80 derivatives? And where do you think your product, where do you think your market share goes in 
notebook discrete graphics with Santa Rosa? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Santa Rosa notebooks are DX10 notebooks. There are Vista DX10, Blu-ray disc 
high-definition video notebooks. And we are the only supplier of DX10 GPUs today and the only one sampling 
notebook GPUs. And my expectation is that our success on the Santa Rosa transition should be quite a bit higher than 
our success even with Napa. 

<Q - Pranay Laharia>: Okay, thank you. 

<A>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rick Schafer with CIBC World Markets. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Good afternoon guys, congratulation. This is actually Dan Morris calling for Rick. 

<A>: Thanks Dan. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: First question, your guidance for the consumer division looks slightly up. I might have expected 
that to be a little bit higher, is there something going on with maybe the NREs and the levels that you're getting there, 
maybe if you can give an update there? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, the NREs are rolling off and until we have other programs that replace it, we don't 
anticipate, you know that – we're anticipating a roll off, so you will see a decline in NRE offset by the increase in 
royalties. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Okay. And how is the NRE recognized and about how much is left? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Small amount is left and it's recognized on a percentage of completion basis. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Okay. Good. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: If I could just add to that, there are ongoing projects with, on an NRE basis. It's just that it's 
recognized on completion basis and some of the projects we're currently working on right now are further away from 
completion, but we are working on those projects. 

<Q - Daniel Morris>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citigroup. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: Hi, this is Peter Karazeris for Glen Yeung. Put up a good quarter, I am just curious actually for 
your inventory it looks like it's down a bit quarter-on-quarter. You have the new product launch and you've been seeing 
some substantial share gains. What is your ability to I guess service potential upside for next quarter if you had to? And 
I have something to follow it up. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: First of all I think we're actually as passionate as you guys are in reducing our inventories 
and still be able to run our business. I know that, I know what you're saying is true too; having inventory allows you to 
address unexpected demand. But what we're trying to do operationally is to put ourselves in a position where we can 
continue to address unexpected demand but work down our inventory. And so that's, those are, that's an intense focus in 
our company and our expectation and our goal is to reduce our inventory even further and yet still be able to address 
unexpected demands. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: So, let me ask just a little differently. 

<A>: I guess maybe I will say – let me just say just one more thing; it reduced not by accident. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: Right. 

<A>: And it didn't reduce unexpectedly and we hope that it in fact goes down even further in the future, that was our 
hope – that's our goal. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: So, I guess – let me ask slightly differently. It looks like this quarter one of the places you had 
upside was in mainstream, you have new products out there. Can you give me a sense of the mix of your inventory and 
how it's changed? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: The mix of our inventory is weighted heavily to the new products. And so, are we going to be 
in perfect mix, probably not, never happen. But we think we are in a good shape from an inventory standpoint to 
support upside. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michael McConnell with Pacific Crest. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thank you. Jen-Hsun, if we look maybe a little bit longer out to next year and look at the 
growth drivers kind of by a – from a product segment, what do you – it sounds like notebooks are only going to get 
better next year with Santa Rosa. Should we be looking at notebooks and chipsets being on a year-over-year basis 
probably the two major product drivers next year or can we lump wireless in there as well? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see, lots of comments here. I think GPUs will grow next year because Vista, high-def, 
DX10, there is amazing things happening in our PC industry. I haven't felt as excited about all the new technologies 
coming since Windows 95. And Windows 95 was big big you know, as you recall. And so I think that's going to 
happen next year. Our handheld business should continue to grow substantially, in fact it should accelerate its growth, 
you know, next year because of our entry into 2.5G. I think our chipset business is going to grow and the reason for that 


is partly because of the dynamics that I have explained already about Vista and DX10. 

You know, Vista, DX10 and high-def has just raised the bar so that second tier core-logics suppliers are going to have a 
much-much harder time competing in the future and you know they either had – they either would have had to invest 
already hundreds of millions of dollars to get here with DX10 or they're just not going to be able to compete next year. 
So I think that our core-logic, our core-logic business will do very well. 

I also think that our serviceable market is going to grow dramatically with the branded Intel core-logic business. And so 
I think that's going to be big for us. I can't help but believe that Sony is going to do incredibly well next year. The early 
reviews are already very exciting and so and then workstations. You know, frankly, my psychology right now is that 
we are in a position to grow all of our businesses next year. We have strategies to grow all of our businesses next year 
and we have a reason to believe that the market dynamics will allow us to grow every single one of our businesses next 
year. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: If we look at the Desktop CPU business you have obviously got a pretty significant 
head-start here with G80 architecture relative to competition and you had said in your prepared remarks that you have 
89% share in performance segment. Your share relatively in the mainstream segment is below that level, so with this 
head-start do we have an opportunity to take some share in that segment relative to competition as well next year given 
the head-start? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, you know, that's a good point and we're certainly still focused on increasing share. 
We're also focused on increasing revenue TAM [Total Available Market]. I want to continue to emphasize that we – 
although we enjoy talking about share and we enjoy gaining share, where the focus of our company has always been is 
creating a larger market for all of us to share. And SLI certainly created a larger TAM. The introduction of DX10 will 
increase the revenue TAM hopefully because DX10 is so exciting and Vista is so exciting and high-definition video is 
so exciting, it might drive the ASP up, people looking for more GPU experience, more GPU performance to get the 
best experience. That would increase the TAM and so we look for ways to increase the unit attached. We look for ways 
to help consumers experience better content and those things always increase TAMs, but we're still very hyper focused 
on increasing share. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thank you. That was very helpful. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Devan Moodley with Scotia Capital. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Hi, guys, great quarter. 

<A>: Thank you. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: You guys almost delivered a Q3 that's kind of what the Street was expecting for next year. 
You know in that context obviously things are going pretty well ahead of expectations. What have you done to secure 
the wafer capacity you think you are going to need – clearly that's changed from even two quarters ago? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we are being one of the largest and I think we probably are at this point from a wafer 
consumption perspective, the largest in the world and having such close relationships with TSMC our single largest 
foundry partner and others, I think that that really plays a role in this. We have a vigorous forward-looking and forward 
planning process. Internally we've expected to be here for some time to be honest. And so, if it happened accidentally, 
we expected to be here. And it's – so, we've been planning for that, and we are planning for next quarter, we are 
planning for next year, and our alignment with TSMC and other foundries is excellent. We have – they have a perfect 
understanding of exactly what we need and there is no evidence whatsoever that they are not going to be able to 
support us in every way. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: And just one follow up, if we look out a year from now, where would you like the percentage 
of your desktop GPU business to be in terms of the GeF – G80 family? 


<A>: Marv, go ahead, go ahead. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: The normal transition would put it above 50%. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Sorry, desktop and mobile? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah. I don't know about mobile, maybe that lags; I am talking about desktops, that's where 
you asked. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Okay. Thanks guys. 

<A>: Yes, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert Dennison with UBS. 

<Q - Robert Dennison>: Thanks guys, good quarter. I am wondering if you can give me just a little bit more color on 
the patent license fee. I don't need to know what it's about or what it's for, but I am not understanding how it's a 
one-time item and it would seem to me that it would be meaningful for gross margin if you guys had to pay patent 
license fees? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, I wish I could give you more information but it's a confidential arrangement; it includes 
payments for use of those patents. It's a significant number of patents, beyond that I really don't think we can comment. 

<Q - Robert Dennison>: So is it something that you've used this technology for in the past and so it didn't show up in 
past margins and you are putting it in this margin or is it for the future or? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: It is primarily for the past. 

<Q - Robert Dennison>: Okay. And Jen-Hsun I heard you say that you are getting into the Intel integrated MCP 
market and I also heard Marv say that MCP margins should come up, this is a notoriously tough margin business this 
Intel integrated. Can you give me a little color on how you guys expect to bring margins up in that business, 
particularly given the 44% range you are talking about next quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. I am not sure yet. It's kind of the truth. I don't have a product to sell yet and so I really 
don't have very much experience there. But my general experience with – and you know that gross margin 
improvement has been a passion of mine and our company's for quite a few years now and we've been increasing it 
quarter-by-quarter and we are doing all kinds of great stuff. What I have learned about it is there is probably on balance 
about three major factors; one of them is architecture, and so that relies on just really the innovative and talented, the 
really creative engineers that we have to come up with an innovative architecture. 

Now the second one is operational excellence, and that one just goes from the front of the company all the way to the 
back of your company because you just have no waste whatsoever and perfect yields, no waste, perfect quality if you 
just hit everything at 100% and everything at 0% you are going to be in, everything else at 0%, you'll be in good shape. 
and the last part of it, it's just building a great product. I think you need to have a great brand in this marketplace. And 
the market that we'll serve, the market we will continue to serve is where we believe we can capture the value from the 
products that we sell. 

You know, that we – we are not fanatical about revenues. We are fanatical about profits, and we don't need to go chase 
profitless prosperity, we are just not going to do it. So, we are going to target the segments in the marketplace where 
our work and our brand is valued and we'll leave the other segments to other people. 

<Q - Robert Dennison>: Okay, great, and then finally, I know you guys aren't offering much in the way of color on 
PortalPlayer but do you expect this to be helpful or a drag on margins going forward, should the deal go through? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It should be slightly dilutive in the first year and in the second year I hope it is wonderfully 
accretive. 

<Q - Robert Dennison>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers this afternoon. I'd now 
like to turn the call back over to Jen-Hsun Huang for closing remarks. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

I want to thank all of you guys for joining us today. We look forward to reporting our progress for Q4. Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes the fiscal year 2007 third quarter financial results conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


