Q3 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Rob Csongor 
• Karen Burns 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Ross C. Seymore 
• Raj Seth 
• James E. Schneider 
• Romit J. Shah 
• Alex Gauna 
• Patrick Hsiang-Shih Wang 
• Vivek Arya 
• Uche Orji 
• Craig Berger 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Kristin and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the nVIDIA Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At 
this time, I'd like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Rob Csongor. Please go ahead. 

Rob Csongor 

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to nVIDIA's conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2012. With me on 
the call today from nVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Karen Burns, Interim 
Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks we'll open up the call to a question-and-answer session. Please 
limit yourself to one initial question with one follow-up. 

Before we begin I'd like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on nVIDIA's Investor Relations website 
and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until November 18, 2011, 
and the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2012. The content of today's conference call is nVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 31, 2011, and the reports 


we may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All our statements are made as of today, November 10, 2011, based on information available to us as of today and 
except as required by law we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all 
references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or John 
Peddie Research. 

During this call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on our website. 

With that, let's begin. We're pleased to report a strong third quarter. Our results reflect solid growth in desktop and 
professional GPUs, as well as our mobile processors while we executed on key growth drivers for next year. Desktop 
consumer graphics revenue rose beyond usual seasonal increases due to strong global demand from PC gamers driven 
by highly-anticipated blockbuster PC games just starting to hit the shelves. 

Electronic Arts' Battlefield 3, which launched on October 25th, sold 5 million units in the first week amid critical 
acclaim in the press particularly for the highly-advanced PC version. The latest installment of the highly-successful 
Call of Duty franchise from Activision, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 launched on November 8th. Electronic Arts 
says preorders for Star Wars: The Old Republic, a PC-only online game, scheduled for release on December 20th, are 
the highest they have ever seen. 

We believe this surge of PC gaming demand will drive increased demand for nVIDIA's GeForce products despite the 
soft consumer PC market. We expect a multi-year PC gaming cycle as the PC becomes increasingly more powerful 
than 5 to 6-year-old gaming consoles. 

We also kicked off the generation of 3D gaming with the nVIDIA 3D Vision 2 glasses with light-boost technology. The 
new glasses deliver a superior gaming experience while nVIDIA's patented light-boost technology delivers twice the 
brightness of our last generation solution. 

While sell-out attach rates remain stable, nVIDIA discrete graphics notebook revenues were lower in Q3 reflecting a 
market share drop of 4%. We believe this is due primarily to some Intel loss of shares in CPUs and our absence from 
Apple notebooks in this design cycle. 

With attach rates stable, we believe we are well-positioned with design wins in both Sandy Bridge and Ivy Bridge 
notebooks to remain market share in upcoming quarters. Sandy Bridge continues to drive growth for our discrete GPU 
business. 

According to the latest data from both Mercury Research and John Peddie Research, average discrete GPU attach rates 
remain constant overall at 36%, while integrated CPU continues to erode integrated-graphics chipset market share. 
According to Mercury data, average discrete GPU attach rates have now remained flat within a 2% variation 
quarter-to-quarter for the last eight quarters. 

According to recent press reviews from Forbes to Hardware Canucks, discrete GPUs remain the PC markets' first 
choice for a PC upgrade while integrated-CPU graphics continue to lag far behind the performance of discrete GPUs 
for the demanding gamer and enthusiast markets. While Sandy Bridge graphics are far below the minimum 
requirements for today's modern games and applications, the combination of a Sandy Bridge CPU with a GeForce 
discrete GPU continues to deliver the best price performance solution for today's PCs. 

Our Professional GPU business had a record revenue quarter on strong professional graphics market demand and 
continued adoption of the Fermi-generation Quadros. During the quarter we also announced that Oak Ridge National 
Laboratory, which operates the world's premiere open-science computing facility for the U.S. Department of Energy, 
will deploy a revolutionary new super-computer, Titan, based on nVIDIA Tesla GPUs. Its 18,000 Tesla GPUs will 
deliver roughly 85% of the peak-compute performance of Titan with the potential to deliver over 20 petaflops of peak 
performance. Titan, a Cray XK6 supercomputer would be more than two times faster and three times more energy 
efficient than today's fastest supercomputer, Japan's K computer. 


Our Consumer Products business, which includes Tegra processors, delivered solid growth in the quarter. nVIDIA, and 
its partners added three more Tegra-based superphones to the eight already available. The LG Optimus EX, LG 
Optimus Q2 and Motorola Electrify. We also added 13 new tablets for a total of 23 currently available, including the 
ASUS slider, Sony tablet S, Sony tablet P, Toshiba Thrive 7-inch, the Acer Iconia A100, Sharp Galapagos e-reader, 
Dell Streak 10, Lenovo ThinkPad and Samsung's Galaxy Tab 8.9. 

We are pleased to see exciting new Tegra 2 devices ramp into production, and we are particularly excited to have 
introduced two days ago the Tegra 3 processor and the first Tegra 3 tablet, the ground-breaking ASUS Eee Pad 
Transformer Prime. It will be on shelves in the U.S. within a few weeks in time for the holiday season. Tegra 3 ushers 
in the next generation of mobile smartphones and tablets. It is the world's first quad-core mobile processor delivering 
PC-like performance to mobile devices, while enabling ultra-low power consumption. The Tegra 3 processor provides 
up to three times the graphics performance of Tegra 2 and up to 61% lower power consumption. 

This translates into an industry-leading 12 hours of battery life for HD-video playback. The Tegra 3 processor 
implements a new patent-pending technology known as variable symmetric multi-processing or VSMP. VSMP 
includes a fifth CPU companion specifically designed for work requiring little power. The four main cores are designed 
for work requiring high performance and generally consume less power than dual-core processors. 

With Tegra 3, we begin the next phase of growth for our mobile business. While we are adding more tablet customers 
with Tegra 3, we are particularly excited to have more and higher volume smartphone design wins with Tegra 3 than 
we did at Tegra 2's production launch. We are pleased to officially be in production with Tegra 3, a fundamental 
growth driver for our mobile business next year. 

With that, let me hand the call over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Rob. Revenue for the third quarter was $1.07 billion, up 4.9% sequentially. Non-GAAP gross margin of 52.5% 
was a record for the fifth consecutive quarter. Gross margin exceeded our expectations for the quarter, primarily as a 
result of strong demand in the high-end segments of our desktop-GPU products, and record sales in our Quadro 
professional graphics products. 

Non-GAAP OpEx was $317.6 million, slightly below our estimates. Combined, these results generated a non-GAAP 
net income of $217 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, up 12.1% over the prior quarter. 

Revenue by business segment was as follows: OUR GPU business was up 1%, compared with the prior quarter. 
Desktop-GPU revenue was up strongly by 23% in the quarter. This gain was despite a $47.3 million decline in our 
chipset revenue as we end-of-life these products, and exit the chipset business. Notebook-GPU revenue decreased as 
compared with prior quarter for the reasons Rob has mentioned. 

Our Professional business had record revenue in the third quarter, up 9.5% at $230.3 million. This was largely driven 
by our record sales in our Quadro professional graphics products. Our Consumer business was up 14% over the prior 
quarter, primarily through growth in Tegra sales together with seasonal strength in game console revenue. 

Turning to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at the end of the quarter were at $2.75 
billion, up 11%, or $273.9 million sequentially. Cash flow from operating activities was $244.4 million. Both accounts 
receivables and inventories were down at the end of the quarter, with DSO improving by six days down to 32 days and 
DSI by 10 days down to 57. 

Our strong balance sheet position at the end of the quarter reflects the overall strength in our businesses, strong demand 
and shipment linearity, strong collections, and management of inventory. 

Our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 is as follows: Closing on a strong third quarter, we expect revenue to 
be relatively flat, plus or minus 2%. We expect gross margins to be flat to up 0.5 percentage points from our record 
levels achieved in Q3 on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. 


For operating expenses we expect GAAP to be approximately $372 million and non-GAAP at approximately $330 
million. The increase is primarily related to planned hiring in our strategic investment areas, as well as engineering 
costs related to new products as we bring them into production. We expect the tax rate to be between 14% and 16% on 
a GAAP and non-GAAP basis excluding any discrete tax events that may occur during the quarter. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Hi, guys. Congrats on a solid quarter. Looking forward could you give any color by your 
main segments as to any area that's going to be better or worse than the flat plus or minus guidance you provided 
overall? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see. We're expecting GeForce desktop to be up, and we're expecting that to be up nicely 
driven by the hit games that Rob talked about. This is likely a multi-year cycle of growth for PC gaming. This happens 
every major game console cycle towards the second half of its product life because PC technology advances on a 
regular basis instead of once every seven to 10 years. And so you could imagine how PC technology is dramatically 
better than a game console today, and you're starting to see that now with the new generation of games that are coming 
out such as Battlefield 3. 

We're expecting notebook to be flat to slightly down. We're expecting Quadro to be up. We already had a record 
quarter this quarter. Quadro is benefiting from the Fermi adoption. It's also benefiting from the fact that China and 
India and the other developing countries are increasingly moving to a design economy rather than just a manufacturing 
or a second sourcing economy. And so when China and India particularly move to design economies, the single most 
important tool of modern design is a workstation, and our market share in workstations is very good. So, we're going to 
benefit from that for quite some time. 

Tesla is expected to be flat, and mobile is expected to be flat. We'll see how the devices that have gone into production 
this quarter do in the marketplace. I think we had something along the lines of about 17, 16 or 17, new devices that 
went into production, many new tablets, as Rob mentioned, and new phones. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Great and then a combined question. Channel inventory. And then what's your view on any 
impact included or otherwise in your guidance on the Thailand floods? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Channel inventory is in good shape. In fact, for most of our high end products, the ones that 
the PC gamers buy, are particularly low at the moment, and so that reflects the demand that we're seeing. 

With respect to Thailand, the projection that we gave reflects how we view the marketplace as of now. If you look at 
the dynamics of the shortage, for some of our markets it's really a non-factor, for example, mobile obviously because 
we don't use hard disk drive in mobile and you could argue that the money that isn't spent in mobile – is in PCs could 
be spent in mobile. You could also see that in some of our other segments where workstations, Tesla and the high-end 
PCs, because the value and the margins are so good for our PC OEMs in the times of shortage, those particular 
platforms and segments are prioritized. 

And so there's puts and gets, and so we'll see how it works out. But there's many favorable dynamics, as well as 
negative. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks a lot. 


Operator 

And your next question is from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Company. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Hi. Thanks very much. Jen-Hsun, can you talk a minute about your long-term ambitions in the 
handset space vis-à-vis for market segments. You've obviously come in at the high end of the market with Tegra. I'm 
curious as you look out sort of 18 months, maybe even a little bit more, how do you think about the other tiers, the 
mid-tier of the market? Is that something we should expect as the target as you eventually start integrating Icera and 
Tegra and some of these things together? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our first entry into the market is where performance and visual experience is very important. 
And this is an area where we could add a lot of value. And so Tegra 2 came into the segment that now people recognize 
to be quite an exciting segment, and we called it the superphone segment. The superphone segment is not insignificant. 
And as the segment – as mobile devices become increasingly important to people's lives, and they recognize in the 
second and the third smartphone that they buy how wonderful they are, they tend to buy up. 

The characteristic is very consistent with that of people who buy cars to people who buy PCs. That the first PC they 
buy because they're not exactly sure how they would use it, they tend to buy in the main-stream segment and over time, 
they buy a better and better one because they realize how much of their lives is involved in it. We see the same thing in 
the superphone segment, that this is likely to be quite a good growth segment for us. 

We have more design wins in Tegra 3 today than we had at Tegra 2. We have more design wins, more devices, more 
OEMs. We didn't win them all. There are some that we lost. Motorola was one that I'm personally disappointed in not 
winning this cycle around. But net, we have more designs and more OEMs going into momentum going into next year. 
As a result, related to the long term plan, our goal is to continue to drive the superphone segment and bring amazing 
features to the segment, but in addition to that, with the Icera acquisition we're now able to integrate the application 
processor and LTE modem into a Tegra processor. This is a very large focus for our company at the moment. Part of 
our increase in OpEx is related to our efforts in this area. We think we could add a lot of value in bringing this 
capability into the mainstream segment and hopefully we'll be able to see the early examples of that toward the end of 
next year. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could give us a 
little more color on the prior question. I think we've seen Texas Instruments be quite aggressive in some of the 
lower-end tablets and some of the lower-end smartphones. I think you just alluded to that in your answer to the 
previous question. Can you talk about your plans for Tegra 2 versus Tegra 3? Do you intend to continue with Tegra 2 
production at a lower price to kind of capture that low end of the market with Tegra 3 attacking the high end? Or do 
you just continue to want to attack the superphone market with Tegra 3 only? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see. There were a couple of tablets this year. If I look at overall the year, obviously our 
tablet design wins are numerous and beyond count at the moment. There are many segments of the marketplace that we 
serve now all the way from very high design-content tablets in 10-inch to now increasingly many 7-inch tablets are 
coming onto the marketplace. 

There are a couple of design wins that I wish we had this year that we didn't have. I already mentioned Motorola. We 
were surprised by the Amazon Fire, but frankly, we're not going be surprised again, and so we're obviously very 
excited about Amazon and want to do our best to be a partner there someday. And so I think those were the two main 
ones that I can really highlight. 

With respect to our Tegra 2 versus Tegra 3, Tegra 2 will continue to ship into the marketplace. Three new phones were 
introduced just this week – or just this last quarter. And we're expecting to see those phones continue to ship. Tegra 3 is 


going to come into the marketplace in tablets ranging from 7-inch all the way to 10-inch. And the reason why Tegra III 
is such a – both very high performance, as well as super affordable is because the battery life is made possible by the 
technologies that are inside Tegra 3 that we talked about. 

Rob talked about variable SMP, this fifth core, which is essentially like an electric-hybrid engine for Tegra 3. It 
consumes so little energy that the battery life could be much, much longer for Tegra 3 tablets. As a result, you could – 
when battery life is long and the power is – and the processor is very energy efficient, you can save enormous amount 
of cost around the system. 

There's a second great technology in Tegra 3. It's called dye-dim, and it's the ability to, per pixel per frame, per scene to 
modulate the backlight so quickly that we over a long period of time, reduce the amount of backlight intensity, 
backlight energy by nearly half. We save as much power in the backlight without changing the visual fidelity at all to 
save essentially the entire power used by our chip. 

And so saving power, energy efficiency, translates to reduced system bill of material. And as a result of those things, 
people are finding that they can take the Tegra 3 tablets both into very high segments because of its performance, as 
well as into very affordable devices like 7-inch and such. And then, of course, Tegra 3 is going to revolutionize the 
smartphone market again by bringing quad-core and a new level of capability this year. And it's going to be a pretty 
exciting year for us on the superphones. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: That's helpful. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, on the OpEx trajectory, you're guiding 
that partly on the strategic new programs and partly I assume just on 28-nanometer new products and the normal course 
of things on GPUs. Can you talk about how much is coming from each of those areas, and whether we should expect 
OpEx to continue to go up at a similar rate in future quarters? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks. The vast majority of the increase is coming from the very significant increase in 
design wins that we have in several areas. We have more notebook design wins in – for the Ivy Bridge cycle than we 
have ever had in notebooks. And this is likely the most successful notebook cycle we've ever experienced. And so 
we've got a lot of engineers dedicated to getting those notebooks into production. 

The reason for our success, I believe, is because our Kepler generation of GPU was designed for intense energy 
efficiency and by – with energy efficiency we were able to translate that to simultaneously higher performance, as well 
as longer battery life. And so that's the first part. 

The second thing is we have more smartphones in design as a result of Tegra 3. We have more tablets in design as a 
result of Tegra 3. And on top of that, we have Windows 8 tablets and devices that we're building all over the world, and 
so those – all of those design wins translate to quite a bit of customer engineering, customer-facing engineering to build 
these exquisite devices. And then there's a portion of it that is related to 28-nanometer tape out of new processors that 
will go into production shortly. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Thanks, James. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Romit Shah with Nomura. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Thank you. Good quarter guys. Jen-Hsun, I was wondering if you could elaborate on why you 
think you lost Motorola. Was it a function of price or something else? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot, Romit. Well, it's a couple of things, I think. Partly you're going to have to 
ask Motorola. I think that one, our rhythm is once every year and Tegra 2 came into production a year ago. Tegra 3's in 
production now. And for Motorola they had their own internal rhythm and OMAP4 was right in between Tegra 2 and 
Tegra 3, and they felt that OMAP4 was a better processor than Tegra 2. Obviously, I feel different and – but Motorola 


made their choice. 

Second thing is Tegra 3 is obviously more – surely more valuable than OMAP4 by a lot. At this point I think it's very, 
very clear that OMAP – that Tegra 3 is in a completely different class than OMAP4. And so it was difficult for us to be 
price competitive relative to OMAP4. And so I think those two things played – play a role. 

We all have different perspectives on when new technology could be adopted in the marketplace, and we felt that last 
year was the year of the dual-core processor. And dual-core processors are dual-core processors. It's been done. And 
now Tegra 3 is really bringing a new level of capability with variable SMP, five processors on a chip, as well as energy 
efficiency that's really never been seen before in the mobile world. And the combination of much a higher capability 
and performance, as well as much, much higher efficiency and therefore, battery life, we felt that we could bring a new 
capability to the mobile era. And so that was our perspective, and I think it's becoming increasingly clear that by the 
early part of next year that superphones will have quad-core. And I think that we'll see how it plays out from here. But 
we'll work super hard to get back into Motorola and obviously, very, very important, a very important partner, and they 
build amazing phones, and it would be a privilege and a pleasure to be part of them again. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Yeah, thanks for the color on that. It's our understanding that TI's OMAP sells for about $12 to 
$14 where I believe nVIDIA said that Tegra ranges from $15 to $25, depending on the platform. So, I guess given 
OMAP's success on the ICS platform, would you expect any downward pressure to ASPs for mobile? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: All right. I don't know, which Tegra is $15, but if we're still talking about Tegra 3, there is no 
Tegra 3 that's $15. It's higher than that. Tegra 3 and OMAP4 aren't targeting the same generation of devices, and we're 
not targeting the same market. Tegra 3 is really designed for superphones. Tegra 3 is really designed for 
next-generation tablets. 

The thing that is – so when you compare on device per device level, processor to processor level, it's really hard to 
make that comparison. However, when you compare it at a system level, Tegra 3 is about cost equivalent and 
sometimes cost advantaged relative to last-generation devices, including Tegra 2. 

And the reason for that is because Tegra 3 is so energy efficient that it actually reduces your BoM [Bill of Materials] 
cost, the system BoM cost, by a fair amount. And so variable SMP and Dye-Dim, our image processing technology, 
makes it possible for us to reduce quite a – some $10 worth of system reduction relative to the last generation and still 
be higher performance and still be longer battery life. 

I think those things when taken into consideration has explained why now that people understand what Tegra 3 can do, 
and they realize it's really the right platform to invest in going forward. Now, the advantage of investing in Tegra 3 now 
is even more important when you consider the processor we have beyond it, which is the integration of Tegra and an 
LTE modem. All of the software effort that is invested into Tegra 3 translates directly into the mainstream product and 
entry level products towards the end of next year. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Lastly, could you give us an update on the CFO search? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're actively doing the CFO search. We're working on it very hard. However, because we 
have such a great team on board, and they're doing such a great job it gives me the luxury of looking for someone who 
is very seasoned, who understands the technology industry and someone who – somebody completely world-class. It 
buys me that luxury, which very few companies have, but we have such a wonderful team in place that we can find the 
opportunity to go look for somebody really, really truly great. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Thanks very much for taking my question. Congratulations on the quarter. Was wondering if you 
could give some 



<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Thank you. I was wondering if you could give some color on the Tegra 3 superphone wins that 
you're expecting. It sounds like in Q1 we might start seeing these? And you mentioned a higher volume opportunity. I 
was wondering if you'd give some color on that, and if that's inclusive of anticipating Windows 8 in 2012. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I understand your first question. I'm not sure I understand the second question. What is the 
higher volume opportunity? 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Well, where are you getting to your expectations for it to be higher volume than what you did in 
superphones with Tegra 2? And is that simply because you're, including the Windows 8 opportunity in that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Oh, okay. We're working very, very hard right now on all of these devices. I'll answer it 
backwards. The reason why we expect Tegra 3 to be more successful than Tegra 2 is one, we have much, much more 
experience in building these mobile devices than we did before. And there's not a single mobile – there is not a single 
cell phone company that I know who looks at us and say, "Do you know anything about building phones?" I think 
everybody is well past that. They think not only do we know how to build phones, we're fabulous at building phones 
with them. And so I think that the velocity of engagement is much greater than it used to be both on our side, as well as 
on their side. We have more phones in development now than we did in Tegra 2. We have more tablets in development. 
We have more OEMs than we had in Tegra 2 and then not to mention on top of that Windows 8. But even in the 
absence of Windows 8 we have more – far more OEMs and devices in development today than we did with Tegra 2. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: And did I understand you correctly, you expect to see those phones emerging in Q1? And then 
also with regard to your comments earlier around OMAP, how do you get the industry taking advantage of all quad – 
all four cores, the quad-core architecture especially when the mainstream is going be dual-core and I get the power 
savings, but beyond that applications that really take advantage of those capabilities. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we're working on these devices as hard as we can. And – but we're not device makers. 
And so my expectation is that Q1 is an appropriate time for most of these – many of these devices to come to market. 
But we'll get there as quickly as we can. 

Quad-core is already utilized by a lot of applications. And whether it's imaging applications, which, as you know, is a 
very large reason why you would like to have snappiness and processing capability on a mobile device. Whether it's 
computational photography or augmented reality or many of these type of new capabilities really need to have a lot 
more capability, a lot more processing. The way that you load a website, it's multi-threaded. When you play a game – 
most of these games are ported from, most of these high-end games are ported from engines that are developed already 
for game consoles and PCs. And both of those platforms are already heavily multi-threaded. I think there's a – there's 
six processors inside the Xbox, six threads and I think inside a PlayStation 3 there's a – gee, countless threads. I think 
something like 8 or 16 threads. And so these four threads is very usable by many of these that will be consumed by 
many of these applications. 

Operator 

Your next question come is from the line of Patrick Wang with Evercore Partners. 

<Q - Patrick Hsiang-Shih Wang>: Great. Thanks for letting me ask a question. I just wanted to switch gears here for 
a quick sec. You did quite well last quarter in Quadro. I was hoping you could just talk a little bit more about that 
opportunity I guess in terms of the near term, as well as where you're seeing growth in the emerging markets. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. Well, the emerging markets are just going into the design economy. When you think 
about China and India, I think that most people would say that these are economies that have been driven by 
outsourcing from the United States, and also, manufacturing revenues from opportunities from the West. But 
increasingly as the economy develops and their local consumption increases, their local economy will move and will 
transition to design economies as well. 


And so, whereas you need factories to outsource and you need PCs to outsource our IT jobs in order to move into the 
design economy, whether it's Tata or just recently one of the most ambitious digital projects in the history of India, 
Ra.One was done with nVIDIA's technology. And as you know, Bollywood is many times larger than Hollywood in 
terms of the number of movies and the number of fans that support that industry. And that industry's moving 
completely to digital as we have done here in the United States and in the West. Tata, the car company. In China, the 
focus of their economy is to move towards much more indigenous IP design and indigenous industrial design, and that 
requires workstations. 

Over time, I would expect that the size of the Quadro business will reflect the size of the economy. If China becomes as 
large as the United States, in terms of the size of their economy, I would expect the Quadro opportunity in China would 
be as large as it is here in the United States. And the same goes for India. 

<Q - Patrick Hsiang-Shih Wang>: I see, got it. That was helpful. And then I guess I also had two quick questions. 
One was on, I think Ivy Bridge you said that you expect to have much higher share on Ivy Bridge. I was hoping you 
could talk a little bit about that. And then also Project Denver, something that a lot of us are curious about, hoping you 
can give us a little update there. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: This cycle, our market share on the Intel platform was north of 50% overall. But we 
recognize that – and the reason for that success was a technology called Optimus that invisibly and auto-magically 
makes it so that the GPU can be in high-performance state or in extremely low-power state without intervention from 
the user. It just figures it out by itself. And as a result, you have very high performance when you need it and you have 
extremely long battery life when you need it. 

The thing that kept us from being even more successful is that our processor was – could have been more energy 
efficient in itself. And so one of the things that we dedicated ourselves to do with Kepler was to focus an enormous 
amount of our energy on creating an architecture that was energy efficient and the result is just really, really fabulous. 
And so our customers see that. They understand the benefit of it. And in combination between Kepler and Optimus, we 
just have a great solution. And we just have a great, great, great solution. And this is probably as competitive as we've 
ever been in the notebook segment. 

Project Denver, our focus there is to supplement, add to ARM's capabilities by extending the ARMs architecture to 
segments of the marketplace that they are not themselves focused on. And there are some segments in the marketplace 
where single-threaded performance is still very important and 64-bit is vital. And so we dedicated ourselves to create a 
new architecture that extends the ARM instruction set, which is inherently very energy efficient already, and extend it 
to high-performance segments that we need as – for our company to grow our market. And we're busily working on 
Denver. It is on track and our expectation is that we'll talk about it more, hopefully towards the end of next year. Until 
then, I'm excited as you are. 

<Q - Patrick Hsiang-Shih Wang>: Great, thanks so much, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yep. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, a few days ago, a major touch-screen controller 
vendor indicated that it saw some excess channel inventory in Android tablet. I'm curious, what checks do you have in 
place to gauge sell-through in your tablet and smartphone products to make sure that product is not piling up in 
inventory somewhere? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I guess our channel checks are no more magical than others. I think – Tegra 2 is the only 
device – it's a sole-sourced device in the devices that we're in. And so we have a relatively close relationship with our 
OEMs. And it really is not second sourced. I think that with respect to other components in the system, oftentimes they 


are second sourced and oftentimes they are cost reduced in the middle of the cycle. And we put a lot of our energy 
working with our OEMs, improving the overall bill-of-material cost of the system, even throughout the entire product 
cycle. And so, I can't really speak for what other people see. But so far what we see is relatively normal. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. And as a follow-up, can you give us a sense of what the unit or sales mix has been between 
smartphones and tablets this year? And what do you think it's sort of shaping up to be for next year? Because my sense 
is a lot of people are still somewhat skeptical about the Android tablet opportunity, maybe even more so after the 
launch of Amazon Kindle Fire. So, any sense of how much of your growth prospects depend more on tablets rather 
than smartphones? I think that would be a useful indication for us. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay. I think the overall mix is higher units in phones, but about equal mix, relatively equal 
mix in terms of overall revenues. 

In terms of tablets, Android tablets, I think that the early response was premature. It is the case that there are many 
things we could have done better, but it is also the case that the OEMs, ourselves, Google, really rolled up our sleeves 
and addressed many of the challenges that kept it from being more successful right off the gate. You see now that these 
tablets are much more affordable. They're available in multiple sizes, from 5-inch to 7-inch, to 8-inch to 9-inch to 
10-inch. Some of them are foldable. Some of them are transformable. And so there's all kinds of different types of 
manifestations and realizations of the Android tablet. My understanding is that the Android tablet has now grown from 
approximately 0% in the March timeframe to now about a third of the overall tablet market, and we represent about 
two-thirds of that. 

And my sense is that, that is going to continue to grow. One of the things that I really love about Honeycomb 3.2, and 
even more so with Ice Cream Sandwich is that the applications that you have on your smartphone will work 
wonderfully on your tablet and vice versa, and that the marketplace can now take advantage of the incredibly large 
install base of Android phones to support applications that would benefit the tablet. 

So I think that that strategy is ingenious, and I think that the Android team has done a fabulous job implementing that 
strategy so I think that, starting with Honeycomb 3.2 and surely all these various form factors and price points and 
device sizes, and then also Ice Cream Sandwich will surely accelerate that. 

I have a lot of – I'm very enthusiastic about the Android tablets, but having said that, the Android phone, the market is 
just enormous and growing quickly. I think in the United States, it's already the highest market share. I think there – the 
last month or last quarter it reached something like 64% market share, right, in the United States, pretty extraordinary 
growth. And in China, Android – or the base of Android surely is growing very, very quickly as well. So, I think that 
the smartphone market is going to continue to be very, very vibrant on Android. And that will only fuel, and that will 
only feed, the Android tablet market as well over time. And I think we're seeing all of those dynamics now. So, I'm 
much more enthusiastic about the tablet today than I was when it first launched. And I think the results would suggest 
that that's right. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. Just one last one, if I may. Over – quite a bit of cash, almost 30% or more of your market 
cap. You're also generating good levels of cash. What will it take to start buying stock more actively at these levels? 
Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's something we consider all the time. We just don't have anything to report today. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Uche Orji with UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Jen-Hsun, let me just start by asking you to help me understand how the 
economics of Tegra 3 works. You talked about taking out $10 of BoM. But obviously in a market where we've seen 
more and more low cost tablets being launched at ASP above $15 it's – I just want to understand, what are you taking 
out when you're talking about $10 worth of BoM? I just want to understand how with $15 ASP and above Tegra 3 can 


be economical within the lower-cost tablets market. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, without being too specific, because I don't think it really matters, I think the key is that 
the higher your power, the more you have to spend electronically to support it. And the lower your power, and the more 
energy efficient you are, the more you could reduce the system costs. And – or use external devices that are much more 
affordable, but consumes a little bit more energy because the core processor, which is where most of the energy is 
consumed, is so efficient. 

And so when you're looking at a tablet, and then you think about an application processor that's about $20, it doesn't 
represent a very large percentage of the overall cost, actually. And so the application processor is often not the issue. 
The issue is everything else. And what we've done is we've taken a holistic system approach, and we thought about the 
energy consumed by the backlight. We thought about the energy consumed by the memory and the rest of the system. 
And we were able to dramatically reduce that through architecture, and that's implemented in Tegra 3. 

So that's kind of at the highest level what we've done. And I think our customers are really excited by the system cost 
reduction we were able to bring them. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Great, just another question, please to follow up from that. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: In terms of the handset design wins you're getting, I mean, Tegra 2 started off with quite a few 
handsets, and obviously, the revenue kind of started out strong and flat-lined for a while. As we look at the design wins 
for Tegra 3, I have two questions. One is how much more confident are you that some of these design wins will 
suddenly translate to being revenue? Obviously, this is not something within your control, but I'm just trying to gauge 
your level of confidence. 

And then two, with more design wins, do you have to spend more OpEx to support it, and if your revenue doesn't come 
through, is there any flexibility as to being able to make your model a little bit less saddled with higher fixed costs 
where all the design wins are not necessarily shipping as aggressively? I don't know if you understand what I'm trying 
to say, but I'm just trying to understand if I look at the experience of Tegra 2 into Tegra 3, how should I believe the 
revenue will come through? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I'm more confident in Tegra 3 at this point than I was in Tegra 2 at this point a year 
ago. We have more design wins. We're better at it. We're surely much, much better at it today [Laughter] than we were 
a year ago. We have a lot more engineers who are engaging with a lot more customers, working on a lot more devices 
that will enter into the marketplace earlier than we entered into this year. 

By the time that we started shipping it was really dribbles and drabs in April. And I think we're going to go into this 
coming year with a pretty good running start. And so if you're asking me about my confidence, I'm surely more 
confident now with a year of building mobile devices behind me and the level of expertise that we've been able to 
develop over the years. 

And I think the reputation of our company, the trust that our OEMs now have in us, and the leadership position we have 
with our processor, Tegra 3, is pretty unambiguous. And so I think I surely feel more confident today than I did on the 
Tegra 2 cycle. 

With respect to investment, we're investing in both our notebook PC growth. We're investing in our PC growth, as well 
as our mobile devices growth, and we believe that we're addressing very large TAMs and irrespective of whatever 
experience, albeit I'm more confident right now, in your scenario, even in that scenario that you hypothesized about. 
I'm fully committed to this marketplace. I believe that the future is visual. I believe that the future is mobile. And we're 
going to invest into it. 

We're looking at a $25 billion TAM in some four, five years, and we're going to go after it. And so I think, irrespective 
of any unexpected hiccup in the short term, we're going stay determined and focused on building a great company. 


Operator 

Your next question is from Glen Yeung with Citi. 

<Q>: This is [indiscernible] (54:16) for Glen Yeung. This question is [indiscernible] (54:20) conference back in 
September, you gave fiscal '13 guidance. In light of what's going on in Europe and of course, the flooding issues 
impacting hard disk drives, can you just discuss whether there are any changes in your view or guidance? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I have no change in my guidance or in my projection, nor do I believe the short term 
information that we have necessarily warrants it. There – as we talked about earlier, it is really unfortunate what 
happened in Thailand. And in some areas, it would affect our business. In some areas it would benefit our business. In 
some areas it would have no impact on our business. And a large – a big part of our business, as you know, is in 
aftermarket retail purchase of graphics cards that people buy to enhance their PCs so that they can play the latest 
games. 

That's a very large market because the game market is so large. And I don't think that, that will be affected by the 
situation in Thailand. I don't think our mobile industry – Mobile business will be affected by it, if anything it will be 
affected in a positive way. I think that our Workstation business, which is very large and drives a larger part of our 
profit dollars will not be affected, and if anything it will be affected in a positive way. 

And so I think that there are many areas where it's unaffected. Some of it will be affected and some of it is positively 
affected. And so I think at the moment I wouldn't change anything. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Craig Berger with FBR Capital Markets. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just give us a brief update on Icera? When 
you might expect to get into a handset with that product, and also, share with us your view on, your view of integrated 
architecture versus discrete architecture, and how Tegra fits into the future there. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'll work backwards. Number one, I don't believe that it makes sense to integrate for tablets. It 
doesn't make sense to integrate for clamshells and mostly doesn't make sense for superphones. 

However, for the mainstream and entry-level smartphones I think it makes a lot of sense to integrate. And our plan, 
we're actively working on an integrated product. We're actively working on many non-integrated products as well for 
all of the segments that I described. For the integrated product, I hope that we'll have something to sample next year. 

And then with respect to the first question, Icera phones, we have several Icera phones with Tegra processors actively 
in development and racing to market as we speak. 

In the meantime, I think going forward, as well, for our standalone application processors, the Tegra processors, we're 
delighted to, and we continue to work with the standalone modem companies because there are many accounts and 
many customers where they have deep partnerships and a lot of experience with, and there are many where we have a 
lot of experience with. And I think that partnering with them is helpful to our combined partners and our combined 
customers. And the market is growing so rapidly that collaboration is surely better. 

Operator 

And your final question is from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Thanks for squeezing me in then. Jen-Hsun, you're absolutely right. You should actually 
go see Ra.One. It's a great movie. I was surprised to see your marketing guys did a great job with the product 
placement. It was right front and center. 


My question, a little bit longer term, you talked about it a little bit. What does ARMv8 give you? You talked about high 
performance computing. Are you also hoping to take that into low-power servers? And then just around that, how do 
the dynamics change because there's a lot of ARM licensees that you guys are the lead licensee for ARMv8? Thank 
you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Ambrish. Let's see. I guess, let's see. Where I do start? I think the Denver – I wanted to 
make sure that I don't repeat myself, but the Denver architecture is intended to extend the ARM instruction set into 
segments where ARM is not naturally likely to go themselves. And it's designed to be – to bring a new level of 
performance and efficiency to the ARM instruction set beyond where they currently are. And it's not because ARM is 
not able to design these things. It's because our market focus is perfectly aligned with ARM in some areas like mobile 
and tablets and clamshells, but in some areas that are very important to us, they're rather non-markets for them today, 
and we, in partnering with them, could add value by bringing the ARM instruction set into segments of the marketplace 
that are very important to us. 

There are also segments in the marketplace, and you mentioned high performance computing, there are segments in the 
marketplace that desperately would like to see an energy efficient instruction set architecture like massively parallel 
processing in supercomputing or in very energy efficient high throughput servers. And so these are opportunities that 
are very interesting to us as well. And as we get closer to the release of Denver, we'll reveal more and more of the 
strategies that are related to Denver. I think you're going be as blown away and as excited as I am. 

Operator 

And at this time, do you have any closing remarks? 

Rob Csongor 

No. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. We look forward to talking to you about our Q4 results, and we'll see you next 
time. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


