Company Name: NVIDIA 
Company Ticker: NVDA US 
Date: 2007-05-10 
Event Description: Q1 2008 Earnings Call 

Q1 2008 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Hara, NVIDIA's Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir; you may begin your conference. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Thank you Matthew. Good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the first fiscal quarter ended April 
29th 2007. On the call today for NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's President and Chief Executive Officer; and 
Marv Burkett, NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we begin today's call, I would like to take care of some general administrative items. Your lines have been 
placed on a listen-only mode until the question and answer segment of today's call. 

During this call, we will discuss some non-GAAP measures about net income, net income per share and gross margin 
and other line items from our consolidated statements of income when talking about our results. You can find a full 
reconciliation of these measures to GAAP in our financial release which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our 
website at www.nvidia.com. Unless otherwise noted all references to research numbers throughout the call come from 
Mercury Research. 

This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Please be aware that if you 
decide to ask a question, it will be included in both our live transmission as well as any future use of the recording. 
Also, shareholders can listen to a live webcast of today's call and view our financial release on the Investor Relations 
page of our website at www.nvidia.com. The webcast will be available for replay until the company's conference call to 
discuss its financial results for its second quarter fiscal 2008. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
Forward-looking statements, including statements as to our outlook, our second quarter, our products and technologies, 
our strategies, growth and growth drivers, market share, the uses for GPUs, the impact of new applications, pertain to 
future events and are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ 
materially from results discussed in any forward-looking statements. For a complete discussion of factors that could 
affect the company's future financial results and business please refer to the company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended January 28, 2007, and the reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us today, and except 
as required by law the company assumes no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast 
contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of May 10, 2007. Consistent with the requirements under 
Regulation FD, we will be providing public guidance directly in the conference call, and will be unable to provide 
significantly more information in offline conversations or during the quarter. Therefore, questions around our financial 
expectations should be asked during this call. 

At the end of our remarks, there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask questions, please 
limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow one follow up question. 

I will now hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 


Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Mike. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today, we are pleased to report revenue of 844.3 million 
for our first quarter. Compared to last year revenue grew 24% non-GAAP gross margin improved 290 basis points to 
company record of 45.4% and non-GAAP net income increased 48% over last year. GAAP gross margin also reached a 
company record of 45% and GAAP net income increased to 44% from a year ago. Our first quarter results reflect the 
growing importance of GPUs in our computing experience. Our Quadro GPU is at the center of the rapid adoption of 
digital techniques in nearly every industry from the design to styling to simulation. 

Our GeForce GPU benefits from the increasing importance of graphics processing in the fastest growing applications 
like Second Life, Google Earth, Blu-ray and HD-DVD and massive online games like the incredibly popular World of 
Warcraft. The creation and enjoyment of rich digital content creates growth engine for GPUs. Each of our product lines 
benefit from this trend and turned in a strong year-over-year performance. Desktop GPU grew 13%, notebook GPU 
grew 71%, MCP grew 25%, professional solutions grew 39% and mobile devices grew 49%. 

Let me highlight some of our recent business achievements. We captured a number one position in desktop graphics 
and increased our lead in five categories: total Standalone GPU; the performance segment; modern DirectX 9 and 
beyond GPUs; and Standalone Notebook GPU. Our GeForce GPU remains the unambiguous leader for the 
performance segment, maintaining a segment share of over 64% for 30 consecutive months, since the GeForce 6 
became the segment leader. 

In April we launched the industry's first top to bottom family of DirectX 10 GPUs, adding GeForce 8600, 8500 and 
8300 to our already successful GeForce 8800. We delivered PureVideo HD the industry's first full HD Blu-ray and HD 
processing solution for desktop and notebook computers from Acer, Alienware, Dell, HP, Sony and Toshiba. 

We expanded the reach of SLI with the launch of the new nForce 650i SLI for Intel processors. With a much lower 
price point we have significantly increase our addressable core logic market. 

We recently shipped the new GeForce 7050 motherboard GPU. Directly attached to the motherboard GeForce 7050 
bring NVIDIA's valuable brand of GPUs to the lowest cost segments. 

We launched the Quadro FX 4600 and FX 5600, our first professional solutions based on the workstation enhanced 
versions of G80 unified architecture. This new family of professional GPUs will enable capabilities not possible before 
and that we believe will drive a new cycle of growth. 

We extended our Quadro Plex family with its latest member; the Quadro Plex model IV which when coupled with a 
workstation or server enables previously unseen levels of visual computing density. 

And lastly our Gelato 2.1 film-quality renderer is now available. With a 100,000 downloads so far we are delighted that 
digital artists in a broad range of industries are incorporating Gelato into their creative and design pipeline. Let me turn 
the call over the Marv to discuss our financial results in more detail. I will return in moment to address our growth 
drivers for Q2 and beyond. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Jen-Hsun. Today we're reporting both GAAP and non-GAAP P&Ls for Q1 of fiscal year '08. The only 
difference between and the GAAP and non-GAAP is equity based compensation and its tax effect. 

Revenue for the first quarter as Jen-Hsun mentioned was 844.3 million, up 24% year-over-year and down 4% from Q4. 
We entered the quarter expecting a decrease in both MCP and memory revenue and both of those happened. However 
the MCP decrease was more than we expected because of weakness of AMD processors in the channel. 

Offsetting that, we had better than expected sales of both desktop GPUs and professional solutions. Desktop GPUs 
grew by 8% quarter-to-quarter, led by the new GeForce 8X products that we introduced during the quarter. In fact 
GeForce 8X products totaled more than 180 million in the quarter. In professional solutions, we grew by 11% 
quarter-to-quarter and achieved a record revenue of more than $140 million. MCP declined by 31% from the fourth 
quarter. PortalPlayer products accounted for $11 million in the quarter and all other product areas were relatively flat. 


I would like to mention here that we now view our company in four business segments. These segments are GPUs, 
which includes desktop, notebook and memory products; PSB, which is the Professional Solutions Business, which 
previously had only workstations, but now includes Gelato film renderer and GPU computing products. MCP, which is 
the same as it has been and finally CPB, which is Consumer Products Business, which includes mobile and that 
includes the former PortalPlayer business, X-box, Sony and embedded products. Those four segments we will report in 
our Qs and Ks. We will continue to give information on some of the product areas within each segment. 

For gross margin, we reported GAAP gross margin of 45% and non-GAAP gross margin of 45.4%. For the first time 
we crossed over the 45% mark, obviously we are pleased with this operational execution. During the quarter our gross 
margin benefited from the increase in Workstation revenue, but margins for the new GeForce 8 products were also 
excellent. 

I am proud to highlight the fact that we've improved gross margin for 11 consecutive quarters. And during this time 
non-GAAP gross margin has increased by 1,470 basis points. Non-GAAP operating expenses in the quarter were 204 
million which is relatively flat with Q4. We incurred a full quarter of PortalPlayer expenses instead for the one-month 
that was incurred in Q4 and this added about $10 million. But we did a good job of holding the line in other operating 
expenses. 

Headcount for the quarter was relatively flat with Q4. Depreciation in the quarter was 32 million and capital 
expenditures were 38 million. Tax rate for the quarter was 14% as we had anticipated. This resulted in a diluted 
earnings per share of $0.33 for GAAP and $0.42 for non-GAAP. 

On the balance sheet we exited the quarter with more than 1.3 billion in cash even though we repurchased $125 million 
in stock during the quarter at an average price of $31.58. The operating cash flow for the quarter was over $300 
million. 

Accounts receivable declined by 47 million to $472 million and remained very current with DSO at 50.8 days. 
Inventory declined by 22 million to 333 million and days sales in inventory remained constant at 65 days. There was an 
increase in GeForce 8X products and a decrease in the older products. Even current liability showed a small decline 
quarter-to-quarter. 

Now for the outlook, Q2 is usually the slowest quarter of the year for the PC industry. Even so we believe revenue in 
Q2 will be flat to slightly up. We will have growth in notebook GPUs and we believe MCP revenue will recover from 
the first quarter. These two factors should cover any seasonal weakness in the PC business. 

For gross margin, we will work very hard to have flat to slightly increasing gross margins. Operating expenses should 
grow approximately 3% to quarter-to-quarter and the tax rate should hold at 14%. 

With that I will turn it back to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Marv. During the first quarter, we enhanced our leadership position in our core GPU and MCP product lines 
although Q2 is the typically the weakest seasonal quarter for the industry, we are expecting our strong growth in 
notebook GPUs and MCPs plus share gains in desktop GPU to offset seasonality. The GeForce desktop and notebook 
GPU product lines both achieved record revenue in the first quarter, the continued ramp of the GeForce 8 family 
extends our long history of leadership in innovation, execution and time to market. Because of the technical 
discontinuities created by Windows Vista and HD-DVD and Blu-ray our customers want to deploy new platforms that 
meet the needs of these technically demanding requirements. 

With our top to bottom GeForce 8 family now shipping, we believe we are well positioned to increase our overall share 
of desktop GPUs. Coinciding with yesterday's official launch of Santa Rosa, we rolled out our GeForce 8 family of 
notebook GPUs. The new GeForce 8M series notebook GPUs are the world's first to support DirectX 10 and fully 
accelerate decoding of 1080p full HD movies. 

Playing HD videos on a notebook is a technically challenging – is a technical challenge solved by NVIDIA's 
PureVideo HD technology. PureVideo HD performs a 100% of the HD video decoding freeing the CPU for the other 
tasks and significantly reducing battery consumption, heat and noise we expect our notebook business to take a step 
function up as our numerous Santa Rosa designs continue to become a greater part of the overall notebook mix 


throughout the year. 

Although our motherboard GPU business was affected by the significant drop in AMD GPU sales in Q1. We do expect 
AMD to regain share in Q2. Going forward we intend and expect to continue our leadership position in the AMD 
processor market. 

In a performing segment we will leverage the significant position of SLI. In the mainstream segment the GeForce brand 
of motherboard GPUs and our single chip architecture gives us a competitive advantage. HP values this advantage and 
recently announced their choice of our new GeForce 6000 motherboard GPU to power their high volume consumer 
lines of PCs. 

Our nForce 6 family of discrete core logic for Intel processors continues to ramp. The nForce 680i and 650i are the 
highest performance motherboards for the Core 2 processors. They are also the only SLI motherboards for Intel 
processors. In this quarter we will sample our first GeForce motherboard GPU for the Intel market, which we expect to 
open up a significant growth opportunity for us. 

Overall we are cautiously optimistic about Q2 and expect our MCP business to grow despite industry seasonal declines. 
GPU computing continues to gather momentum. 

In February we launched a public Beta of CUDA SDK and quickly served thousands of downloads, researches scientist 
and engineers are using CUDA and G80 based GPUs to accelerate a wide range of problems from seismic analysis to 
medical image reconstruction and seeing dramatic improvements ranging from 10 to 100 times acceleration over the 
fastest CPU alone. 

We are also taking CUDA and GPU computing in to the classroom. Universities around the world have recognized that 
traditional microprocessor scaling has hit a wall. Without a fundamental change in today's processor architecture, 
computing performance can no longer scale with Moore's law. Parallel computing is generally believed to be the path 
to performing scaling. We are excited to announce that the Computer Science Department at the University of Illinois 
is pioneering a new class dedicated to GPU computing to prepare students for the parallel computing revolution. 

Students will learn parallel computing on G80 and CUDA. Most leading computer science universities are already 
doing research on GPU computing and discovering very exciting results. We anticipate many more leading universities 
around the world to offer parallel computing courses based on GPUs. 

At 3GSM we unveiled NVIDIA's first application processor, the GoForce 6100. The 6100 is a full computer on a chip 
and enables 480p resolution video playback and the longest battery life when playing digital music and video compared 
to current application processor technologies. The 6100 is designed for next generation personal media players and 
multimedia smart phones. Designs based on the 6100 are expected to ship later this year. 

Also at 3GSM we demonstrated the world's first implementation of the Khronos OpenKODE multimedia API for 
mobile devices. OpenKODE is an open industry standard that combines a set of APIs for handling multimedia tasks 
like 3D graphics, video, music and imaging. Application developers can now expect a comprehensive set of multimedia 
series from any mobile device that supports OpenKODE. 

Standards accelerate the innovation of everyone in the ecosystem. The availability of a stable robust and open standard 
will allow application developers to create exciting applications while accelerating the rate of innovation of application 
processor technologies that support OpenKODE. 

Let me stop here and we'd be happy to take your questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Michael McConnell [Pacific Crest Securities]. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Jen-Hsun wanted to know with ATI coming out with the new product line here shortly and 
there's been lot of concern about the pricing on the new product line. Can you address that and just your confidence 
looking through the remainder of the year that the company can maintain share or even maybe continue to take share in 
the discreet segment? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi Michael. Well first of all we take competition seriously all the time and this is an industry 
that has seen a lot competition over the years and I am not expecting any changes from that. We competed with AMD 
or I guess ATI now with AMD for quite some time. We know – we have pretty good understanding of what R600 is. 
And at the moment, we have three products in the enthusiasts' segment. The GeForce 8800 Ultra, GTX and GTS. GTS 
is the most affordable version of our enthusiast product and that's likely the product that the R600 will be positioned 
against. We've sold as you know several hundred thousand of those already and our momentum is very, very high and 
my expectation is that it will continue to be high. 

But more importantly in addition to our position in the enthusiasts' market, we are ramping really hard the rest of the 
performance segment, which starts with GeForce 8600 and below that is 8500 and below that is 8300. So my 
expectation is that we are planning far ahead with respect to our time to market and most importantly the architecture 
advantage that we have on GeForce 8 over what we know about the R600. Se we are cautious obviously with respect to 
competition. This is a company that knows how to compete, but our expectations are we will be quite successful. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: But in the discreet segment, how much is price effective weapon particularly in the mid 
range and high end historically? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well we have price – competitive price in many segments as I was trying to explain. In the 
enthusiast segment, we have three price points and they have one and our lowest end of the enthusiast segment is a 
better product than their highest end and the price, I believe you will discover to be very competitive. And, but price for 
the enthusiasts is just one factor I mean the most important factor is you want to buy a great product otherwise why 
would you be an enthusiast? 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: And if you look at the MCP business with respect to the AMD platform some of the 
design wins have started, are you expecting to maintain your MCP share on AMD platforms as we kind of move 
through the back-to-school season? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have won a lot of designs wins since their combination and our expectation is that we are 
going to continue to win our fair share of design wins. I don't know where our market share will be, but my sense is 
that we will continue to be very successful in that platform, and the reason for that is because we have to offer products 
to the marketplace that is very uniquely ours and bring a very, very specific perspective on products and SLI you can't 
get on a non-NVIDIA core logic. And so if you enjoy SLI, if you want a motherboard that works best with GeForce 
and considering the market share of GeForce my sense is that we will continue to be very successful there. With respect 
to the motherboard GPU segment, our single chip architecture, the value of the GeForce brand and the fact that our 
high definition video technology is far superior with PureVideo HD, you know my sense is that all of those things in 
combination is going to give us an advantage. But there is a lot of execution to do between now and then at the bottom 

– the bottom line and end of the day is you have to execute well. 
<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, Thanks Michael. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung [Citigroup Investment Research]. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Surprised that you guys operating expenses up for the next quarter. Can you just give us a sense as 
to what comprises that increase and may be give us a thought for the fiscal year, how you think OpEx will trend? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, you know we hired a lot of people and as you move through the year the expense goes 
up. So we expect to continue to hire people, I think we will hire a lot more in Q2 then we did in Q1 and that's 
anticipated in that expense level. You know 3% is – I call that a nominal quarterly increase. I don't expect that sort of 
trend line to change as we go through the year meaning that – and don't talk – I am not thinking about expenses going 
up more than 3% or so quarter-to-quarter. We're going to have to take a look at it when we get beyond that, but I would 
expect operating expenses to trend up over the year, but at a very nominal rate. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, and then... 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And Glen, let me just add something. I think the, I absolutely agree with Marv, and what 
we're trying to do here is invest in some really important growth opportunities. You know that we are now the only 
branded GPU supplier for the Intel processor market and that's an extraordinary opportunity. We've got to attack that as 
hard as we can. We have some exciting products that we're trying to bring to market as quickly as we can. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Can we... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hopefully this quarter we'll start to sample one. 

The second area of growth for us is GPU computing I have been talking about that for some time and if you comb the 
web you are going to discover some really exciting findings about what people are doing with that technology using 
GPUs for computing is a very important growth direction for our company. 

And the third is application processors, we are investing very aggressively in application processors we believe the 
future of mobile devices will become increasingly computer like and these computing devices require computer 
companies, computer technology companies who are terrific at building these things to come in and address it and I 
find this opportunity very, very exciting for us and we're investing very aggressively on that. 

So these three areas of investment are very important to us and leads to the expense increasing that Marv talked about. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay that makes sense, and maybe just as a kind of follow up to that. You always had good cash 
growth over the course of the last few quarters and even with this incremental expenditure it looks like you are going 
to, you're probably on a trajectory to keep growing cash. I wonder if you have any thoughts about how that may be 
used, whether that's increased buyback, a dividend or anything else? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, Glen we expect to continue to generate significant cash, I don't know that it will be 300 
million a quarter, but we would expect to generate significant cash through the remainder of this year and we're going 
to have to decide do we want to do nothing or do we want to do something like we have been doing which is a 
quarterly stock buyback or do something different. 

At this stage the Board has not decided that. So we will be looking into it and we'll be letting everyone know what we 
decide to do about that. We did purchase $125 million worth of stock in the fourth quarter. We don't have very much 
left in the authorization. Remember there was a $700 million stock purchase reauthorization from the Board; there's not 
very much left in that. So we are going to have to be addressing that very issue. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, thanks. I appreciate that. 

<A - Michael Hara>: Hello? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Nick Aberle [Caris & Company]. 

<A - Michael Hara>: Hello. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Can you hear me? 

<A - Michael Hara>: Yes. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Okay hey guys. So the question was with respect to Discreet Desktop GPU; we have seen 
ATI/AMD have numerous delays in their products over the last couple of years. The products are becoming a lot harder 
to design. Do you think that there is scope for the actual product cycle, design cycle for these products to actually 
lengthen here over the next couple of years? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well – it is the fact that the GPU is one of the most complex devices built anywhere in the 
world. It is probably the most complex device. Hundreds of people work on it for many years and the investment of 
building a new generation of GPU architecture is many hundreds of million of dollars and so it's not a undertaking for 
the light – the faint of heart and it's not an undertaking for anyone who is not absolutely passionate and world class at 
doing this. We have the benefit of a really, really great team, multiple teams and a company's system that's created 
around building extraordinary GPUs. We are really, really proud of our execution and it's a system that has served us 
well and frankly it's a system that the industry recognized to be absolutely superior. 


Now having said that we do know that each generation of GPUs is getting harder and harder to do but we have 
absolutely no intentions of slowing down the rate of innovation and we have absolutely no intentions of extending the 
life cycle of – the product life cycle of our products. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Got you and then secondly you referred to new Intel based on MCP product sampling in this 
quarter, are you referring to the single die IGP [Integrated Graphics Processor] and can you talk at all about what your 
expectations are for ramping that product at OEMs starting in Q2 or Q3? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah it is the single chip GeForce for the motherboard for the Intel processor and it is the 
first time in our company's history we have taken the GeForce architecture to a motherboard GPU product through Intel 
processors and we are very excited about that. We already have designs wins from OEMs and we are working our butt 
off to meet their schedule requirements. And so I am excited about the prospects of it and we will talk about the – in 
our business forecast for it as we get closer. 

<Q - Nicholas Aberle>: Thanks guys, good luck. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes thanks a lot Nick. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Chris Caso [Friedman, Billings, Ramsey]. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Thank you. I wonder if you could talk a little about the MCP business and you talked about your 
expectations for that rebounding into the next quarter. Can you just give a little more color there and what gives you 
confidence in that? What are you seeing in terms of order rates and inventory out in the market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well you know our, what we experienced with the MCP business was exactly what AMD 
experienced in the channel. And over the last quarter, and I think a lot of that has been discussed and much of it 
documented. And so obviously where there is an Athlon CPU there would be an nForce chipset that goes with it and 
our market share is relatively high. So we would experience quite a bit of the same thing that they did. We are seeing 
the sell through of AMD processors picking up significantly in the channel and I am sure many of you see that as well 
and it just, it reflects the fact that they have replenished the channel with Athlon processors. It is now price positioned 
in the right place. And it's a great product there is no reason why it wouldn't sell and so we are expecting the pick up 
again. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Okay, great. As a follow up on that with respect to the notebook business you guys have talked in 
the past about your expectations for gaining notebook share this year. Could you also talk bit about penetration rates of 
GPUs in the notebooks and specifically with Santa Rosa platform can you kind of quantify what you think may happen 
with regard to GPU penetration into notebook the market? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well we started, I think it was about five quarters – if we go five, six quarters back, I think our 
market share was about 20%. We left last quarter – about – at this time we're about 60% I would say. So from 20, 20 
some-odd percent five, six quarters ago to about 60% now and our expectation is that we ought to go out of this year 
either 70% or higher. That's compounded by the fact that the notebook business is growing faster than the desktop 
business and so our expectation is that the notebook business ought to do well for us. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: I guess just specifically with regard to the GPU business in notebook. Do you expect that to grow 
faster than say notebook units as whole as result of Vista and...? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You know, we're not really sure yet. We are going to have to play it by ear. I think that there 
is a couple of dynamics that really help. One dynamic is obviously the adoption of Vista. Almost every single notebook 
that's going out now will go out with Vista and with a GPU the experience is better. And so I think people know that 
and the adoption of GPUs have been relatively robust for that reason. 

There is a second and equally important reason that has to do with Blu-ray and HD-DVD. You know boy if you had – 
if you were buying a new notebook, you're going to want HD on it, you're going to want Blu-ray disc on it and the 
GeForce 8M and family is the only GPU on the market, or in the foreseeable future that has 100% of the video 
processing done on the GPU so that you can watch movies for the longest possible time. And so I think those two 
dynamics are really important as the drive cost of HD-DVD and Blu-ray disc comes down, you are going to continue to 


see increased demand for GPUs for that reason as well. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst [Hudson Square Research]. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Two questions if I may, first on the 6100 application processor, the design wins you've got lined 
up, would you characterize any of those or collectively as material or high volume? 

And then second question more kind of big picture looking at your press release where you referenced a market of 10 
billion GPUs over the next 10 years, maybe talk about with that model looks like for NVIDIA and blue sky, what is 
NVIDIA's market share, what does that do to ASPs as these become more mainstream and what does that do to your 
long-term gross margin target? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't talk about future customers and certainly wouldn't characterize them as material or 
not and so when we get closer we will talk about the business prospects of the 6100. But frankly, we are just really 
excited about the fact that this is our first application processor. We are excited about the customers that we are 
engaging and I can't wait to buy the products that we are in. 

With respect to the future of GPU business prospect, what – all the history may not be the trend. One of the things to 
realize is that this is probably the only semiconductor segment that I know of anyways and probably that you know of 
over the last ten years has increased in ASPs. We have increased the ASPs of our products over the last ten years, 
year-by-year and my sense of that that we have a good shot at continuing to do that. And the reason for that is because 
more and more of the computing experience that consumers want are more determined by the GPU whether its graphics 
or video or in the future interesting image processing or computing type of applications that requires the capabilities of 
the GPU. 

So I think the GPUs is just becoming increasingly important and the ASPs and the size of the marketplace reflect that. I 
don't really know how big our market share will be, but I do know this: there are very few companies and I can say, 
well I can say there are no other companies who is investing more in GPU technology than we are, is more talented at 
building this product than we are and is more focused at doing it than we are. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Understood. Maybe if I can just drill down on that ASP comment. I realize that's your large term 
view, but I guess I meant more on a blended basis as you are in mobile phones or in cards, PND [Personal Navigation 
Device] dashboards where it's not the same thing as being in an SLI desktop or workstation and looking at more on a 
blended basis over the very long run? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes and I guess it's still too hard to say right? And the reason for that is because we have 
GPUs that are going in the servers and we have GPUs going into power walls and we have GPUs going into broadcast 
stations. So GPUs are being used in just a whole lot more applications in the enterprise. And on the other hand the 
number of GPUs that are going into portable devices is obviously going to go up as well, so it's kind of hard to say. But 
I guess it's, I don't think really even know how important it is. All I know is whatever prediction I give you is likely to 
be smaller than that or likely be a lot bigger than that. 

<Q - Daniel Ernst>: Fair enough, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda [Lehman Brothers]. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Yes, actually Arnab Chanda, but anyway a couple of questions. First of all, you talked about, 
Jen-Hsun you talked about your notebook share like you want to get it to the 70% range. Clearly your performance 
leadership in desktop is well demonstrated. It seems like your share there is around 60 and there is a lot of share that 
you could directly capture in value and mainstream. Do you think that that's something you are interested to do or is 
that something that where, you are happy with your position, with your performance and you are going to go with that 


for now? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi Arnab, we never decline profitable business and so the lower end products also are 
obviously more cost effective to build, but our focus is this. I mean we just need to make sure that we are focused on 
the customers and if they would like us to serve them building notebooks or whatever it could be a multimedia extender 
to connect the PC to a TV. It could be a dashboard car navigation system. I mean it doesn't really matter. If we could 
add value and the customer needs us to help them we are delighted to do it. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Okay, one another question. Historically if you look at the MCP segment you have pretty good 
share with AMD. Intel historically used to take 70% of its own business and leave 30 for five people to fight over. Do 
you think that, what do you think is a realistic share for non-Intel the way the business is going, because I am assuming 
you made some strategic evaluations whether you want to go into the segment or not I mean it's different from the past, 
so how big can that business be if do you think relative to what you already have with AMD? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah I would say comparing us to a historical chipset supplier is probably not the most 
prudent way of anticipating our success in the future. No one would have predicted our success and the value that we 
brought to the AMD platform not one person. 100% of the people that I talked to going into the chipset business told 
me that we are going into a commodity business for that matter 100% of the people I talked to about PC graphics told 
me that GPU is going to be a commodity business and a lot has changed. 

I think the bottom line is you need to be able to add value. You need to have imagination. You need to have the 
creativity to add value and bringing experiences and products that are really surprising to people and look, one of the 
most successful companies on the planet today is building PCs and I think Apple does a pretty fabulous job building 
products and they surprise us everyday. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Jen-Hsun just last question or maybe for Marv. You know historically, you have confined your 
critics and skeptics where you've gotten your gross margins to. Now that we are past 45% what do you think, would 
you like to reestablish another perhaps goal for yourselves or tell us on Wall Street what you think you can get? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: [Laughter]. Higher. We are going through that and the question is what – within which 
timeframe and I can envision a business a couple of years out that generates in the 50% gross margin. Is that going to 
happen this year? Probably not. Who knows? Maybe, maybe not, but I can certainly envision a 50% gross margin 
business several years in the future. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: And if you sorry just last question with that. You talked about your operating expenses 
growing 3% for the rest of the year, is there a theoretical concept that you'll employ if you get X percent and X number 
of dollars in gross profit how much you will put in OpEx versus give to the shareholders? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, I mean right now our business model has OpEx at around 23 to 24%. If we can get our 
gross margins even higher I will certainly share that between higher R&D and higher operating income. In the past, we 
generated most of – we called the operating expense in the 23, 24% range and virtually 100% has flowed through the 
increasing the operating income. We have lots of ideas, lots of things that we want to do and I don't think 100% of it 
should go into R&D, but probably 100% of it shouldn't go into operating income, we need to share it as we go forward. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And just as operating model, operating principle I guess over the course of a year we tend to 
operate to a principle that we should pass more of it to the operating income line than to our OpEx line. And so, and 
that comes from growth in the top-line and it comes from growth of gross margins. And I think, we've stayed true to 
that operating model and my expectation is that we will stay true to the operating model this year. 

You know don't forget that it takes some extraordinary people to work on improving your gross margins, so we do have 
to increase, increase staffing and increase our operational capability in order to derive greater gross margins. And we 
know where we need to invest and the areas that we invest in typically does improve in gross margins as you have seen 
over the last 11 quarters and we have many ideas that we are pursuing even now. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: It does seem like you have done some extraordinary things with the quality of people so 
congratulations thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you very much I appreciate that. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Tayyib Shah [Longbow Research]. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Hi guys congratulations on the quarter. Can you update us on what the split in the MCP revenue 
is between Intel and AMD and where would you expect Intel's share of your MCP revenues exiting calendar '07? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I guess we haven't we never broken that out before, but I think it's fair to say that Intel 
revenue contribution is increasing quarter-over-quarter and we expect it to increase again and so it's significant. Over 
time I guess we probably expect to have higher share on the AMD platform relative to Intel, but the Intel TAM is four 
times bigger and so hard to say exactly what the balance will be, but my expectation is the Intel platform will represent 
a sizeable opportunity for us. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Okay and then the new 8000 series products that came out based on the early design wins you 
have, are you seeing some share gain in the desktop discrete side in the July quarter or is it something you would 
expect to happen in later quarters? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm not sure I understand the question. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: I mean the new 8000 series products that came out, are you seeing some market share gain in the 
discrete desktop side because of them? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I see, I hope that we increase our market share on discrete desktop. I hope that we will. And 
we're going to do everything that we can to increase our share in discrete desktop. We expect to increase our share in 
discreet notebook and discrete notebook is obviously growing faster than discrete desktop. But nonetheless, I mean our 
intention is to increase share. 

<Q - Tayyib Shah>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Gurinder Kalra [Bear Stearns]. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: ...cited MCP as notebooks as drivers, you didn't mention desktop but I would gather with your 
entire G80 family being entrenched by the time you roll into the July quarter, that also should be a driver of revenues? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, I mean what makes us cautious about that is the normal seasonal weakness in the PC 
industry in Q2. I think, our product positioning in desktop GPUs is excellent going into the second quarter. So, the real 
issue I think is what happens from a market standpoint more than anything else. If the market is fairly robust then what 
you're outlining is a very plausible scenario. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Okay, thanks. I just have a follow on question. Now in terms of the Sony PS 3, can you just 
tell us how that ramp is progressing and if there any other design wins or product cycles you might be working on with 
Sony? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We'd rather not comment on Sony's progress. Those are, you should really ask Sony about 
how they are ramping, but I understand that they had a really terrifically successful European launch and aside from 
that we don't comment on future products. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Okay, thanks very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you Gurinder. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski [Goldman Sachs]. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Hi, thank you very much. Jen-Hsun, I just wanted to follow-up first on your comments on 
the competitive environment, just a little bit bigger picture. I mean, do you think that with the R600, we are going to 
kind of go back to the old days of leapfrogging each other or do you think that you have pulled ahead enough now in 


terms of your roadmap that you can maintain your share gains and pricing power sort of longer term? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. Hi Simona. It is really a fallacy that there is a leapfrogging. Leapfrogging only comes 
from the mouths of the losing team. I just never internalize a notion of leapfrogging. You know, we have been – in the 
course of the last I guess 10 years, that's a lot of months and a lot of quarters. I remember, and by all of our own fault 
executed quite badly on one particular cycle, the GeForce FX. And of course the memory of the analysts are tend to be 
shorter than corporate memory, but, because you guys don't watch our industry day in and day out like we do. But in 
the ten years that was the cycle we lost and that's – and then from that one cycle people interpret that there is a 
leapfrogging going on. 

I don't think there is anything fundamental about technology that requires you to be – to fall behind every six months. 
And there is – it's not like the way sun comes up or moon comes up, it's just, it doesn't do that. Great companies and 
people who are good at what they do, should be able to retain their leadership position for a long, long time to come 
and so that's my expectation with my team and that's what they have done over the years and they have done it for you 
for 30 straight months and my expectation is that they are going to do it for you for quite a long time to come. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: So just specifically with your share being close to 60% now on the desktop side that's 
something you guys view as very defensible, and you think you can expand on that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the market share is a reflection on the value of the products that you build. And I think 
that my expectation is that we continue to be very creative and imaginative and bringing products to the marketplace 
that the market will really love. And so that's our job to do. And if we don't do that then we are going to lose our market 
share, it's really that simple. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay, thank you for that, and then just another quick question on the market overall. We 
see that in the first quarter the desktop graphics market on the discrete side was actually quite a bit better than normal 
seasonality. And I am just wondering if you, why you think that it is? Do you think there is maybe a slowing down of 
the trend of integrated encroaching on the discrete side, is there a Vista effect, was it just an aberration, if you have any 
perspective at all and maybe how that reflects on the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, Simona, it's possible that every idea that you came up with are the right ones and when 
you were asking the question those were some of the ideas that came to my mind as well. Vista makes a difference. 
DX10 makes a difference. The fact that it's a brand new generation of GPUs and markets love it when it's something 
really, really fresh and very different than before. High-definition video, and Blu-ray DVD, and the introduction of our 
PureVideo HD, that makes a difference and I know the enthusiasm around that in the video enthusiast market is quite 
high and so it could be a combination of all of those things. It could be a combination of the fact that supply chains are 
in fact getting longer, that the manufacturing done in Asia is being put on a ocean going ship and shipped over to the 
various countries in time for back to school and so some of that stuff plays a role as well. So it's kind of hard to say 
exactly Simona, but we saw what you saw, which was the GPU market seems to be pretty brisk right now. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Thank you so much and just a last question just on your new segmentation, should we read 
into that in any way that maybe the general purpose, the GPU computing side of your business might be more 
meaningful in terms of revenues earlier on than we are all expecting? Is that one of the reasons why you're 
re-segmenting the business now? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: We hope so. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah we do hope so. And I think that the enthusiasm in the marketplace is giving us a lot of 
encouragement that are going down the right path. You know this is an investment that has taken us some five years to 
get here and we have been talking about parallel computing now for some time. And we have invented a great deal of 
technology now to get us in the situation that we're enjoying some of the fruits of our labor. So I am excited about the 
response from the marketplace. And I hope it turns into growth for our company and I expect it to. 

Simona, I just want to make one more comment about integrated graphics. And you know you are increasing hearing us 
characterizing integrated graphics as just the GPU business because it is the GPU business to us. And what we're 
putting, what we put on the motherboard is one chip. It's a single chip, it sits on the motherboard and it's just a GPU. 
And this GPU for us is as profitable and certainly from an ASP perspective higher than our low end GPU and so we're 
certainly very, very, enthusiastic to bring GPU technology right to the motherboard. And over time I hope that and I 
think you will see this that we are the only branded GPU company in the world that can serve both markets and will 
serve both markets, AMD and Intel very enthusiastically and hopefully that turns into growth for us. 


<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Great, thank you so much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah thanks Simona. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster [J.P. Morgan Securities]. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yeah, good afternoon thank you. Very good job on the gross margin Marv you now that you 
thrown out that 50% number I am sure it's a considered number, can you help us understand what levers NVIDIA can 
pull on to help us get from here at 45 through to 50%? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: You know this is things that we've gone through before Shawn. Mix is a huge factor in this. 
The better that we do in the what we call the professional services business unit which includes not only workstations 
but now also includes compute and other things I think a key factor is how big that business gets how quickly. The 
quicker it gets to a you know a very significant business the better the margins are going to do because that's a high 
margin business. But setting that aside we still see ways to improve the margins in the rest of the businesses. As 
Jen-Hsun just mentioned the single chip GPU on the motherboard is a very nice margin business very good, higher than 
lot of our other businesses right now and we see ways to improve the overall margins in the desktop and notebooks 
GPU business. I will point out again which I have told you before that the margins on the G8X family are very good. 
Even better than the G7X family, so we still see ways to improve the margins of those businesses. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay great. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And Shawn remember that we've been improving our gross margins and it's not because we 
are raising prices. We are still in a very competitive market. And the competition is always there for us and we're 
expecting them to be there. There's a lot of smart operational improvement things that we have been doing over the 
years. And you guys have seen the benefits of those over the last 11 quarters and I'm hoping that you will continue to 
see them because we still have many ideas of ways to improve our company. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay and then turning to shorter term I guess in terms of when you look into Q2, can you 
characterize your visibility and backlog going into Q2 versus how it was coming into Q1 and maybe what you'd 
normally expect to see coming into Q2? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: You know, it's inherent in this business that you don't have a lot of visibility in any quarter and 
I don't think Q2 is any different than Q1 from that standpoint. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The most important thing Shawn is just make sure that we understand the strategic position 
of our products. That's the single most important area of judgment and we study that carefully. The other part of it of 
course is all of the OEM design wins that we have in notebooks and desktops and workstations and whatnot and you 
know those type of design wins we have a lot more visibility in. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay and then I guess final question, can you give us an update on to the extent you can on 
your 65-nanometer transition? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, all of our new designs are going to 65 and 55 and so we have already ramped 65. I 
guess I am not sure I understand the question, are you... 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: I guess when are we going to start seeing significant volume shipments on the 65 front and 
since you brought it up the 55, I guess? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We will be in 65 certainly very significantly this year. So what that would imply is soon. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, great, thanks a lot. Good job guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot Shawn. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Thanks Shawn. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Devan Moodley [Scotia Capital]. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Hi guys. Just want to follow on the comments made about integrated graphics and GFx or 
G8X. How soon you think you are going to get the G8X family into that sort of motherboard single-chip solution and 
what is your general strategy for the integrated laptop market, which is the one that's really growing? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, because our market share of integrated graphics for the Intel market is well I guess 
exactly zero percent right now, any segment of that market is a growth opportunity for us. I guess I would expect that 
NVIDIA will have DX10 and high-definition video in a motherboard GPU earlier than any other company in the world. 
That would be my expectation and so and that ought to be I hope this year. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Okay, and just, I want to get back to GPU computing. You have been talking about it a lot 
Jen-Hsun. You have put out some TAM numbers talking about the current market being about 10 million thinking your 
new markets will go to 30. Can you give us some context of that incremental gap between 10 and 30, how much of that 
is GPU computing, how do we think about how we get there from here in terms of time and is that business better than 
corporate average margins right now? I'm assuming it is. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Devan, I have to be honest, I am not really sure how big that market's going to be. My feeling 
is that's going to be a lot bigger than we expect and a little bit the same feeling that we had when we first started our 
GPU product business and it exceeded everybody's expectations. And the reason for that is just our imaginations for 
how you could use a GPU has grown over the years and it started from workstations and then it went into PCs but now 
it's everywhere, now it's wherever there is a computing device and you have a large display. 

So now game consoles and now handheld devices and with devices like iPhones coming out, the visual experience is 
becoming increasingly important and devices like Apple TV has GPUs inside. And it's all of the sudden there are car 
navigation systems and everywhere you have a large format display, you are increasingly going to find GPUs behind 
them and so I think GPU computing is the same way that we do know this; the number of serious problems to be solved 
in the world is really significant and the country has had a, if you will, supercomputing crisis. Nobody has really 
invested in supercomputers for quite some time and yet we know that many of the fields whether it's biology or 
genomics or finance there are gobs of computational techniques. And you know that in your own firm, computational 
finance is a very important part of how you guys derive your competitive advantage, computational genomics, 
computational chemistry, computational entertainment. I mean there is so many different ways of using extraordinary 
amounts of computational horsepower. And, so I am not exactly sure how big it's going to be but my instincts are, this 
is going to be a really, really significant market. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Will we see GPU computing revenue before the end of the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I really hope so. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers this afternoon. I would 
now like to turn the call back over to Jen-Hsun Huang for closing remarks. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Over the past 10 years, we have delivered a cumulative 500 million GPUs, over 100 million of which shipped in the 
last year alone, but this is just a beginning. Over the coming years GPUs will be pervasive in handsets, automobiles, 
game consoles, media centers and a wide range of devices not yet conceived. With the investments we've made, we see 
a clear path to shipping several hundred million GPUs per year. We have a focused and clear strategy to continue to 
expand the GPUs ability to enable and enhance a broad range of applications and to extend the reach of GPUs to an 
ever growing range of devices. The multiplicative effect from increasing the number of GPU applications on the 
number of devices with GPUs, creates significant opportunities for us. 


Over the next 10 years, we estimate over 10 billion GPUs will be needed to power PCs, mobile devices and all these 
not yet invented digital devices. As the only standalone GPU company in the world, we have a great responsibility and 
amazing opportunity. We look at the years ahead as the era of the GPU. 

Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to reporting on our progress for Q2. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


