Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Doug Freedman 
• Ross Seymore 
• Jim Schneider 
• Uche Orji 
• Glen Yeung 
• Hans Mosesmann 
• Daniel Berenbaum 
• David Wu 
• JoAnne Feeney 
• Tim Luke 
• Robert Pikover 
• Simran Brar 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. Thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Michael Hara, Senior Vice President, 
Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the third quarter of fiscal 2010. With me on 
the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David White, Chief 
Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open the call up to question-and-answer session. Please limit 
yourself to one initial question with one follow-up. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations 
website and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until November 12, 
2009, and the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our fourth 
quarter fiscal 2010. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future results and businesses, please refer to the 


disclosure in today's earnings release on our Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended July 26, 2009, and the reports on 
Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All of our statements are made as of today, November 5, 2009, based on information available to us today and, except 
as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all references to 
research market and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

During this call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on our website. 

We are making a few changes to our format, moving forward. As you may have noted, we posted David's financial 
overview on our website prior to today's call. In addition, I will be providing the corporate overview, and Jen-Hsun will 
be available for the question-and-answer portion. With that, let's begin. 

We continued to make good progress in the third quarter. GP demand continued to steadily increase, driven by a 
healthy marketing environment and new applications that require GPUs. Our unprecedented investments in parallel 
computing are creating change and opportunity, and are the foundation of our growth in the coming year. 

We believe we are in the midst of a giant leap in computer graphics. The GPU continues to advance the most parallel of 
applications, 3-D graphics. And it is now poised to revolutionize a wide range of industries by making parallel 
computing mainstream. Consumers' needs have changed, and the GPU is key to meeting them. The internet is today's 
killer app, and social media, video, and digital photography have seen massive growth. These are highly parallel tasks 
that are much better suited to a GPU than a CPU. From handhelds to data centers, today's most important computing 
problems are parallel. 

For handheld devices, parallel computing on GPUs delivers rich media and enables an uncompromised internet 
experience. The first Tegra devices, the Microsoft Zune HD and the Samsung M1, started shipping in Q3. 

PC gamers are aggressive adopters of new technology. Just as SLI permanently changed the meaning of high-definition 
gaming, PhysX and 3-D stereo are bringing an even more profound change, making games surprising and magical 
again. Because of the extraordinary impact PhysX has on game-playing experience, it has the potential to be a defining 
feature of gaming PCs, just as SLI is today. 

Parallel computing also provides 3-D stereo for movies and photos, and remarkable speed-ups for photo and video 
editing. In the future, even PCs that already have a graphics controller integrated with the CPU will require a GPU to 
compute. Professional users will greatly benefit from the combination of computational graphics and parallel 
computing. Even for pure graphics applications, parallel computing is being used to make images more realistic by 
simulating the real world from PhysX to photons. Movie production houses that worked on Terminator Salvation and 
Star Trek ran color grading and image processing 20 times faster using parallel computing on NVIDIA GPUs. 

Our leadership position in innovative software, parallel programming languages, development environments, libraries 
for PhysX, ray tracing, scene management, and many other aspects of a visual computing solution will not only solidify 
our market share; it will expand the size of the business. 

Data centers are constrained by space, power, and cooling. So the improvements from parallel computing in 
performance per watt and performance per cubic foot are game changing. Tesla development clusters are at 33 of the 
top 500 supercomputing sites. Oak Ridge National Labs announced in September that it plans to build the world's most 
powerful supercomputer with our GPUs. 

But GPUs in the data center represent more than just evolution. They are a discontinuity that opens up new application 
and grows the entire market. For example, we've recently announced RealityServer, a powerful combination of GPUs 
and software that streams interactive, photorealistic 3-D applications to any web-connected PC, laptop, netbook, or 
smart phone from the data center. A rendering that used to take hours and require highly skilled technical specialists 
can now be developed interactively by designers and artists. RealityServer is an example of the future of 3-D web 
applications. 


Momentum behind parallel computing is unlike anything in the industry. We held our first GPU technology conference 
last month, and even after closing registration early, we were oversubscribed by 50%. 1,500 people from over 40 
countries listened, learned, and shared during 200 hours of sessions. At one point, more than 35,000 people were 
watching online. 

Also at GTC, we announced our revolutionary Fermi compute architecture. Fermi-based products will become the 
foundation of our most powerful processors ever, targeted for both graphics and computation. We continue to invest 
deeply in programmability, and Fermi now provides the capability to write applications in C++. 

We've created a development environment, code-named Nexus, which integrates into Microsoft Visual Studio and is 
the world's first unified programming environment for a color computing architecture with a CPU and GPU in a 
co-processing configuration. 

NVIDIA's growth strategy is simple and singular: be the absolute best in the world in visual and parallel computing to 
use GPUs to transform computing experiences. The GPU will be incorporated into all kinds of computing platforms 
beyond PCs. By focusing our R&D efforts to advance visual and parallel computing, we are creating breakthrough 
solutions to address some of the most important challenges in computing today. 

Let me now hand the call over to David. 

David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Q3 was a strong quarter, driven by an improving PC market and better mix. Revenue was $903.2 
million, above our guidance and up 16% sequentially, making the third consecutive quarter of top line strong growth. 

Gross margin was 43.4%, 41% on a non-GAAP basis, significantly higher than guidance. GAAP operating expense 
was just under $284 million, marginally above guidance. And GAAP net income was $107.6 million or $0.19 per 
diluted share. Non-GAAP income was also $0.19 per diluted share. 

Our core GPU business was particularly strong, up almost 25% sequentially. Within that, our desktop and notebook 
GPU segments were up 19% and over 41% respectively quarter-over-quarter. While demand was strong, we were 
supply-constrained throughout the quarter, particularly in our 40-nanometer products. 40-nanometer products for 
desktop and notebook constituted 19% of our total GPU revenue in the quarter. 

Our professional business saw another quarter of growth, up 11% sequentially. While revenues in this business are still 
well below their levels of a year ago, quotation activity continues to gain momentum and is encouraging. 

Gross margin improved sequentially as a result of several factors: significantly higher than anticipated unit sales of 
GPUs; improved 55-nanometer yields, as well as other cost reductions; and more favorable product mix across 
businesses, and particularly better mix within the GPU business itself. 

Inventories at the end of the quarter were essentially flat compared with the prior quarter. Inventory days on hand 
improved to 47, calculated on a non-GAAP basis, a four-day improvement over the second quarter. Inventory in the 
channel remains very low at around a month. With demand outstripping supply, we don't see OEMs at the channel 
building inventory. 

Our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 is as follows. Revenue is expected to be up slightly, approximately 2% 
from the third quarter. While revenue from 40-nanometer products is expected to grow significantly 
quarter-over-quarter, we expect 40-nanometer products to be supply-constrained throughout the quarter. 

GAAP gross margin is expected to be 40 to 42%, essentially flat with Q3, excluding the insurance reimbursement. 
GAAP operating expenses are expected to be in the range of 305 million. This is up from the third quarter, due 
primarily to our fourth quarter comprising 14 weeks versus the usual 13 weeks, as well as costs relating to a record 
number of product bring-ups. 


This concludes our formal remarks. So at this time, we'd like to open the call up for questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Doug Freedman with Broadpoint 
AmTech. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Hi, thanks for taking my question, guys. First off, congratulations on a very strong quarter. I 
guess I would start with – we've seen several quarters now where you've significantly exceeded your guidance. Can you 
talk a little bit about the business processes that you have in place to forecast your business and whether you're finding 
yourself sort of short of product going forward as a result of not really getting accurate forecasts from your customers 
in your channel? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, Doug, our process starts really at the 
very baseline of our field sales force, and we gather forecasts from the field, both the OEMs and to the extent we can 
through the channels. We also at the same time try and correlate that with what market forecasters expect to be growth 
rates in the various end markets we participate in. And from that, we set revenue plans. And from that, we set wafer 
start plans ultimately. 

I think the challenge for probably everyone in the industry right now is that demand has been more robust than what 
anyone has been able to particularly foresee. And given that you've got a 12-to-13-week lead time from the date you 
decide that you want more volume to the date that you can ship that volume, we're being surprised by robust demand 
within that lead time. 

And so it's a good thing in some respects. I think the downside for us has been that, as a result, we have been 
supply-constrained. But we do look at a number of different inputs as it relates – in terms of compiling our forecasts 
and trying to challenge our crystal ball, so to speak. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right, if we could sort of move in and sort of focus in on one segment of the business, the 
chipsets, it appears during the quarter you guys have made a little bit of a change in tone towards the outlook for your 
chipset business. Can you talk about that? And can you talk a little bit about what's going on over with the AMD 
chipsets, the downturn there you attribute to their supply constraints? Is there any thought that you might be also 
possibly experiencing some share loss in that piece of business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, Doug, this is Jen-Hsun. Our primary AMD chipset today is a chipset called the MCP61. 
The MCP61 is the only single-chip solution in the marketplace today, and it enables the lowest cost solution for an 
AMD platform. There's really at this point nothing that I know how to do, nor do I believe anybody else can build a 
chipset that is as low cost at a system level as MCP61. 

You know that the AMD market is primarily mainstream desktop. And then you also know that for a variety of reasons 
AMD CPUs lost share last quarter. And so when AMD CPU loses share, they lose share primarily in the mainstream 
market, and so that's basically what we experienced. I don't think we lost any share within the AMD CPU market. I 
think the AMD CPU lost share in the mainstream desktop PC market. 

If the AMD CPU recovers in share, relative to Intel, we'll grow the MCP61 business again. And so my expectation is 
that for the foreseeable future, certainly well beyond several quarters, the MCP61 is going to be a wonderful chipset for 
AMD processors. 

The second question is longer term about our chipset. You know that we have a dispute with Intel. And it is now 
impossible for us to build next-generation chipsets with all the allegations that they're making in the market and with 
the dispute hanging over it. We have one major generation of the current architecture post MCP79. It is a really 
exciting new MCP next-generation, and we're expecting it to be very successful. The customer feedback has been quite 


wonderful. 

And while MCP79's GPU capability already far exceeds that of Arrandale, MCP89 will take it that much further. And 
so MCP89 is our next major generation of this architecture. And so we're expecting our chipset business overall to do 
quite nicely through next year and beyond. 

The only thing that I have said, and I want it to be very clear, is that we have no intentions at this point of building a 
DMI-based chipset. But otherwise we have ongoing investments, as well as chipset developments in the current 
architecture. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great, thank you for that clarity. And I'll jump back in the queue for the follow-ups that I do 
have. 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Thanks a lot, Doug. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: Hi, guys, and congrats as well. Very strong quarter, especially on the margin side. I guess from 
an end demand perspective, first and foremost, beyond the limitations on the supply side, are you seeing any sort of 
abnormal seasonality or inventory-related impact on demand as we look into the fourth quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, demand is really strong. We came into this quarter with very, very strong demand 
again. Last quarter, we were supply-constrained from the very first day of the quarter, and it got more and more 
challenging as demand continued to grow. I think that Mercury Research showed that we lost market share. I think we 
did lose market share. We came out of the quarter not being able to fulfill several million units of demand on us, not to 
mention the terms business that would've been on top of that. And so the demand on our GPUs at the moment is very, 
very, very, very high. 

Is it because of Windows 7? It could be. I hope that it is. And I hope that it's because people's PCs are getting rather 
old, and they could use a refresh. I hope that it's because the adoption of GPUs is higher than before. 

And so we're seeing very, very strong demand at the moment. I expect us to be supply-constrained, and the projections 
that we're giving you guys are the supply-constrained forecasts. And so I'm expecting us to be supply-constrained, and 
we're going to fight really hard to make up as much as we can. But the demand is pretty strong out there right now. 

<Q - Ross Seymore>: I guess as a follow-up, also looking at your MCP business, it was helpful to hear how you think 
it's going to play out. But if we try to get a little more granular on that, the fact that you're not planning to do any of the 
DMI side of things – you're at 250 million in revenues now. When do you think it starts to impact your overall chipset 
business that you're making the choice, or Intel's forcing the choice, that you won't be supporting the new architecture? 
When would we start to see that on the revenue side of the equation? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: My sense is that we'll see our – and I'm just giving you my crystal ball. Who knows? But 
based on our analysis, my sense is that our chipset business ought to peak probably around Q3, Q4 next year. And then 
they'll ramp-down from there. And it just depends on available CPUs that we can connect to, customer demand for Ion, 
so on so forth, our competitiveness relative to Arrandale, Arrandale CPUs. 

Arrandale has integrated graphics, but MCP79 already has better GPU technology, and MCP89 takes that even further. 
And because Windows 7 requires direct compute and open CL and direct compute are becoming increasingly 
important, what we call GPU computing, I think that the disparity between our MCP and Intel's integrated graphics is 
growing, not shrinking. And it's growing by leaps and bounds at the moment. 

And so I think those are all play factors. But without much estimation, I think that our chipset business is likely to 
continue to grow for the foreseeable future, or has the opportunity to grow certainly. 


<Q - Ross Seymore>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Yes. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs & Company. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess first of all on the gross margins, could 
you maybe give us some quantification about how much of that improvement was driven by improved mix with the 
transition to 55- and 40-nanometer and how much was driven, sorry, by better product costs based on that or better mix 
based on more workstations or just higher-end GPUs? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We haven't broken that stuff out, but I think that this quarter it's pretty clear that everything 
grew. If you were following us in previous quarters, you knew that 65-nanometer was an element of our gross margin 
drag that we had to work through. And as of last quarter, we had worked that mostly out of our system. And so we are 
freshly – we are all 55- and all 40-nanometer. 

Gross margins on 55- and 40-nanometer products are similar. There's more – 55 is fine, is a perfectly fine gross margin, 
and so will 40 be. And so that I think in terms of our main business, core mainstream business, it would be not having 
any 65s or having very little 65s that plays the biggest factor. 

The second thing is PSG overall growing is very high leverage for us. You know that our position in the workstation 
business is very high, and that it's high not because we have a fast chip only. It's high because the workstation business 
is really a solutions business. And we offer tools and compilers and what we call application acceleration engines like 
ray tracing engines and scene graphs and shader compilers. And they're integrated into design tools and CAD 
applications all over the world, not just the ones that are available on the open market, but the ones that are indigenous 
to the OEMs themselves. 

And so Quadro FX and all of the software that we've developed over the years, of which we make enormous 
investment, it has assured us a position that is very, very high in that marketplace. We just add a ton of value. It's not 
just a graphics chip. And so when that market recovers, and it looks like it's recovering slowly every quarter, the 
margin leverage is very high. 

And lastly, the consumer electronics market also can generate royalty payments and such, and its gross margins are 
high, too. And so I would attribute most of that to be the gross margin drivers. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Thanks. That's very helpful. And then I guess as a follow-up, could you talk about the Tegra 
business, maybe update us on your expectations for the revenue for Tegra next calendar year and then give us a sense 
for the split of applications you expect – handsets versus the rest of the consumer electronics base? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have over 50 projects that we're working on at the moment to get shipping, and that 
consists of portable media players, smart phones, what some people call tablets, what some people called pads, internet 
television, and automobile. The automobile projects will ramp up starting 2012, in a couple of years. The other projects 
will ramp up – we already shipped Zune and Samsung. The portable media players tend to go through shorter 
certification cycles, as you know. And then the others, you're going to start seeing projects ramping out into the 
marketplace starting in Q1. And so that's a very important part of our business. 

And we invested for quite a long time in this area we call mobile computing. And we were just certain that someday the 
vast majority of us are going to demand computing everywhere. We're going to demand internet access everywhere and 
the full web experience whenever we can. And so this is an investment that I think is really, really starting to come 
home to roost. 


We're experiencing as an industry the second personal computing revolution. And I think everybody would agree that 
this second personal computing revolution will likely be more important and larger than the first one. 

And so how would I see the near-term revenues? It's doubling every quarter off of a small base, and it's going to be a 
significant part of our business in the near term. And as soon as it becomes a sizable part of our business near term over 
the next quarter or two, we'll break it out and report it separately. But at the moment, it's just growing nicely. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Uche Orji with UBS Investment Bank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. Thank you very much. David, let me just ask you about the impact of the extra week in Q4 on 
the revenue line. I can see the impact on the expense line, but should we assume that it's a linear progression such that it 
has an impact on the revenue line, just to make sure I can put your guidance in context? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think the 14th week wasn't as 
much of an impact on revenue as much as supply constraints was an impact on it. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So the extra week didn't actually buy us 
really anything from a revenue standpoint. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, just wanted to clarify that. Jen-Hsun, on professional solutions, I mean, just knowing how 
important this is for your margin, you said it looks like it is recovering. When you say that, what are the metrics that 
lead you to conclude that? So is it book-to-bill? Is it inquiries from customers? And if you can also shed some light as 
to what end markets we are seeing some recovery on the professional solutions, just so we can get a sense as to the 
sustainability of the growth we saw this last quarter 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, two good questions, two parts. For our OEM business, most of that business is pulled 
from hubs. So we just have to monitor the hub pulls. And so whenever they deplete the hubs, we fill the hubs. And so 
monitoring the hub pulls is a good indicator of the business rate, and the hub pulls are surely up. 

And the second thing is what we call differentiated solutions. And they're things like digital video pipeline that we 
announced at NAB recently, which allows you to stream live video, high-definition live video right into a compositor 
for graphics like you see on TV. We composite the 3-D graphics, and then we stream that right out into broadcast. That 
used to require many racks of computers, and now we literally do it using one Quadro Plex format, one little tiny box. 

So for a DDP and then SVS, which is our scalable visual solution, you know how cheap, how inexpensive flat-panel 
displays have become. And so many companies are starting to put multiple flat-panel displays into a power-wall 
configuration because of its resolution and productivity capability, and also mostly because it's just become so 
inexpensive. We created a scalable visual solution that allows you to span a single application virtually across many, 
many computers and displays, or put many applications up on that power wall. And so the thing that we see there is just 
the traction of the interest there and the design pipeline that is building there. 

And then starting at the end of this coming quarter and the next quarter, we're going into a new product cycle, and that 
new product cycle is based on Fermi. And we're going to bring to the market for the first time in history the ability to 
do ray tracing interactively in every single workstation. Customers are really ecstatic about that capability, and I can't 
wait to revolutionize graphics again. 

And so short term, it's the pull and the design pipeline, which we track very carefully, and then shortly after that, the 
ramping of Fermi GPUs. 


<Q - Uche Orji>: That's great. Thank you very much. Can I just ask one last question, David? Let me just ask you 
about – so if I look at the chipset business, moving the mix more to the Intel versus AMD, did that have any impact on 
ASPs? And by extension, did that have an impact on margins? And that's my last question. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, yes, the MCP61, which Jen-Hsun 
talked about earlier, is a low-end product for us and it does have lower ASPs than the Ion does obviously. And the Ion 
does have higher margins, and so that did help uplift margins, yes. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, great. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think – just let me clarify. MCP61 has lower ASP, but higher gross margins. And MCP79... 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Less gross profit. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Gross profit dollars, right. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Right, right, right, gross profit margin. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, that's what he meant, but I just wanted to clarify. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: That's great. Thank you very much. Congrats on the good numbers, Jen-Hsun. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Uche. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Glen Yeung with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. I wanted to ask a question about the supply constraints that you're seeing today across 
three different vectors. One, does it seem to give you better visibility now that you're getting some backlog going up? 
Two, is there a point at which it's going to cap your ability to grow your sales? And then, three, do you think there's any 
impact to market share because of those constraints? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: All good questions. One, I'm about to give visibility all the way through next year, it seems. 
And so, yes, when we're this constrained, customers have to work with us really carefully to make sure that their needs 
are well understood by us. And we are short of those needs. We came out of last quarter several million units short. 
That's a lot of PCs. And we came into this quarter several million units short, and my expectation is we don't make it 
up. 

So the answer to your number two question is it surely constrains our growth. I think that we should have made – 
there's probably an opportunity for us to have done somewhere between 50 to $100 million more last quarter and 
certainly this quarter. So it's certainly constraining our growth. 

Is it contributing to – would it contribute to share loss? I'm not sure. We demonstrated that this quarter. We lost, 
according to Mercury Research, I think it was sure two or three points of market share, and it was completely attributed 
to lack of supply. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then just as a follow-up, when I think about your business over 
the next four quarters, even over the next eight quarters, it sounds like we'll have a chipset business which peaks in the 
second half, then goes down – Tegra, which is growing; workstation, which can recover; PCs, which are generally 
recovering. But I wonder if you can specifically point to revenue growth that's attributable to GPU compute 
specifically? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So let me see if I can break that down a bit. I expect GeForce to grow next year, not only 
because the market will be healthier next year. There is real evidence that GPU adoption is increasing. And the 
enthusiasm behind Fermi, our next-generation GPU architecture, is just out of this world. I mean, it's just way over the 
top. And the reason for that is because this is the first brand new architecture we've created in four years. And instead 
of an incremental change to DX11, this is a fundamentally new architecture, and the performance is fabulous. And so 
we're expecting to be very successful with Fermi and all of its derivatives. 

And so that's one. The second thing is Quadro, my expectation, will do much, much better next year than this year by 
several hundred million dollars. 

And number three, Tesla, which is our GPU computing product for supercomputing and for high-performance 
computing and cloud computing, I believe that's going to be a growth market. And there's every evidence that with all 
of the adoption out in the marketplace and the OEMs finally realizing that this is the architecture of the future, they are 
all ramping up to build heterogeneous computing, or GPU computing-based servers. So I expect Tesla to grow. 

And then I expect Tegra to grow a lot next year, and so not to mention our core logic. There's a very good bet that it's 
going to grow next year. And obviously it won't be our last generation. We'll make modifications and adjustments to it. 
And so it's hard to say whether it'll ship for two years or 2.5 years or three years, but surely it'll be more than 1.5 years. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Jen-Hsun, I just need you to clarify one thing, if you might. When you say performance of Fermi 
is great, are you saying that relative to your previous architecture or also relative to the current competition? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Both. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Thanks. A couple of questions – regarding 40-nanometer, when does the situation get 
better? How are the yields coming along? And what's your allocation from your foundry? Is it something that would 
allow you to get out of this perhaps earlier than your competition? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Hans. The yields are improving. I would say that without exception yields are better 
today than it was at the beginning of last quarter. TSMC and Morris and his entire management team are just intensely 
focused on this. And they're making progress every single day. 

Yield enhancement and working with TSMC is NVIDIA's number one strategic objective now. It is all we do. It floods 
my entire email. That's all I talk about. That's all I think about. That's all we meet about. And so it is of vital interest to 
both of us that we get 40-nanometer yields up to the levels, that are at – that is absolutely world class. And I have no 
question whatsoever that it will. Based on the work that, and the effort that, the TSMC team is putting into it, I have 
every confidence, complete confidence that we'll get there, and soon. 

Relative to the allocation, obviously I don't know what other people are allocated. All I know is this. We're not 
allocated enough. 

<Q - Hans Mosesmann>: Okay, and then a follow-up. Thanks, Jen-Hsun. A follow-up on your commentary that 
you're going to make modifications to your core logic, or your MCP89 I suppose. Does that mean you're going to come 
out with an MCP99, and what would that product look like if it's not DMI-based? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, Hans, one of the things you can count on with NVIDIA is that we're always really 
clever. And we have to be clever because we don't target the mainstream market. The baseline market is 
Intel-integrated graphics, and it's kind of like the house brand. When you go to Safeway, that's kind of like Safeway 
Select. It's the house brand. 


Our brand is the differentiated brand. And when you put GeForce with an Intel processor, you get the differentiator 
product. And that's our business; it's differentiation. And we're going to keep working hard to look for ways to 
architecturally enhance the PC experience and the PC platform so that our OEMs and ultimately the end users would 
have the benefit of a differentiated platform over the generic baseline Intel-integrated graphics. And so that's our 
strategy, and we've not run out of ideas by a long shot. 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Operator? 

Operator 

Great. We'll go to the next question. Our next question comes from line of Daniel Berenbaum with Auriga USA. Please 
go ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Yes, hi, guys. Thanks very much. Just quickly on the – and I apologize. I'm in an airport. I 
missed some of this, but did you say that there was any sell-through of previously reserved inventory in the quarter, and 
did that help gross margin at all? And if so, do you plan on selling through – is there more previously written-down 
inventory which there's a chance of selling through next quarter? And then if the January quarter wasn't going to be a 
14-week quarter, what would revenue guidance have been? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So the answer to your first two questions is no and no. We shipped everything we had. We 
shipped everything we had in Q2. We shipped everything we had in Q3. And if our customers were willing to take 
chairs and furniture, I would've shipped that, too. And so there was just nothing left. And we were still short by a few 
million parts. 

In terms of next quarter, our guidance would be exactly the same, whether it was a 14-week or a 13-week. And that 
basically tells you we are completely supply-constrained. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay, I guess I'm a little bit confused by that. I mean, because certainly if there's an extra 
week, then you produce an extra week's worth of stuff. So if you're selling it as fast as you're producing it, is there not 
an extra week's worth of stuff to sell through? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Like I said, it is all supply-constrained. And if we have more time to build it, we would 
certainly build more. But our demand is sufficiently high. And you probably already also know that we can only ship 
wafers that are outputted from the factory several weeks in advance. And so if you cut one of my weeks short, but the 
wafers came out of TSMC, we'd just rush it through the back end and ship it. And so if you cut our quarter down by 
three weeks, then it would surely affect our output, but if you cut it back by a week, we'll just increase our back-end 
capacity and ship more wafers that came out the week before that. 

<Q - Daniel Berenbaum>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Wu with Global Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes, thank you for taking my question. Can you talk a little bit about the professional business 
prospects? Because I don't think those are 40-nanometer parts, and I assume those are more available. And if John 
Chambers is right, supposedly these enterprise kind of projects should be loosening up, as your first quarter numbers 
show. How much could you grow that professional business in Q4? And I have a quick follow-up after that. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our PSG business is demand-constrained, not supply-constrained. So I agree with you there. 
And so we will ship as much as the market – we will replenish as much as the market pulls. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay, that's good. Jen-Hsun, you showed – I was at the show when Fermi was previewed, and you 
showed very good numbers on the computing slide. Relative to your competition that is shipping products, you didn't to 


talk anything about the graphics side. Should I assume that the graphics performance is equally superior to the 
competition that's shipping right now? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We didn't announce anything on graphics because it wasn't graphics day. When we announce 
GeForce and Quadro, we're going to talk about the revolutionary graphics ideas that are designed into Fermi. And so 
we're looking forward to do that in the near future. And so please be patient with us. The market is anxiously waiting, 
and we have enthusiasts all over the world that are waiting for us to ship it. 

Every four years or so, we revolutionize the GPU with a brand new architecture. If you remember the G80, what 
became GeForce 8800, was probably one of the most successful products in the history of our company. And we've 
been doing incremental changes to G80 since then. And now with Fermi, it's another revolutionary architecture, and I'm 
expecting to take the GPU market up another notch. 

And relative to the competition, the market has really spoken. Although it's a fast chip, it's not that fast. And it's 
basically an RV770 with DX11. And I think that you could incrementally make changes for a number of years, but 
certainly not forever. And we're only going to change the marketplace going forward with Fermi. And so that's our 
focus, and we're trying to get it shipped as soon as possible. The demand is really, really strong for it. And we'll tell you 
about all the great graphics features when we launch. 

<Q - David Wu>: The chip is a very big one. I was wondering, can you strike it quickly? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, there are many derivatives of Fermi. And so each one of the processors are designed to 
be the right size of its market. Back in the good old days, everybody used to tell me that MB10 was too big and then 
MB20 was too big and MB40 was too big. MB30 was too big. It's only too big if it doesn't do anything. But if the 
performance is excellent, what consumers enjoy is something that is surprising and delightful and shocking. It's just the 
next level. And that's what we've built for them. 

<Q - David Wu>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of JoAnne Feeney with FTN Equity Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Hi. Good afternoon, folks, and congrats on a nice quarter. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you, JoAnne. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: You're welcome. I wanted to try to get into the issue we've been hearing about in the market. 
It's been noted that your higher-end discrete graphics processors, the 270, 285, 295, that line, has been in short supply. 
And I'm sort of wondering if you've made a strategic decision to deemphasize that segment of the market, or if you're 
supply constrained even at 55-nanometer, or if you've just seen demand tail off and that's why we've seen supply slow 
to a trickle here? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the demand for GTX 275 and 285 and 295 is really high. We have nothing left. We've 
just got nothing left. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: So this is a supply 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We shipped everything we could last quarter. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: And we're not trying to keep any for a rainy day. And so customers are just yanking parts out 
of our hands. And so we're just trying to keep up. And our focus is just to keep up with our demand across the board. 
And the sacrifices that we have to make sometimes in our own channel products, particularly the high end, so that we 


can fulfill OEM demand is a sacrifice that we have to make. And we made plenty of that this quarter, and we'll have to 
make some of it next quarter. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. And then if I could, a follow-up circling back to the chipset question – I just wanted to 
make sure I understood correctly. So your view on chipsets for next year is that you have a competitive advantage in 
your MCP79, 89 that delivers graphics that's better than what Intel will even deliver on its Arrandale platform. And so 
are you thinking that PC bakers may want to have an NVIDIA chipset even alongside Arrandale? Or are you thinking 
that attach rates for discrete graphics will be rising on notebooks and that's how you plan to sort of replace those chipset 
revenues? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I was just talking about chipsets. And MCP79 and MCP89 do not connect to Arrandales. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: So when Intel switches to Arrandale, do you have a substitute? Or do you just not think that 
chipset business or the switch to Arrandale is going to occur quickly enough to materially affect your chipset business 
over the next calendar year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It will not switch over quickly enough. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Can you give us a... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The market demand for Core 2 Duos are still really, really strong because Core 2 Duo, as you 
know, is the best CPU that's probably been designed by anybody on the planet in the last 10 years. The Core 2 Duo is 
not just fast, but it's fast and low power and it's just exquisitely engineered. Core 2 Duo is what's put Intel... 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: So it sounds like you're assuming that Intel might... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: ...where it is today, right? And so Core 2 Duo is what we connect to. Core 2 Duo, Celerons, 
Pentium Ds, Atoms, so on, so forth, that's where MCP79 and 99 – 89 are targeted. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay, I think I understand better now. So you're thinking that Intel may not transition as 
quickly over the next calendar year as they have in the past when they've introduced new chips. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: They don't ever transition as fast as you characterize it. They're transitioning, and they're 
transitioning as fast as they can. And some people might want to go to Arrandale and some people might want to stay 
with Core 2 Duo with an MCP79, and some people might stay with Core 2 Duo and an MCP89. And then some people 
might want Atom plus 79. And so the market's a big and differentiated place. Everybody doesn't want to build exactly 
the same thing. And the benefit of MCP79 and 89 is it allows customers to build different types of devices. 

The HP Mini-Note that has the Ion chip in it – talk about the recognition that HP is getting. I think it's the only box 
from HP that I see reviewed. I don't remember a Lenovo notebook ever getting reviewed with the exception of the Ion 
netbook that they recently shipped. I think that the market is dying for differentiated type products. And so many 
OEMs will choose to choose different strategies. I don't think everybody wants to build exactly the same thing. 

<Q - JoAnne Feeney>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Luke with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you very much. Can you hear me, David? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: David, I was just wondering if you could give some color with respect to your revenue guidance, 
what you guided up 2%. Of the businesses, which ones do you think would be up in the January quarter? 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we don't typically break it out 
separately, one business versus another. But certainly our GPU business would be up higher if we had more supply 
available to us than what we've guided. As I think we indicate in our commentary and so forth, our PSB business, we're 
seeing some positive traction there. We would expect it to be up. So I think our business across most of our platforms 
will all be up. It's just that they're going to be modest as a result of supply constraints. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Just to get back to this issue on the guidance and the capacity strain -constraints, which you've had 
somewhat longer now to address and you have the extra week. Should we construe then that your guidance, given the 
description of I think Jen-Hsun said very, very strong demand, is conservative, as it was last quarter? Or how should we 
think about that? And beyond that, do you have any sense of how we should think about normal seasonality at the 
beginning of the next year? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So if you look at historical quarters and 
so forth, we have much more turns business generally to generate than what we have in the last few quarters. And as we 
have ramped our products and so forth, we had sufficient inventories in the past, you might say, to respond to some of 
the ramp that we've seen in the second quarter and the third quarter. But now we're to a point where we're really 
supply-constrained. 

I mean, my revenue is going to be determined not so much by our turns – business we generate this quarter. It's not 
going to be determined so much by the opening backlog we've got. It's really determined by the amount of supply 
we've got available to us. And we think we have a clearer picture at least of what that is today and our ability to build 
against that supply. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Do you have a framework for how should we think about seasonality for the beginning of next year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Next year is going to be an interesting first quarter because in fact we'll need more wafers 
than ever in Q1. And the reason for that is because – and I mean, more 40-nanometer wafers than ever in Q1 because 
we're obviously fully ramping Fermi for three different product lines, GeForce, Quadro, and Tesla. We'll be fully 
ramping MCP89. We'll be fully ramping Tegra, not to mention the 40-nanometer products that we currently have that 
are fully ramped up. And so I'm expecting Q1 to be a pretty exciting quarter for us because we just have so many new 
products. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: So, Jen-Hsun, you feel it's going to be a growth quarter or you think there'll be the normal 
seasonality? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think we have a shot at having a growth quarter, but again it's going to be completely 
supply determined. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Just on the expense side where you guided it to 305, David, I think in prior updates you've been 
saying that you thought that the January period would be more like 270. You have the extra week, but what are the 
other elements that have changed the expense guidance? And also it looks like you're guiding the gross margin 
somewhat lower despite higher revenues. Could you talk about what are the elements of the mix that are suggesting that 
it'll be lower? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So let me go to your operating expense 
question first. If you look at our operating expenses and the guidance we gave in the quarter, it's really – the 14th week 
is a fairly sizable element of the increase from Q3 to Q4. 

But there are a couple of other pieces that kind of enter into it as well that was listed in the commentary. And one of 
them is the fact that we are in the midst of launching and bringing up a record number of new products right now. And 
those new products each require engineering wafers. They incur expenses for tape-outs. They incur expenses for 
marketing materials and launches and so forth. 

And so all of those things combined have our bring-up expenses running at roughly 2X the rate that they were just a 
couple of quarters ago. That will not be permanent. We would expect that to go down sometime in the second quarter 
because we'll still be bringing up some of these products in the first quarter. But we would expect it to come down. 


And then the other piece, as I think we also indicated, is our legal expenses have gone up as well during some of this 
time period. And so those are the primary elements of the bridge. But I do believe it'll come down in Q1, and I do 
believe it'll come down again in Q2 as we get some of these bring-ups behind us. 

Going back to your question as it relates to gross margins, our non-GAAP gross margins for the third quarter were 
41%. And we basically guided 40 to 42, so I would say we guided flat. I wouldn't say we guided down. The extra... 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Oh, I'm sorry. I thought it was the GAAP gross margin that you were guiding at 40 to 42 from the 43 
level. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We're guiding flat with the GAAP gross 
margins. And the non-GAAP gross margins would be pretty much the same if you pull out the insurance 
reimbursement we got. So if you pull out the insurance... 

<Q - Tim Luke>: How big was that? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It was $25 million. So if you pull the 
insurance reimbursement out, whether you look at it on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis, it's roughly flat 
quarter-to-quarter. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Okay. Just last thing... 

<A - Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications>: Tim, we need to move 
on to another question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger with Friedman Billings and Ramsey and Company 
(sic) [Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Robert Pikover>: Hey, guys. This is Robert Pikover in for Craig. Thanks for taking my question. I guess 
understanding that demand is strong and the environment with component shortages out there, do you see any risks that 
the PC supply chain potentially overheated in 3Q due to a Windows 7 build-ahead possibly spurring any kind of double 
ordering? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we're really not that close to meeting anybody's demand. So I'm not really too worried 
about them ordering more. And so I just don't think it's an issue at the moment. Everybody is being allocated. I don't 
have a single customer who's not being allocated. And so that's the first thing. 

The second thing is that our growth is also coming from our professional solutions business, which I expected to grow, 
continue to grow. Our growth and therefore top line and margins will come from Tegra, which consumes very little 
wafers but generates a lot of earnings. And so those two things, between Tegra, our mobile computing business, and 
our Tesla server and cloud computing business, and our professionals business, I think we have a shot at growing 
through it all, despite the supply constraints. 

<Q - Robert Pikover>: Okay, that's helpful. And can you guys talk about what you're seeing in terms of pricing within 
your desktop and notebook GPU products in the quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think as you can imagine, the conversation is really on supply. And most of our 
conversations with our customers are all very emotional and all related to supply. We wish we could give them more. 
They wish we could get them more. And this is a conversation we have with 100% of our customers. There's not a 
single customer that we have not at some level let down during the quarter, and there's not one customer we will not let 
down in Q4. And we all feel terrible about it. And we're beating ourselves up over it. And you can tell from my tone 
that this is something that I'm obviously not very happy about. But we're doing everything we can. And I know that all 
of our suppliers are doing everything they can. 


<Q - Robert Pikover>: Does that imply that you're able to raise prices in this environment? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't raise prices. There's no such thing. I mean, raising prices because demand is high is 
just bad mojo, man. You don't want to go there. 

<Q - Robert Pikover>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Simran Brar>: Good evening. This is Simran Brar in for Raj Seth. Thank you for taking my question. I had a 
couple of quick questions. The first is on the chipset business. Based on what you've said in the call, it seems like you 
expect that the business could grow in 2010. I know that there are a lot of moving parts here, but assuming that you 
don't get access to win those new bus how do you think about revenues over the next few years? Are they expected to 
gradually roll off, or do you expect a cliff in revenues based on transition from one processor family to the other? 

And the other question is on Tegra. Previously you've indicated that Tegra could possibly do close to 100 million per 
quarter exiting 2010. Based on the wins that you have right now, I just wanted to get an idea of what your visibility is 
on that sort of revenue number. Thank you. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Why don't we skip the first part of the 
question, if you will, because we answered that previously at length. But I'll let Jen-Hsun answer the Tegra part. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So the Tegra part, the Tegra question, we have all these different projects in the pipeline, and 
all of these projects are rather engineering-intensive. One of the things about the embedded business is that it takes 
longer to get into. It takes longer to ramp. We've been working on these projects now for – some for almost a year. And 
these embedded projects just take a lot of custom engineering. And the benefit of the embedded business, of course, 
and the integrated business is that once you get designed in, then you ship for a lot longer. And it's just a very, very 
different business than the PC industry, which has very rapid turns and very rapid cycles. 

And so it has some benefits, and it has some dis-benefits. And I think that long term – long term being a year, this is 
going to be just a spectacular business. I think that Tegra is one of – we are one of two or three companies that is at the 
epicenter and the strike zone of mobile computing. And I think that I don't know how many companies wouldn't want 
to be in our position with the Tegra processor right now. But it is just right down the middle of where the most 
important areas of innovation and where the most exciting areas of computing's happening right now. So I can't be 
more pleased. We just have to be patient. 

Operator 

Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Michael. Please go ahead. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thanks, everyone. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. 

Operator 


Ladies and gentlemen, that does include today's conference call. We thank you very much for your participation, and 
we ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a lovely evening, everyone. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


