Q1 2014 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robert Csongor 
• Karen Burns 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Glen S. P. Yeung 
• Vivek Arya 
• Romit J. Shah 
• David M. Wong 
• Brian C. Peterson 
• Michael C. McConnell 
• Craig A. Ellis 
• Raji S. Gill 
• James E. Schneider 
• Shawn R. Webster 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Sheena [ph] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to 
welcome everyone to NVIDIA's financial results conference call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, 
there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

Mr. Rob Csongor, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 

Robert Csongor 

Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call on first quarter of fiscal 2014 results. 

With me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Karen 
Burns, Interim Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we'll open up the call to a question-and-answer 
session. Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow-up. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations website 
and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until May 15, 2013, and the 
webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our second quarter of 
fiscal 2014. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or transcribed 
without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 


the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 27, 2013, and reports we 
may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All our statements are made as of today, May 9, 2013, based on information available to us as of today and except as 
required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. 

Unless otherwise noted, all references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from 
Mercury Research or Jon Peddie Research. 

During this call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You will find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
financial measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release, which is posted on our website. 

With that let's begin. Our results this quarter came in at the upper end of our guidance driven by strong sales of higher 
end GPU products for PC gaming. We made good progress on our key strategies as the Kepler GPU architecture, which 
delivers outstanding performance and energy efficiency drove strong GeForce demand with PC gamers and began to 
flow through our Quadro and Tesla businesses in new products. The PC gaming software market, which is forecasted to 
grow from $17 billion in 2012 to over $20 billion by 2015 continues to be fueled by new great content. Q1 saw the 
continued growth of free to play games and the release of three hot titles: Crysis 3, Tomb Raider and BioShock 
Ultimate (sic) [BioShock Infinite]. 

To enable our customers to experience these games at their visual best, we launched GeForce GTX TITAN. Our best 
indicator of future success is customer demand, and since its launch in February, TITAN continues to sell out as fast as 
it is delivered. It packs into a quiet elegant form factor 7 billion transistors using the same Kepler architecture that 
powers the world's fastest supercomputer, the TITAN, at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. 

Strong press reviews have reinforced the value of TITAN. A non-tech described it this way, "It's simply in a league of 
its own right now." TITAN delivers the kind of awe-inspiring performance we have come to expect from NVIDIA's 
most powerful video cards. And Eurogamer said, "TITAN is a unique, remarkable product, a serious statement of intent 
from NVIDIA on the future of rendering technology." 

This quarter, we also brought Kepler fully into the enterprise workstation market, launching four new Quadro K Series 
professional graphics products. They deliver up to 50% faster visualization performance and twice the compute 
horsepower of previous generation Quadro products. The Quadro K Series is now available from key OEM workstation 
suppliers, including Dell, HP, Lenovo and Fujitsu and it's supported in key professional software applications. As they 
roll out this year to customers worldwide, we expect Quadro to drive unprecedented performance and power efficiency 
for the design, manufacturing and media and entertainment industries. 

As you know, one of our key strategies is to extend the GPU beyond the PC. At our recent GPU technology conference, 
we introduced GRID for the enterprise market, taking Kepler beyond the PC into the data center. In the short time since 
we began taking GRID to market this quarter, we've engaged over 100 GRID VDX and GRID VCA trial customers and 
signed many of the top Adobe, Autodesk and SolidWorks re-sellers to take GRID VCA to market. 

The world's first visual computing appliance, NVIDIA GRID VCA is a powerful GPU based system. It runs complex 
applications such as those from Adobe, Autodesk and Dassault Systems and sends their graphics output over the 
network to be displayed on a client computer. This remote GPU acceleration gives users the same rich graphics 
experience they would get from a powerful dedicated work station under their desk. 

We believe GRID VCA represents a potential $3 billion market opportunity. With an estimated base of 10 million users 
of Adobe, Autodesk and SolidWorks software, design firms and other creative businesses can now give their teams 
access to graphics intensive applications with un-compromised performance flexibility and for the first time ever, 
mobility. 

This quarter we also continued our work to bring world-class visual computing to new mobile computing devices. In a 
key announcement we introduced our first integrated Tegra LTE processor, Tegra 4i, which delivers three times higher 
performance than the competing Qualcomm S400 solutions. Computer graphics in mobile matters more than ever as 
evidenced by the growing importance of visual fidelity in the many new phones and tablets launched over the past year. 


To that end, Tegra 4i has five times the number of GPU cores as Tegra 3, enabling high-quality console quality gaming 
experiences and full 1080p HD displays. In addition, it integrates an optimized version of the NVIDIA i500 software 
defined radio, 4G, CAT3 and 4 multi-mode LTE modem. At our investor day, you saw Tegra 4i making phone calls on 
the AT&T network, streaming high-definition movies across LTE at a maximum 100 megabits per second and running 
the latest high-end Android games. 

We've made significant headway in certifying our lineup of LTE modem-based solutions. The i500 discrete LTE 
modem and the single chip Tegra 4i integrated LTE applications processor. We expect or we continue to expect LTE 
data certification by early Q3 and Tegra 4i certification in Q4. In addition, this quarter we're working closely with our 
customers in preparing new Tegra 4 devices for launch in the second half of the year, and several will be announced 
over the coming weeks. 

Looking to the second quarter of the fiscal year, we anticipate continued strength in consumer gaming, particularly in 
the higher end of our GeForce product line. Quadro and Tesla will benefit as Kepler-based products continue to drive in 
the Professional Graphics and High-Performance Computing segments. And our GRID enterprise products will engage 
the market where our focus remains on growing our GRID VGX trial customers and ramping channel sales for our 
GRID VCA product. We anticipate customer announcements of new Tegra 4 devices starting in the second quarter and 
we look forward to bringing our Project SHIELD open platform gaming device to market with great anticipation. 

As we discussed during the recent Investor Day, while the company continues to be very focused on prudent 
investments leading to profitable growth, it is also committed to regular return of capital to shareholders. Karen will 
provide an update on this topic in her section. 

To summarize, our investments in Kepler are opening up new markets. We're driving share among gamers, 
strengthening our workstation and supercomputing segments and extending our GPUs into servers and data centers. As 
mainstream PCs continue to be disrupted by tablets, we're using Tegra to leverage our world-class GPU assets to lead 
that disruption. And with Tegra 4 devices and Tegra 4i certification on the way, we're gearing up to return to growth in 
the second half of the year. 

With that, let me turn the call over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Rob. Hello, everyone. You have my full summary in the CFO commentary. I want to highlight for you some 
key areas before we take your questions. 

Revenue. First quarter revenue was $955 million, at the high end of our outlook. GPU revenue was down 5.6% from 
Q1 and up 8.1% from a year earlier. By comparison, the consumer PC market declined roughly 15% over the same 
time period. We believe our out-performance stems from the success of our growth and targeted investment strategies. 

Rob talked about one of our key target markets for growth: gaming. Revenue from our gaming GPUs was up 24% 
year-over-year. GTX TITAN, our highest performance single GPU, which retails for $1,000, was launched three 
months ago and continues to sell out as fast as it becomes available. 

Our investments are directed not only at advancing the GPU, but also at extending its reach. Our focus on CUDA and 
general purpose computing are continuing to gain traction in the marketplace as evidenced by our Tesla revenue growth 
of 55% year-over-year. 

In the Tegra Processor segment, revenue was down 50.5% from the previous quarter and down 22.2% year-over-year. 
As mentioned on our Q4 earnings call and reiterated at last month's Analyst Day, we made a strategic decision to push 
out the schedule for Tegra 4 by about a quarter, enabling us to pull in the introduction of Tegra 4i, our first mobile 
processor with an integrated modem. This allowed us to engage the LTE phone market six months earlier with an 
integrated processor that is significantly differentiated. The revenue decline over both periods reflects this impact. 


Sales volume of Tegra 3 processors declined as customers began to ramp down production of Tegra 3-based 
smartphones and tablets. We expect this to continue into the next quarter as customers start to announce Tegra 4 
designs with further new designs and following ramp starting in the second half of the year. Our Q2 revenue guidance 
reflects this, with revenue expected to be up about 2% quarter-over-quarter. We expect the GPU segment to do better 
than this and the Tegra Processor segment to be lower, due to the volume for Tegra 4 starting in Q3. 

Gross margins. We achieved record gross margins this quarter, now in the 54% range, up 1.4 percentage points 
sequentially and up 4.2 percentage points year-over-year. There are always puts and takes, but this improvement 
reflects a rich mix of higher margin products as well as the underlying value of our GPUs in the marketplace and our 
focus on cost. For Q2, we expect margins to remain within the same 54 percentage range as Q1 with a high mix of our 
higher margin products. 

OpEx. OpEx this quarter was in line with our outlook. Our investments support our growth strategies which are to lead 
in visual computing, extend the GPU beyond the PC, and with Tegra, leverage our visual computing assets into the fast 
growing market for new computing devices. For Q2, we expect GAAP OpEx to be approximately $448 million and 
non-GAAP OpEx to be approximately $408 million. Non-GAAP OpEx excludes stock-based compensation and certain 
other charges related to acquisitions and the aggregate of approximately $40 million. 

The increase in our expectations for Q2 OpEx is primarily related to hiring for our strategic initiatives and due to the 
tape-out and related engineering costs for new products we are bringing up this quarter. We are very focused on 
managing OpEx to balance the strategic objectives of increasing TAM, growing revenue and doing so profitably. 

For the fiscal year, we expect GAAP OpEx to be approximately $1.76 billion with non-GAAP OpEx of $396 million in 
Q1 and $408 million in Q2. This results in $804 million for the first half of the year, in line with our expectations of 
approximately $1.6 billion for the year. 

EPS. GAAP EPS of $0.13 per share and non-GAAP of $0.18 per share was an increase of 30% and 12.5% respectively 
over the prior year and above Street consensus estimates for GAAP of $0.10 per share. Revenue was certainly a 
component, increasing 3.2% year-over-year with growth largely attributable to our gross margin improvement, 
demonstrating the underlying lift that is possible in our business. 

Turning to the balance sheet, our cash position remains very strong. Cash at the end of the quarter was $3.71 billion. 
We generated $175.7 million in cash from operations and $110 million in free cash flow. As announced at our recent 
Analyst Day, we plan to return in excess of $1 billion this fiscal year in the form of share repurchases and quarterly 
dividend payments. 

During the first quarter, we returned $146.3 million to shareholders by repurchasing 100 million of shares, retiring 8 
million of shares and paying $46.3 million of dividends at $0.75 (sic) [$0.075] per share. This represents a total return 
of 188% on GAAP net income and 133% return on free cash flow. As part of this capital return program, NVIDIA 
plans to continue its quarterly dividends at $0.075 per share – excuse me for that error earlier – and expects to enter 
into a $750 million structured share repurchase this fiscal year. The broadening of our capital returns program 
underscores our confidence and the traction of our strategies in the market and our long-term cash flow outlook. 
Returning cash in the form of repurchasing shares also underscores our belief that buying our shares at current prices is 
an attractive use of capital. 

As we look beyond the current fiscal year, we expect quarterly dividends to remain a key component of our strategy, 
which the Board plans to review annually for potential increases. In addition, we expect to continue the use of share 
repurchases as a means of capital return to our shareholders with the amount a function of certain factors such as 
market conditions, our share price, level and availability of domestic cash and ability to access offshore cash in a tax 
efficient manner, among other things. 

Thank you. Rob? 

Robert Csongor 


That concludes our prepared remarks. We'll now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Glen Yeung with Citi. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Thanks for letting me ask a question. In the prepared CFO commentary online, you talk 
about Haswell being an impact to notebook strength that we're seeing. I wonder if you could just elaborate on that as 
we enter into the July quarter. Haswell's notebook will launched sometime in the quarter. Do you expect, therefore, that 
that business will improve? And how does that set you up, therefore, for the second half of the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think Karen's comments were related to the fact that as people gear up for Haswell, they 
tend to be leaner on inventory. We're expecting to be quite successful on Haswell and we're expecting to gain share on 
Haswell and continue our leadership in the GPU business. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Okay, Jen-Hsun. Fair enough. And then maybe just as a follow up. I'm just trying to get a 
sense [indiscernible] (19:21) to be fair, and for all I know we're wrong, that the growth in high end tablets and 
smartphones may in fact be slowing in the market and it's reverting more to low end. I wonder in the work that you do 
in the market, do you see that? And to the extent that you do, how do you think NVIDIA best serves that market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Did you guys hear the first part? Something cut out. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Sorry. The first part was just referencing the potential that the high end smartphone and 
tablet market may be slowing in favor of low end. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, it's slowing but it's a very large market. And so if you – if we were the dominant player 
in that segment – in those segments today then our business would be slowing, but we're a new entrant in these 
markets. And so my sense is that the market is quite large and it gives us a lot of opportunities. 

I think at the high end or the mid-range or the low end, Android is really quite disruptive and is going to continue to 
become more profitable over time. People who enjoy Android phones are going to want to enjoy Android tablets and 
Android this-and-thats. And the reason for that is, of course, once you get your content in the cloud, and once you have 
all of your applications on the Google play store, you're going to want to enjoy more of those applications on all the 
devices that you own. And so my sense is that there's still great opportunities to continue to grow the Android market, 
and it's going to reflect the Android phone shares over time. And so my belief is that the opportunities are quite 
exciting for us still. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Good point. Thanks, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next audio question comes from the line of Vivek Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Question on the discrete graphics market. If I were to make the assumption that PCs decline over 
the next few years, is it fair to think that the discrete graphics market has peaked and that will also decline from the 
next year onward? Because if I look at the last five years, the discrete market has stayed flattish in the $3 billion or so 
range with sort of periodic share shifts between yourself and ATI, but now as PCs start declining, then would the 
discrete graphics market also start declining substantially? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, first of all, I would correct some assumptions. The discrete GPU market has been 
growing for us 12% CAGR over the last four, five years. We see no reason why it's going to stop. And the reason for 


that is because we're making the GPU more useful over time. Four years ago, no one spoke of using GPUs for general 
purpose computing. Four years ago, no one spoke of using GPUs to accelerate digital content creation applications. 
Four years ago, no one spoke about putting GPUs in servers. 

Now Cisco, IBM, Dell, HP, all are shipping servers with GPUs inside. They're shipping it for accelerated VDI, they're 
shipping it for cloud computing, you heard probably from the GTC [GPU Technology Conference] Conference, 
Shazam and many others are starting to develop their software on GPUs so that they could deal with the big data 
problems that are happening as a result of more and more mobile devices and the use of cloud computing. 

Four years ago, none of that stuff happened, and I think our investment in making the GPU more flexible and our 
investment in CUDA has made the GPU are really terrific parallel processing device. And so we've expanded the reach 
of GPUs into non-PC devices. 

Meanwhile, PC is really one of the most important gaming platforms today. It's one of the most important gaming 
platforms because it's open. And if you were developing free to play games where the economics were in 
[indiscernible] (24:16). The PC is really a terrific platform for that. There are many markets outside of the United 
States where the game console is just not as popular. For example, China, Korea, many of the regions outside of the 
United States, particularly in Asia, which happens to be the fastest growing markets for us, the PC is really the 
preferred gaming platform, and we're seeing a lot of growth there. 

And so there's a lot of reasons to be enthusiastic about the continued growth of GPUs. So I would say the assumptions 
are – need to be corrected, number one. 

Number two, as tablets disrupt the PC, it disrupts the PC for casual PC use. You can't really use a tablet to design a car 
yet. And it really doesn't make sense to use a phone to create a movie. So a lot of people [indiscernible] (25:14) on 
productivity. And the keyboard's important and large storage is important and a mouse is important and large display's 
important. 

For a lot of us the PC continues to be very important. And those are not being disrupted by the tablet really. And where 
those segments of the market that's being disrupted by the tablet today we're not really players, as you know. The 
bottom half of the PC market is a non-market for NVIDIA for a long time. It's probably going on to five, six, seven 
years where we've not been in the segment of the marketplace. And that's the reason why we invested in Tegra so that 
we could participate in these new computing devices disrupting the entry level PC. A great tablet is surely better than a 
cheap PC. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. Very helpful. As my follow up Jen-Hsun, just wanted to get your perspective on the 
competitive landscape in both 4G LTE and high-end processors. I think previously you made comparison with 
Qualcomm's S400, I believe. How do you think your products compare with the S600, S800 and especially as I look 
forward a number of ARM's partners are coming out with Cortex A15 products using big.LITTLE architectures, et 
cetera. How do you see this playing out? And what do you think your competitive differentiators will be in this market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We see the phone market and the rest of the new computing devices market to be very 
different. Let me talk about the phone market first. The high end phone market is dominated really by two players, 
Apple and Samsung. Both of them have their own application processors. We don't really think that we could add a 
whole lot of value there, and so our target is the next segment down. We believe that we can add value to the phone 
market by building an application processor that has the features and the capability of a super phone but the price of a 
mainstream phone, and that's the reason why we targeted the segment that is currently Snapdragon 400. 

From that perspective, you could see that Tegra 4i is incredibly well positioned. It brings a level of capabilities and 
features and performance that, that segment's just never seen. And we launched it early in the year, a couple months 
ago. We see a lot of excitement. We have customer projects going now, and hopefully we can get to market as soon as 
possible. We pulled in the Tegra 4i by about six months. That was a decision that we made. We felt that it was good for 
us to engage the LTE market as soon as possible. This is a market that's still doubling every year. The sooner we 
engage it, the better off we're going be. And so that's the phone market. 


Outside of the phone market, it's fair to say that you would recognize this as well, that there's a lot of licensees of 
ARM. Something like 80 licensees of ARMs. I don't even know who isn't a licensee of ARM. Maybe that's a better way 
of saying it. But yet there aren't that many people that are contenders for the performance segment. Tegra 2 was the 
world's first dual-core. Tegra 3 was the world's first quad-core with a four plus one architecture. And Tegra 4 is the 
highest performance application processor in the marketplace today. 

And so my sense is that performance is a combination of architecture, obviously the ARM processor makes a big 
difference, your GPU, your system architecture and also, of course, of software. And that's an area that we can add a lot 
of value to. Outside of phones where these new computing devices are becoming increasingly like your entry level 
personal computer, performance matters and this is an area we can add a lot of value. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Vivek. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Romit Shah with Nomura Securities. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Yeah, hi, Jen-Hsun. Just on Tegra and my question is what sort of trajectory should we expect 
for the back half of the year? I think you've said previously that for the full year, you guys were targeting sort of a 
flattish number. Is that – from your sense, is that still a realistic target? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That's what we're expecting. If you look at last year, Tegra 3 had really a couple of high 
profile devices, and those have a lifetime in the marketplace of about a year. And because we decided to pull in Tegra 
4i by six months, as a result we slipped out Tegra 4 by about three months. We're going to have a trough in Q2 this 
year. But Tegra 4 is a great device. It's a great processor. And this time around, although we have fewer phones, fewer 
high profile phones, there are more Android devices being built around the world than you could imagine. And there's 
all kinds of new types of devices coming to market. We have tablets, obviously, in development, and we have other 
types of computing devices that we will also announce probably starting in late Q2 and ramping strongly in Q3 and Q4. 

But one of the areas that is becoming more prominent is our automotive business. It doubles every year, it's going to 
double this year again and it will continue to double with the current design wins that we have in FY 2016 it should 
peak at about $450 million or so. And so this is an important business for us, and we're just becoming more diversified 
in our Tegra business. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Okay. That's great. And then, great job on gross margins. As Tegra ramps as a percentage of the 
business over the course of the year, how might that influence gross margins? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: On balance, Tegra is lower than 54%. However, GRID and Tesla are much higher than 54%. 
And so the two of them are both going to grow, and we'll see how it shakes out. Hopefully they both grow really fast 
and then the gross margins will just be where the gross margins are. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Yeah, all right. Thanks for taking my question. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot, Romit. 

Operator 

Your next audio question comes from the line of David Wong with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Thank very much. Can you give us any feel for the relative proportions of GPU revenues in 
desktops versus notebooks? And given the trends you're seeing, do you expect desktops to grow faster than notebooks 
or vice versa over the next few years for you? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: First of all, desktop includes workstations, desktop includes gaming and then, of course, 
discrete graphics also includes data centers, includes servers, includes supercomputers and then there's notebook. And 
so did you – did you want me to compare notebook versus all of the other discrete GPUs or specifically notebook 
versus low end desktop or notebook... 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Yes. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: ...versus game desktop? I mean the low end Desktop business is not very large to start. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Well, I'm talking about desktops for personal use. Individuals buying desktops for gaming and 
other things. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, gaming PCs are still growing. Notebooks is about flattish. So I would expect notebook 
gaming PCs to continue to grow. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: So your revenues – GPU revenues into gaming PCs you would expect to outstrip GPU 
revenues into notebooks over the next few years? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would think so. I would think so. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: And can you give us any feel for the relevant... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I mean, David, the notebook market in general is flattish, right? The high end notebook 
market is about flattish. The overall notebook market is declining some, but that's because the low end part of the 
notebook market, which we don't participate in, is being disrupted by tablets. We're not in that market anyways. We're 
not in that market anyways. And you could argue that the more disruptive tablets are of the low end PC market the 
better off it is for us. And I think it is. 

The more people enjoy tablets, the better off it is. But people who build these high end gaming PCs and people who are 
enthusiasts and who enjoy having the most performance on the desktop or people who are building these PCs for their 
own video editing hobbies or the makers, people who are designing 3D objects and then printing it at home. They print 
their own jewelry. They print their own – I don't know what, telephones and – they need to be designed in 3D 
somehow. And those PCs tend to have GPUs inside, and that's a movement that's really growing fast. And so I would 
say that the desktop PC market that we target, that we serve, is quite a vibrant market. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You're welcome, David. 

Operator 

Your next audio question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. 

<Q - Brian C. Peterson>: Brian Peterson in for Hans. Just a clarification question on the certification timeline for 
Tegra 4i. Is that just with one U.S. carrier? Or is there broader carrier certifications expected by 4Q? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, it tends to be broader but you really should start with AT&T because if you get 
certified at AT&T, you're pretty much certifying the super set for just about every country. If you're good at AT&T, 
you're pretty good in Italy or Turkey or a bunch of global markets. 

<Q - Brian C. Peterson>: Okay. As a follow up, can you talk about the 2Q guidance and what areas of the GPU 
business you expect to grow sequentially? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we said that I think the first question was relating to notebook. Notebook is likely to be 
slightly down as people are cautious with inventories before the second half. So [indiscernible] (36:59) have to be quite 
vibrant or quite seasonal for PCs. But other than that, everything else is growing. But overall, I think the GPU 
marketplace, our GPU business is going to grow 7% sequentially. 


Operator 

Your next audio question comes from the line of Mike McConnell with Pacific Crest Securities. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: I wanted to just talk a little bit, going back to Glen's earlier question about market share 
on Haswell and you talked about your expectations to take share on Haswell. If we just look at your Q1 results and kind 
of compare it to your competitor, it does look like just looking at the numbers that you did cede some share in Q1 for 
the first time in quite a while in the kind of traditional GPU market. So just wanted to understand – I understand it's just 
one quarter but kind of what happened in the quarter? And then kind of looking forward more importantly, what's 
giving you the confidence that to take some share back from your competitor both in desktop and/or notebook? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, in notebook you have a pretty good sense of your share because of design wins. And 
unless – our share could fluctuate a little bit depending on sell-in versus sell-out of notebooks and how various Mercury 
Research – when Mercury Research takes the poll, takes the snapshot, but that's one factor. And the other factor is if 
Intel versus AMD loses share. On balance our share is higher on Intel than it is on AMD, as you could imagine. I mean, 
AMD CPUs. So if Intel were to lose share to AMD, it would affect our share. But so long as Intel's share relative to 
AMD is stable or if Intel were to gain share, then our share would be – would reflect that. 

<A - Robert Csongor>: Mike, this is Rob. When you said that the numbers – that you saw numbers that saw the 
change in share, what numbers are you referring to? The Mercury numbers aren't out as far as I know, right? 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: I'm just looking at your competitors' results in Q1 for sequential growth in their GPU 
business comparing it to the high single digit decline you saw in your April quarter understanding that there's a time 
gap there in terms of one being off quarter versus one being calendar quarter. 

<A - Robert Csongor>: Okay. Yeah, that's – there's no evidence that we're losing share. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Okay. Well, I mean, the market data will be out soon anyhow. 

<A - Robert Csongor>: Yeah, the data will be out soon. Let's wait until then. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Okay. Fair enough. And then on the Tegra business, how much of that 103 if you can 
provide it, was kind of traditional mobile I guess wireless of the 103? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I'm sorry? 

<A - Karen Burns>: How much of Tegra is... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: If you know the answer, go ahead and answer it. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Okay. Sure. Well, as Jen-Hsun explained, though, our Tegra processor is going into many 
different devices. You're going to see that go into auto and smartphones and tablets. So you really should think about 
the whole Tegra processor segment. We shifted it that way so you could clearly see what our processor, the FSE is 
doing in the market. Now we have some residual GPU related businesses with consoles, Sony consoles but that's really 
winding down. And then there are some embedded – the same thing. That pretty much stays pretty stable right now 
until again we'll take our Tegra processor and put it into embedded products. So my preference is for you to look at 
Tegra processor as a whole as where we're going to with our actual device, the processor itself. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Is it fair to assume, though, that a majority is still in the mobile business though I 
guess... 

<A - Karen Burns>: Yes, absolutely. Yeah, smartphone – if you consider mobile to be smartphone and tablet, yes. We 
look at it as broader. The car is the biggest mobile device. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Okay, understood. And then just a clarification one last thing. You said $1.6 billion for 
OpEx. That's a non-GAAP number. So would the GAAP number be kind of closer to $1.75 billion? What would be the 


GAAP number? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Actually, that's exactly right. I said $1.76 billion for GAAP. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Oh, I missed that. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Karen Burns>: No problem. 

Operator 

Your next audio question comes from the line of Craig Ellis with B. Reilly. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: Thanks for taking the question. Nice job on the gross margins and the quarter and outlook. 
Jen-Hsun, maybe a more forward-looking view at the market share question in notebooks. You had said that you expect 
to gain share in Haswell. I think last year through the year you had a nice tick up in share in the back to school season. 
You saw another nice tick up in share on the notebook side in the holiday selling season. Is that the pattern you expect 
this year? Or said differently, where and when do you see the share gain coming in this year in that business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, probably not as big of a change this year. Because our – if you look at it this way, 
suppose Intel was 80% of the market and AMD was 20%. And on most AMD platforms there aren't really 
opportunities for us. On Intel platforms, out of the 80%, if we were to have the vast majority of that, say 80% of that, 
that results in a market share of some 64% overall. And so that tells you something about our market share. We're – on 
the Intel platforms, we're quite successful. 

On the AMD platforms they're not really opportunities for us. Now if you – if AMD were to gain share by 5%, we'll 
tick up a little bit. If AMD loses share or Intel loses share, we would lose overall share. And so at this point, I think that 
our market share on notebooks is relatively stable. And it could be from season to season, depending on model to 
model to OEM to OEM, we may win or lose a little bit. 

But I think overall that's just not a factor in our overall business that much anymore. We're going to keep working hard 
to win share there. And – but if you look at our growth prospects, gaining PC is very important. The workstation 
marketplace, as the industries around the world continue to develop and as more economies become a design economy 
instead of just a manufacturing economy, our workstation business continues to grow. More and more people are using 
and creating with digital content and when they create with digital content it helps our workstation business. 

And then all of our GRID initiatives to take GRID into accelerated VDI, accelerating Citrix applications, if you will, 
accelerated VMware, VDI applications to GRID in the cloud to GRID being used for cloud computing dealing with big 
data. That's really where the really exciting GPU growth opportunities are. 

<Q - Craig A. Ellis>: That's helpful. And then to follow up on that point, as you look at GRID and as you look at 
SHIELD, are you at a point where you can quantify what the contribution of those two businesses would be for the 
business this year? And if not, when do you think you'll get there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: For GRID and SHIELD, I am really hopeful that at the end of the year as we look back, when 
we're done with this fiscal year and we look back, that both of them contributed to our earnings. 

Operator 

Your next audio question comes from the line of Raji Gill with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: A question on the – on Tegra. You talked about Tegra troughing in the second quarter mainly 
because of the transition to 4i. Was there any inventory correction also contributing to that trough or market share loss 
which contributed to that massive decline in Q1 and then also declining again in Q2 off that base? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, first of all, last year we had a trough in Q1. This year we're going to have our trough in 
Q2. The overall market is quite – doing quite well. So if we had a trough, we must have lost share. And we lose share 
momentarily in our trough and then when we grow back, we're going to gain share. We're still a relatively small player 
in the overall mobile space. Our position is becoming more and more clear to people. The partners that we work with 
are enthusiastic about the products that we're building. But we have the trough because we decided to pull in Tegra 4i 
and we pulled in Tegra 4i by about six months, and as a result, we were – we weren't able to hold on to our schedule on 
Tegra 4. And so Tegra 4 instead of ramping in Q2 like Tegra 3 ramped in Q2 last year, Tegra 4 is going to ramp in Q3. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: Right. I understand. And as we go into the second half for Tegra, excluding GRID and excluding 
SHIELD, but just looking at the Tegra business exclusively because now you're lumping everything into Tegra now, 
what about – how many design wins I guess do you have on Tegra 4i that would kind of give you some confidence that 
you're starting to penetrate and I would assume that would be on the handset side? And along those lines, I mean the 
competitive landscape is more intense than it was say two years ago, particularly in China with MediaTek and 
Spreadtrum. So I'm just wondering if you could maybe talk about where you could grow in the handset. I know you 
talked about where Qualcomm's Snapdragon 400 plays into, but if you can elaborate on that, that would be great. 
Thanks a lot, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see, that was a whole lot of questions lumped into one and I'm just going to tease it 
apart real quick. Number one, GRID is not lumped into Tegra. GRID is part of GPUs and so that's just the first 
clarification. 

Tegra includes – Tegra is our new computing devices business. It includes phones. It includes tablets. It includes 
everything Android. It includes automotive. It includes SHIELD because Tegra's a chip. It's not a business. We lump it 
all together for the simplicity of understanding and because we highly leverage everything. These mobile devices are 
becoming – these computing – new computing devices are becoming more and more similar. They all have ARM 
CPUs. They all have Android. They all have Wi-Fi and 4G and USB and HDMI, all these things that are kind of 
becoming universal computing platforms. Whether it's a car or a television or a tablet, it's becoming very similar. And 
that's one of the reasons why Android is becoming so successful. It's – it really embodies all of the spirit of Linux. It's 
open and if you want to be an Android device, devices like Tegra are going be quite useful. So we lump all that 
together for simplicity. 

In the case of phones, in the case of Tegra, there are two devices that we're selling now. There's Tegra 4 and then 
there's Tegra 4i. Tegra 4 is the high-end processor and Tegra 4i has an integrated modem. Tegra 4i is much more 
targeted at phones. Tegra 4 is much more targeted at tablets, set-top boxes, cars, clam-shell devices, et cetera. And so 
we have a lot more Tegra 4 design wins than we have Tegra 4is because we just announced Tegra 4i. We pulled it in by 
six months, surprised the customers. We surprised the market which is all good. And I was talking about the 
positioning of Tegra 4i earlier that it was really targeted at the mainstream with superphone features. 

And we have customer projects ongoing now. And our expectation is that the design cycle will take about nine months 
to about a year, which is relatively typical for phones. So we announced it in Q1. My expectation is that we would have 
phones completed in late Q2 – excuse me, late Q4 and then be in production, hopefully be on shelves by Q1 of next 
year. 

Tegra 4 tablets and clam shells and TVs and set-top boxes and that kind of stuff, cars and that kind of stuff, we hope to 
announce – so we hope our customers announce devices in late Q2 and we would like to be ramping quite hard by Q3. I 
hope that clarifies it for you. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: No, no, it does and I appreciate it. Just to make sure, so 4i you're really not going to see much 
revenue until obviously into Q1 of next year so the Tegra revenue that's going to be ramping in the second half is really 
going to come from either SHIELD or Tegra 4 in tablets or automotive or whatever it is? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Mostly – yeah, mostly Tegra 4 in tablets, in auto or SHIELD or set-top boxes, right. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot. 


Operator 

Your next audio question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Gross margins is an area where you've done very, very well over the past couple years. 
And I wanted to ask relative to the Q1 and Q2, can you break apart for us how much of the improvement was due to the 
enterprise mix? In other words, Quadro and Tesla and things like that and how much of that was mix in the core 
gaming and other GPU business? And whether you think that mix in the core gaming part of the business is sustainable 
as you go into the back half of the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our – let me break it down this way. So whenever gaming, whenever our gaming business 
improves, it helps gross margins. Whenever GTX improves, it helps gross margins. When Tesla grows, it helps gross 
margins. When Quadro grows, it helps gross margins relative to the corporate average. I'm talking about relative to the 
corporate average. When GRID grows, it helps relative to gross margins. When – notebook obviously drags the gross 
margins because they tend to be more competitive business. Low end desktop PC business tends to drag gross margins, 
but that's not a very large business anyhow. So if you just think about it at the highest level simplistically like that, 
every quarter is, of course, a little bit different. But if you simplistically think of it that way that GRID, Tesla, Quadro 
and GTX are good for margins, improving those businesses are good for margins. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Okay. Fair enough. And then just as a follow up, is there any way – just kind of another 
market sizing or opportunity sizing thing. For this year, can you talk about roughly what contribution you expect from 
your non-traditional enterprise business, that's things like Tesla, things like GRID for enterprise, [indiscernible] (54:42) 
any commentary there would be helpful. That is enterprise outside the Quadro. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I believe that the vast majority of our enterprise growth will come outside of – vast majority 
comes outside of Quadro. Quadro is stable and slightly growing, but the growth, the really significant growth should be 
coming out of Tesla and GRID. That's for enterprise. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Any sense of how big it would be in absolute dollar terms? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would guess several hundred million dollars year-over-year. 

<Q - James E. Schneider>: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Robert Csongor>: I think we have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Your last audio question comes from the line of Shawn Webster with Macquarie. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Back on the gross margin subject, good job there. I was just curious what went better than 
expected in the quarter relative to when you came into the quarter. Was it a pricing event? Did you get some 
unexpected cost reduction? Was it – what were some of the moving parts versus what you expected? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, you know the PC market declined 10% quarter-over-quarter, but we declined only 6% 
quarter-over-quarter. And that difference comes from growth in the non-commodity PC space, of course. And wherever 
that growth is, that's non-commodity PC space, would tend to be Tesla and Quadro and GTX. And those growth are 
always good for us and that helps gross margins. That's also where we're putting most of our energy. Most of our 
energy related to GP, GPU related to putting our – extending our GPU beyond the PC, into data centers and servers. All 
of the work that has led to the announcement of Cisco and IBM and Dell and HP launching their GPU servers, all of 
that kind of growth is good. And I think we're just gearing up for GRID becoming a larger and larger component of our 
business, and that's good for our margins. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: I see. And on pricing for your notebook GPUs and your desktop GPUs, did your pricing 
increase sequentially? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No. That pricing – those kind of pricing is known quite long ago. We get design wins six 
months, nine months before the quarter ends. So those kind of pricing actions are done long ago. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Okay. Well, going into the Q2 I think you said you expected the notebooks to be down 
sequentially. Is that right? Notebook GPU? 

<A - Robert Csongor>: Yes. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Okay. So if I'm doing the math right then I'm seeing double-digit increases in workstation, 
Tesla and/or your desktop business. Can you help me understand what's going to drive the big growth you're expecting 
in the other parts of the GPU business for Q2? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Karen, did you want to answer that? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Sure. Sure. Desktop GPU – GTX is probably one of the biggest drivers. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: And what is that? Is there something that you're expecting in terms of new games driving 
demand? Or what's the driver of it? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Well, we'd like to wait to tell you about that. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, Shawn. Give us 90 days. We'll come back and report on that. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay. Thank you. 

Robert Csongor 

All right. I think that's all we have time for today. Thanks very much, everyone. Look forward to talking to you next 
time at our Q2 earnings call. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


