Q2 2012 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Jen-Hsun Huang 
• Rob Csongor 
• Karen Burns 
Other Participants 

• Shawn R. Webster 
• Hans C. Mosesmann 
• Rajvindra S. Gill 
• Kevin E. Cassidy 
• C. J. Muse 
• Harlan Sur 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• Chris Caso 
• Craig Berger 
• Glen S. P. Yeung 
• Uche Orji 
• Daniel A. Berenbaum 
• Vivek Arya 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Rose, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the NVIDIA financial results conference call. [Operator Instructions] 

It's now my pleasure to introduce the President and Chief Executive officer of NVIDIA, Mr. Jen-Hsun Huang. Go 
ahead, sir. 

Jen-Hsun Huang 

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. 

In addition to Karen Burns, our interim CFO, with me on the call today is our new Vice President of Investor Relations, 
Rob Csongor. Rob is a longtime veteran of NVIDIA and one of our original employees. He joined our company in 
1995 and has since ran product marketing, launching our first product, NV1; was GM of our Embedded business. And 
in 2003 I asked him to start our notebook GPU business. Our notebook GPU business is now approaching $1 billion a 
year and has just had a record quarter. Over the last five years, he was our VP of Corporate Marketing, responsible for 
many of the company's marketing initiatives. I'm very excited to welcome Rob to his new role, where he will bring his 
knowledge of NVIDIA to serve the investor community and communicating the company's growth strategies. Please 
join me in welcoming Rob to his new job. 

With that, I would like to turn that over to Rob to begin our summary of second quarter of fiscal 2012. 


Rob Csongor 

Thank you, Jen-Hsun. After our prepared remarks, we'll open up the call to a question-and-answer session. Please limit 
yourself to one initial question with one follow-up question. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations 
website and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until August 18, 
2011. And the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our third 
quarter of fiscal 2012. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 30, 2011, and the reports 
we may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All of our statements are made as of today, August 11, 2011, based on information available to us as of today. And 
except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all 
references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon 
Peddie Research. 

With that, let's begin. Our GPU business was strong in Q2, driven by a record quarter for notebook products. Despite 
typical seasonal weakness in the PC market, we recorded record notebook GPU revenue, increasing our notebook GPU 
market share by 9% to 50.6%, according to Mercury Research. 

We launched the GeForce GTX 560M into the heart of the notebook gaming markets, delivering DirectX 11 1080p 
gaming and Optimus technology to notebooks for the first time ever. Optimus technology optimizes your notebook 
performance by intelligently delivering power when you need it and conserving it when you don't completely 
automatically. 

In addition, we launched the world's fastest notebook GPU, the GeForce GTX 580M. The GeForce GTX 580M along 
with NVIDIA's Optimus technology delivers five hours of browsing battery life and 100 frames per second 
performance in Call of Duty: Black Ops. 

While our desktop GPU business decreased within typical seasonality, overall desktop GPU attach rate of consumer 
PCs remained strong at 55%. We added two new desktop products targeted at the sweet spot of the gamer market: first, 
the GeForce GTX 560 into the extremely popular $199 segment of the desktop gamer market; and secondly, launching 
new 3D Vision wired glasses delivering the best 3D PC experience at a new, affordable price of $99. 

The Sandy Bridge transition continues to drive growth for our discrete GPU business. According to Mercury Research, 
integrated CPU eroded integrated graphics chipset market share, while discrete GPU attach rates remain constant 
overall. GPU attach rates actually increased in notebook from 33% to 36%. Notebook discrete GPU shipments were up 
6.7%. 

Industry press is confirming what we had expected; that while Sandy Bridge graphics still won't come anywhere near 
the performance of a discrete GPU, according to Tom's Hardware, the combination of a Sandy Bridge CPU with 
NVIDIA discrete GPU delivers the best price/performance solution for the PC market. 

Our enterprise workstation GPU business grew 4%, as the adoption of the Fermi generation continues to ramp. During 
the quarter, we also launched an extremely important product into the compute market, the Tesla M2090 GPU, the 
world's fastest parallel processor for high-performance computing. In the latest version of AMBER 11, one of the most 
widely used applications for simulating behaviors of bio-molecules, four Tesla M2090 GPUs, coupled with four CPUs 
delivered the fastest result ever reported, according to Ross Walker, Assistant Research Professor at the San Diego 


Computer Center, and principal contributor to the AMBER code. 

Our Consumer Products business, which includes Tegra processors and embedded products, increased 37% to $167.7 
million, with much of the increased revenues coming from embedded products. We delivered another strong quarter for 
Tegra, with new Tegra 2-based Android products hitting the market. Among of them are the Motorola PHOTON 4G 
and DROID X2; the world's thinnest, lightest tablet, the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1; the Toshiba Thrive; Lenovo 
IdeaPad K1 and ThinkPad; Dell Streak 10 Pro in China. 

In addition, to new products, Tegra 2 continues to have legs, with new products launching into new regions and with 
new partners. Consumers can now buy Tegra super-phones on all major carriers in the U.S., including T-Mobile, 
AT&T, Verizon, and Sprint. In addition, we announced with Alibaba and Tianyu the first smartphones designed by a 
China OEM, and the first phone offered by Alibaba. 

In May at COMPUTEX 2011 in Taipei, our Tegra 2 processor was selected from more than 400 products and awarded 
the prestigious COMPUTEX Best Choice award for smart handheld devices innovation from the Taipei Computer 
Association. 

Our next-generation Kal-El processor had a very strong quarter of design wins, with new products launching in time for 
the holiday season. In addition, our acquisition of Icera lets us expand beyond the super-phone and tablet segments and 
address mainstream smartphones. With these moves, we believe we are well-positioned to continue our strong 
momentum with Tegra. 

With that, let me hand the call over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Rob. 

Revenue for the second quarter was $1.02 billion, up 5.7% sequentially. GAAP gross margin of 51.7% was a record for 
the fourth consecutive quarter. Gross margin exceeded our expectations we had at the beginning of the quarter, 
primarily as a result of a more favorable product mix and our GPU and PSB [Professional Solutions Business] 
businesses. 

GAAP OpEx was $351.3 million, in line with our estimates, as it includes $17.3 million of costs related to Icera, 
including costs of its ongoing operations and those related to its acquisition. Combined, these results generated a 
GAAP net income of $151.6 million, or $0.25 per diluted share. The dilutive effect of the Icera acquisition, including 
its results of operations and all acquisition-related costs, was $0.02 per diluted share. Consequently, net of the Icera 
acquisition, we achieved the high end of our outlook range for the quarter. 

Revenue by business segment was as follows: Our GPU business was relatively flat, compared to the previous quarter 
despite the continued quarter-over-quarter decline in our MCP revenue, as we end-of-lifed these products. Desktops 
were seasonally down, while notebooks grew strongly as we continued to gain share through the Sandy Bridge 
transition. We also benefited from the first full quarter of licensing revenue from Intel. 

Our Professional business was up 4.2% from the prior quarter. Our Quadro professional graphics business increased 
sequentially, as we saw a pick-up in enterprise IT spending, and as we continued our transition to Fermi generation 
products. 

Our Consumer business was up 36.8% over the prior quarter. Much of the increase was driven by game console 
royalties, which were seasonally up over the prior quarter, and customer refreshes in embedded entertainment products. 
Tegra revenue was steady as the product ramps of our first quarter reached consumers. Icera's revenue contribution was 
not significant. 

Turning to the balance sheet, cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter were $2.47 
billion, down $252 million over the prior quarter, due primarily to the purchase of Icera for approximately $352.2 


million. This was partially offset by our cash flow from operations of $82 million. 

Accounts receivable at the end of the quarter was $419.9 million, up $76.7 million sequentially. Although our DSO 
increased five days from 33 days to 38 days, our demand was relatively linear for a fiscal second quarter and remained 
under our corporate average. 

Our inventories at the end of the quarter were $361.9 million, down 5% from $381 million in the prior quarter, as we 
actively managed production build throughout the quarter. 

Our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2012 is as follows: We see strength in our business coming into the third 
quarter and expect revenue growth of 4% to 6%. This is despite the ongoing decline from our discontinued MCP 
business. 

We expect gross margin in the third quarter to stabilize at the record levels achieved in Q2 both on a GAAP and 
non-GAAP basis. Of course, we will work hard to continue to improve our gross margins. 

For operating expenses, we expect GAAP OpEx to be between $361 million and $366 million, with non-GAAP OpEx 
between $319 million and $321 million. The increase is primarily related to engineering costs for new product tapeouts, 
verification and qualification, and to account for a full quarter of Icera's ongoing costs from operations, as well as 
critical hires in key growth areas. 

While we will continue to control expenses very tightly, we believe continued strategic investment in our business is 
critical to our company's future growth. In particular, within the mobile space we will invest in supporting the next 
generation Windows on Tegra, ramping our baseband processor business, and executing on design wins. 

We believe the tax rate will track near 16% for the rest of the year, resulting in an annual effective tax rate of about 
15%. This outlook includes Icera. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Ladies and gentlemen, your first question comes from the line of Shawn Webster of Macquarie. 
Go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Great, thank you very much. Hey on the guidance for up 4% to 6%, I was wondering if you 
could add some color on what you're seeing in terms of order trends, where you're seeing strength from a geographic 
perspective, and maybe by segment, which of the end markets do you expect to be the strongest and weakest for you 
going into Q3? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Going to the first part of the quarter looks pretty good and bookings were strong. We don't 
see anything unusual across the world. And your question on segments, nothing unusual; frankly, nothing unusual. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: As far as your outlook goes, do you expect, for example, your notebook or desktop GPU to 
be the strongest or Tesla or workstation? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're expecting growth in enterprise. We're expecting growth, which is our Quadro and our 
Tesla business. We're expecting growth in our GeForce business. And we're expecting business to be steady as she goes 
on the Tegra business. We're ramping new tablets and new phones, introducing new tablets and new phones this 
coming quarter. In Q2, we introduced six new phones and five new tablets. Next quarter, we'll introduce more, and 
we're looking forward to those devices being successful as well. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Okay, thank you; and if I might a last one. What did graphics chip pricing and units do 
sequentially? Thank you. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No significant change. 

<Q - Shawn R. Webster>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Hans Mosesmann of Raymond James. 

<Q - Hans C. Mosesmann>: Thanks. Jen-Hsun, as you look at your roadmap with Kal-El and next year's new 
products, and the introduction of a new Google Android operating system, what does the competitive environment look 
like? What are your customers saying? And how does that all play out based on what you think your position is as you 
look into next year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hi, Hans. We're now I think the only processor to be in production with shipping devices in 
Froyo, Gingerbread, as well as Honeycomb. And we just recently introduced and went to production with Honeycomb 

3.2. 

If you look at our position now relative to a year ago at this time, we had no operating systems shipping at the time. 
And in this business, having a stable operating system and having a full software stack translates to velocity. And so 
we've made really, really large investments in the Google operating system, as you know, and we have a great working 
relationship with those guys. And so as soon as our next-generation processor, Kal-El, is ready for production, we can 
run like the wind like we do in the PC industry now that we have a full software stack ready to go. 

<Q - Hans C. Mosesmann>: And if I can, just a quick follow-up; 28-nanometer, how does it look relative to 
40-nanometer? That was a tough industry transition. Can you give comments there? Thanks? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: 28-nanometer, we are far, far better prepared for 28-nanometer than we were for 
40-nanometer because we took it so much more seriously. We were successful on so many different nodes for so long 
that we all collectively as an industry forgot how hard it is. And so one of the things that we did this time around was to 
set up an entire organization that is dedicated to advanced nodes. And we've had many, many test chips run on 
28-nanometer. We have working silicon and momentarily are about to go to production with 28-nanometer, and it's 
looking really good. It's looking much, much better than our experience with 40-nanometer. And it's just a 
comprehensive across-the-board engagement between TSMC and ourselves making sure that we're ready for 
production ramp when the time comes. So, I feel really good about 28-nanometer. 

<Q - Hans C. Mosesmann>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Hans. 

Operator 

Next in queue is Raji Gill of Needham & Company. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: Thanks a question on the Tegra part of the business. You said it held steady, but really didn't 
contribute to any of the sequential growth in the CPD business. I'm just wondering why that is, especially with all the 
new phones and tablets that have come out in the second quarter relative to the first quarter. Why wouldn't you see 
maybe a bigger jump in the second quarter? And also, how that relates to the – on the consumer side, in October should 
we see a seasonally down quarter on the Sony royalty business, and will that be offset by Tegra in the CPD business in 
the October quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our phone business ramped up towards the second half of Q2, and so these devices are just 
now going to production. The PHOTON 4G was just announced, and the reviews have been fabulous. And I'm 
delighted to see Motorola build such a great phone. The Samsung Galaxy R just went to production. And so those two 


phones are really wonderful phones, and the Motorola phones in China just went to production. And so Q2 probably 
didn't contribute – those devices didn't contribute very much to Q2's business. 

And now as we look forward to Q3, all these phones that are ramping up, we now have something like 53 SKUs around 
the world, and we cover some 16 of the world's top 20 carriers. And so these devices are now just going into 
production. So, we look forward to seeing how they do, and our results will reflect that. But I think that the indicator 
that probably makes the most sense for me to watch and for all of us to keep an eye on is just the number of phones that 
go to production each quarter, and the number of countries and carriers that we increasingly expose ourselves to, and I 
think the numbers will follow. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: And in the guidance, you said you talked about, including Icera. Is that meaningful in terms 
of a revenue perspective? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Not very much yet; the Icera modem technology was just recently approved by a very large 
carrier for product acceptance this year. And they were approved for LTE multimode. Some companies have LTE 
modems and some companies have 3G modems. Very few companies have LTE/3G/4G multimode modems. And 
they've passed 100% of the LTE testing. And in fact, the Icera modem is used in a very large number of 3GPP industry 
standards bodies' testing, and it is the reference by which many modems are tested. And so I think that business will 
surely be very important to us in the LTE segment. 

And then a little longer term, our intention is to integrate the modem into our Tegra application processors so that we 
can address this segment that is very fast growing and also, very large, the mainstream segment of the smartphone 
market. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: Just last question going back to the Sony royalty, can you maybe just remind us where the 
seasonally strong quarters are? Is it the second quarter, as you mentioned? Does it trail off in the third quarter, and then 
bounce back up again in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Karen Burns>: It will be sequentially up again quarter-over-quarter, Sony royalties, not by a lot. But typically, 
the ramp for the game consoles is a ramp that just grows through Q3 as you go into Christmas, back-to-school. But Q3 
is one of the strongest quarters. 

<Q - Rajvindra S. Gill>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

You have a question from the line of Kevin Cassidy of Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Thanks for taking my question and congratulations. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: On Tesla adoption in high-performance computing and datacenters, would this be tied at all – 
is the adoption tied to world GDPs? Or if there's a slowing economy, do your customers get more hesitant, or does it 
accelerate it? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That's a good question. We're trying to figure it out ourselves, to be honest, because it's still a 
relatively small business, as you know. It's on its way to be a couple hundred million dollar business. And more and 
more OEMs are adopting it and are bringing it to market. Just this last quarter, we introduced the M2090 module that 
goes into datacenter configurations from HP and Dell. And so we're ramping that business up, but it's still very much at 
the moment an application driven business. The more applications we have ported, the greater the opportunity we will 
see. 

And so I don't know that in the near term right now that it's tied to GDP or anything like that. I just think it's just way 
too small of a business to be affected by the global economy. People who are early adopters have very severe 


computation needs, and those severe needs exist whether the economy is doing well or not. Probably more than 
anything right now, the lumpiness of the business comes from occasionally very large deals because they go into large 
datacenters, and those design wins and installations don't happen on a regular basis yet. And so every now, and then 
you'll see some lumpiness. But this is a business that is just still being developed. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Okay, so it's more of a technical issue you'd say right now? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would say right now it's an application limited business. The more applications we have, the 
more applications we announce, the greater the market opportunity is; that's one. And then number two, it's dependent 
on large datacenter design wins. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Okay. And if I could just ask one other about any competitive, any new – any changes to the 
competitive landscape in this segment? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We really are just about the only high performance computing GPU computing processor 
company today. And the reason for that is because it's not just about having the chip. It's really about having an entire 
software stack and developers who can help and work with software companies to optimize their software, and having 
configurations that are designed to be server and enterprise caliber and enterprise ready, and having OEMs that bring 
these products to market. And so this ecosystem is not trivial to build up, and we have a very large lead on that. And so 
we'll just have to keep getting those applications ported. 

<Q - Kevin E. Cassidy>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Next in queue is C.J. Muse of Barclays Capital. 

<Q - C. J. Muse>: Yes, good afternoon, thank you for taking my question. I guess first question, I was hoping you 
could I guess elaborate a bit on the Tegra ramp, and what you expect in the second half, whether we're on track for the 
$400 million-plus. And then I guess in terms of mix, what kind of mix do you see between handsets and tablets as you 
think about what the revenue stream would look like over the next three, four, five quarters? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I guess it's probably – just on the mix question first, it's about two-thirds phones and 
one-third tablets just because there are just so many phones. And we now have 53 SKUs of phones that are shipping. 
There will be more phones shipping next quarter, and then there will be more phones shipping the quarter after that, 
new phones. And so those are really the only indicators that I know because we're pretty new to this business, C.J. And 
we ramped it up pretty hard, and we have a whole lot of new design wins on Tegra 2 and we have a whole lot of new 
design wins on Kal-El. And so the only thing that I can watch is how many design wins do we have. And are they high 
quality design wins from high quality customers and OEMs? And when the phones, and the devices come out, are they 
well-positioned? Are they really well-designed? And are they well-positioned as a product? And then after that, we 
really don't know how to judge at the moment how well these devices will do. 

In terms of is the business on track, I would say that the business is doing better than on track in the sense that our 
design win momentum is better than ever. And Kal-El is going to be the world's first quad-core processor and it's so 
much higher performance then Tegra 2, and it's so much lower power. Very few people have internalized that Kal-El is 
lower power in every use case, compared to Tegra 2. And so it's really a great breakthrough based on the technology 
we call Variable SMP, Variable Symmetric Multi-Processing. That makes it possible for us to achieve much higher 
performance where performance is needed and much lower power in almost everything that you do. 

<Q - C. J. Muse>: That's very helpful. I guess as my follow-up, I'm just curious. If I look at the midpoint of the 
revenue guidance, about $50 million sequentially, and you talked about the Sony royalties being up again in October, 
and it sounds like design win-wise the Tegra ramp is coming, is it fair to say that at least 50% of the revenue uptick is 
coming from the Consumer Products division? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: What you didn't pick up in Karen's comments was that underneath it is a chipset business 


that's declining. And so our growth is actually more than the $50 million quarter-to-quarter in the core businesses. 
<Q - C. J. Muse>: Sure, but I guess – all right, I guess if we add the decline in chipsets, is it fair to say that 50% of it is 
coming from the consumer side or no? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't think so. I think the numbers – our other businesses are so large in total dollar 
amounts. GeForce is growing. Quadro is growing. Tesla is growing. And Tegra, we'll see how it goes. 
<Q - C. J. Muse>: Excellent, thank you. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 


Operator 

You have a question from Harlan Sur of JPMorgan. 
<Q - Harlan Sur>: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Along the lines of the last caller, so Jen-Hsun, you talked 


about enterprise for Q3. You talked about your GPU business. Embedded within your assumptions for the third quarter, 
are you guys expecting Consumer to be up, down, or flat sequentially in Q3? 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're expecting it to be up. 
<Q - Harlan Sur>: Up. Okay, great. 
<A - Karen Burns>: GSB will be up as well. GSB is more significantly up. 
<Q - Harlan Sur>: The enterprise business? 
<A - Karen Burns>: That's right. 
<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay, great. And then my follow-up questions <
A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Regarding our chipset business, all of our business next quarter are expected to be up. 
<Q - Harlan Sur>: Okay. And then in your prepared comments, Jen-Hsun, I think within Consumer, you had 


mentioned Tegra as being a steady contributor in Q3. Should we take that to mean flat growth quarter-over-quarter, or 
how should we interpret your comments there? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You should interpret it as flat, and we're hopeful for more. 
<Q - Harlan Sur>: Got it, okay, then one last question. On the new baseband business the Icera team was sampling its 
450 baseband processor. This is I believe it's a 3D chip with voice capability. Can you just give us an update on the 
progress? Does the team have design wins? And when do you think you're going to start taking this to production? 
Thank you. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have design wins in smartphones from – we have design wins in smartphones with a 
modem. And our expectation is that we would have our first smartphone with an Icera modem in it about the Q1 
timeframe of next year. We're nearly 100% passing on voice in all the major carriers and infrastructures, and we are 
100% passed on LTE. 


<Q - Harlan Sur>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. 
<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 


Operator 


Next in queue is Ambrish Srivastava from BMO. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Hi, thank you. Jen-Hsun, good job on the graphics side, especially with the share gains 
and also, on the attach rate, but just wanted to get your perspective on how should we think about it going forward, 
share gains, and the attach rate, given that Sandy Bridge ramp is probably going to slow down? And then I had a 
follow-up for Karen as well. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: If you look at the GPU business overall, over the course of the last five years, it grew from 
about 100 million consumer GPUs to 150 million this last year. We're on a 150 million run rate. My expectation is that 
the overall GPU business, if you include the two pieces that we have a very large position on that we by and large drive 
in the industry, the enterprise GPU business of Quadro and Tesla. If you combine those two with the consumer GPU 
business, the overall GPU business to us should grow faster than that. And so my sense is that the GPU business is 
going to continue to grow. 

Now how big is it going to be in the coming years is hard to say, but it has grown 100 million to 150 million over the 
last five years, and there was integrated graphics all the way along. There was competition from Intel and AMD all the 
way along. And so I think that that is probably an early – a good indicator. And on top of that, we've added Quadro and 
Tesla as growth vehicles for us in the overall GPU business. Our expectation next quarter is to grow share, and we'll 
come back and report it next quarter how well we do. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay, Jen-Hsun, and before I turn to Karen, I'm assuming you're refusing to answer the 
$400 million to $600 million target, so we should assume that that's off the table? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: What am I missing? 

<A - Rob Csongor>: The $400 million to $600 million for Tegra? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: How would we – we don't guide that far out. So, come Q4, I'm going to confirm or deny it. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay, fair enough. Fair enough, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're only literally two quarters into the shipment of Tegra, and there are two quarters left in 
the year, two big seasons left, so we're looking forward to them. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. And, Karen, on OpEx, how should we think about – I just wanted to make sure I 
understood. Including Icera, how should we think about OpEx versus revenue growth for the following few quarters? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Following, which quarters? 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: For the following quarters post the one that you're guiding to? 

<A - Karen Burns>: So we don't guide beyond the next quarter. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: I understand, but how should we think about it? Icera, as you said, is slightly dilutive, but 
then you also said that you would be also investing for new products, and then you have the Project Denver investment 
also ahead of you. So, if you put that, lay that against your long-term target that you had laid out at the Analyst Day, 
how should we think of the target versus that that you had laid out? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I guess I'm not sure that I understand the question myself, and we've guided for next quarter 
and we typically guide one quarter out. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. So, that's it, nothing beyond that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Nothing irregular happening beyond that. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. Okay, thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 


Operator 

You have a question from Chris Caso of Susquehanna. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: Hi, thank you, just a question on the Consumer Products business. I guess if we take out the Tegra 
business, it appears that that's up fairly significantly on a year-over-year basis. Could you give us some color on what 
we may be missing there, what we may not be factoring in? And then if you could remind us on the Consumer 
business, again excluding Tegra, what the normal seasonality for that business is? I think it's normally seasonally down 
in the January quarter. Should we model in a sharper seasonal decline, given that it's at higher levels now? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Embedded Entertainment is expected to do well next quarter, and we've had Embedded 
Entertainment businesses for quite a long time. These are – consider them slot machines or entertainment machines like 
that. Our Embedded business is likely to continue to grow over time, and the reason simply being that you see displays 
all over the world, in arcades and in malls. And these large displays need to have great graphics processors. And it's 
nice to – we have a full platform that is with a great operating system on top of it that Embedded customers could use. 

The Embedded business will also grow into auto. We've already announced that starting next year, Audi would be 
100% NVIDIA. And there will be many, many cars, other car companies to follow beyond that. And so I think our 
Embedded business is going to continue to grow. We're expecting next quarter, specifically to your question, next 
quarter, we're expecting Embedded Entertainment to grow as well. 

<Q - Chris Caso>: And then just moving on with respect to the notebook business, and obviously, listening to others, 
there's been some fairly cautious commentary about the notebook market in general in the second half of the year. 
What's your expectations with respect to share gains? We also heard the Mercury numbers, which had you gaining 
some share. Do your expectations in the second half assume additional share gains of a similar magnitude? Could you 
give us some color there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't know what's going to happen in the second half completely yet until it's done. For 
now, our expectation is that we will gain share in the second half. How much, we don't know yet. 

And what was the other question, the notebook market. We're seeing all the same commentary that you see in 
notebooks. And my sense of what's happening is that the netbook part of the market, and the entry-level part of the 
notebook market is probably under a lot of pressure from tablets. And so in that part of the market, our computing 
strategy – our strategy is to build tablets – processors for tablets. 

The segment of the market that seems to be still relatively robust is the high-end part of the notebook market. As you 
know, a tablet is really wonderful, but it's no comparison to a high-end notebook. And if you're a high-end notebook 
customer, you probably have greater computing needs and greater digital content creation than a netbook customer. 
And so I think that tablets are not really a solution for that, but much better a solution for media consumption than 
media creation. And so that segment of the marketplace we see relatively strong. 

In terms of GPU attach rate, the GPU attach rate around the world is higher than the United States by far. For example, 
in China, the attach rate is about 80%. And in Europe the attach rate of GPUs in consumer PCs is about 60-some odd 
percent, 60% to 70%. Here in the United States, the attach rate is only in the 20s, and I don't know exactly why. Maybe 
it's because people have a greater sense of value outside the United States. Maybe people use their PCs for more digital 
content. But nonetheless, the attach rate is much, much higher outside the United States. And as you know, the growth 
rate of PCs outside of the United States is higher than in the United States. And so I think that our GPU position for 
consumers and in high-end notebook segments are doing quite well. 

Operator 

Next in queue is Craig Berger of FBR. 


<Q - Craig Berger>: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess the first question is can you talk about 
inventory in the channel, or at your customers? Did it go up in the second quarter? Did it go down, or any other color 
you could provide around channel inventories? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Channel inventory is slightly down and we're comfortable with the levels. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Okay. As a follow-up, it was sort of asked a little bit more, but this baseband business, Icera 
obviously has to invest a lot to be active in the baseband business. How do we think about R&D as a percentage of 
sales as we move out into time? Not explicit guidance, but how are you guys thinking about the investment profile of 
NVIDIA as we move forward? Because I get this question a lot from investors, and any color you can provide would be 
helpful. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We try very hard to invest what we can afford; and as a result, focus our investments on 
things that either have extraordinary growth opportunities or something that we're really, really good at. And in the case 
of GPUs, it's something that we're very, very good at. It has grown from 100 million to 150 million units over the last 
five years. And because it's a growth business, we're going to continue to invest in that. Now, ideally, our SoC 
business, the Tegra business in combination with Icera will start in the near future to grow faster than the R&D that 
we've invested in it. And so that's what we're looking forward to. So, hopefully we get to a point where we're investing 
R&D proportional to the growth that we're experiencing. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Last question, can you just help us understand how big are the non-Intel royalties as part of your 
Consumer business? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It's really hard to break out any more, because we increasingly have unified the engineering 
development in our company. We have one huge software organization and we have a very large VLSI design 
organization. And so it's hard to figure out exactly, which part of it is for Tegra, and which part of it is for GeForce. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next up is Glen Yeung from Citi. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Hey, Jen-Hsun, just a question. If you think about all the years you've been in this business 
and looking at what we're seeing in the economy now, first of all, how would you characterize your current visibility 
into, particularly, the PC business? And then secondly, if you think ahead looking at what we're seeing in the economy, 
do you have incremental concern at this point, or do you still feel relatively comfortable? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The only gauge that we have is bookings rate. And bookings rate is probably about as linear 
as I've ever remembered it for Q2. And bookings rate continues to be solid going into Q3. And so that's really about as 
much indicators as we have about the quality of the quarter. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Okay, and then one other question is, and I recognize it may be hard for you to tell. But can 
you differentiate between what is share gain on your part versus what is the overall market; i.e., obviously we see some 
softness in the PC market, but we don't necessarily see it in your numbers. And so is there a way for you to just slice it 
so we can figure out, which is which? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: He's talking about the PC market? 

<A - Rob Csongor>: He's asking how do we slice – do we see some softness in the PC market, but how do we slice the 
PC market so that we feel good about it? How can we reconcile the attach rates with the softness in the PC market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So that's how we consolidated everything to provide guidance. 

<A - Rob Csongor>: It's our addressable market. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You could answer it, you're here, too. [Laughter] I'm having a hard time understanding your 
question to say something 


<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: All I really want to know is how much do you think of your results are share gains versus the 
overall market condition? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We gained share in notebooks, but our desktop business was about flat share. Our 
workstation business is about flat share. But then on the other hand, our market share in workstations is very, very high. 
Our share in Tesla is flat. But then of course, our market share there is practically 100%. And so the answer I guess to 
your question is we gained share in notebooks and we were flat share everywhere else. And next quarter, we're 
expecting small gain shares, and the rest of it would be coming from the market. 

<Q - Glen S. P. Yeung>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thank you. 

Operator 

And you have a question from Uche Orji of UBS. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Thank you very much. Can you hear me? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Sure. Let me start with Karen, please. Karen, on gross margin, so if I strip out the Intel royalty 
payments, I get gross margins to be down on the product side almost 300 basis points. And the royalties, I probably 
calculate at about $45 million. I'm not sure whether that number is correct. But even if I put that in, then product gross 
margins goes down even further. So, in the quarter that you've had improvement in Quadro, I'm just trying to 
understand why product gross margins went down, and how I should think about the outlook for product gross margins 
into the next quarter. 

<A - Karen Burns>: The quarter-over-quarter product margins, excluding Intel royalties was basically flat. They held 
up very strong, ASPs strong, same quarter costs, so I'm not really sure what you're looking at. Other then, of course, 
Icera, when you come into an acquisition, you have an accounting where you're going to basically step up your 
inventory to fair market value, so you're not going to get a lot of lift from what we sold for Icera. So, there was a little 
bit of drag there. But NVIDIA core is stable. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Right, so, including if you strip out the impact of royalty increase, product gross margins were still 
flat? 

<A - Karen Burns>: Yes. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, shall we just take that off-line and see. A separate question, Jen-Hsun, if I look at the Tegra 
business – sorry, if I look at the Quadro business, we're finally starting to see some growth there after a few lethargic 
quarters. How sustainable do you think the improvement we're seeing now is? How much of it is driven by the 
movement to Fermi, and how much of it is just a lag reaction from enterprise in terms of spending, and should we 
expect this to continue for a few more quarters? I'm not asking you guys to guide specifically. I'm just trying to 
understand when you have conversations with your customers what they're telling you about Quadro. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Quadro is growing from several different areas. One, you mentioned Fermi. The Fermi GPU 
is just so much better than the last generation, and can do so much more, and so that's one. The other is that people are 
using workstations for more and more applications. Digital video editing is a very large market, and growing, and 
there's just so much more digital video content being created all over the world. And the third is global expansion, 
whereas the developing countries used to be a manufacturing-oriented culture and economy, it's increasingly a 
design-oriented economy. And so in order for movies and advertisement and products to be designed in China, they 


need workstations to do that. And so that's a really fabulous growth opportunity for us. 

And so we're seeing usage of workstations in more industries than ever. We're seeing that our GPUs can do more 
things. At SIGGRAPH this week, we demonstrated a workstation that has the ability to not only visualize, but also 
simulate and visualize in real-time with the technology we call Maximus, Quadro Maximus; and so all of these vectors 
are growth opportunities for workstations. 

Frankly, I wouldn't be surprised to see our workstation business continue to grow for many years to come. And just as 
the world continues to become more and more of a design environment, design economy, you're going to see other 
countries develop their capabilities, and therefore, needing tools such as workstations. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: All right, that's great. In terms of what we should expect from Icera, I apologize if someone has 
asked this earlier. I dialed in a little late. But in terms of what we should expect from Icera going forward, obviously, I 
know you said that the contribution this last quarter wasn't material. At the moment, most of the top-line growth 
obviously is coming from dongles, but what in terms of the roadmap should we be looking for? And will this 
contribution next quarter be material within the guidance you gave? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're not expecting much contribution from Icera next quarter either. The real growth of 
Icera is going to come from two things. One, as we launch our LTE multimode modems – their multimode modem is 
fabulous. And it's been fully tested and approved, and we're looking forward to shipping them in tablets early next year. 
So, that's one quill, just discrete, high-end, high-speed modems where they have really great expertise and something 
that they've been quite famous for, for a long time. 

The second area requires us to build a unified chip, and we're in the process of doing that. And that allows us to address 
the low-end part of the smartphone market with an integrated application processor and baseband. And that part of the 
marketplace is going to become quite large over the next several years. Analysts estimate that the mainstream 
smartphone market is going to grow to about 1 billion units by 2015 from a couple hundred million units today. And so 
that part of the marketplace is really not well-served today by anybody, and we have to go and build highly integrated 
versions of an application processor and modem to go address that. And so those are two growth opportunities for us 
with respect to Icera. 

<Q - Uche Orji>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Next in queue is Daniel Berenbaum from MKM Partners. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Hi, guys. If we can come back, Jen-Hsun, to your comment that you're not seeing 
anything unusual, can you help me calibrate against normal seasonality? Maybe my math is just off, but I have that 
your October quarter is usually the strongest seasonal quarter. But it seems like we're in – I have an up 10% sequential 
number for normal seasonality. And you're guiding up revenues, but it seems like we're a bit light of what normal 
seasonality would be. So, can you just help me close that disconnect? If we're not seeing anything unusual, then why is 
the quarter not seasonally as strong as you might expect it to be? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You have to subtract out the declining chipset business. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: So that's it? So basically can I not assume then that Tegra is growing enough to offset 
the chipset business? This is all just due to the chipset business declining? And if the chipset business didn't decline, 
you'd be up in the 10% range? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We'd surely be a lot more. Yes, we would grow a lot more. 


<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: You would grow a lot more if the chipset business wasn't going away? Okay. Is they're 
going to be anything left? Should we model anything left of the chipset business then after the October quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There's not much left after the October quarter. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: There's not much left after October. Okay, thanks, and then I want to come back. This 
question was asked and maybe I'll try to ask it a different way. When we look at what the OpEx model is over a long 
period of time, is there a way to think about where you want R&D and SG&A to be as a percentage of revenue because 
it looks like OpEx has been creeping up a little bit as a percentage of revenue? Should we expect it to creep down over 
the course of the next year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, and the reason for that is because we like our – I was trying to say earlier, we'd like our 
revenues to start contributing. And the GPU business is of course, growing quite nicely. The SoC business is growing 
very fast, but off a very small base. We had zero business in Tegra practically a year ago and now it's a substantial 
business. But even at a few hundred million dollars a year, you can't build and sustain a world-class SoC business. At 
this level of play, if you want to build modern Android application processors, you've got to get that business up to $1 
billion before R&D funds itself. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: So then so how long does that take? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I hope we can get there on a run rate basis sometime next year. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We'll try to get there as soon as we can. 

<Q - Daniel A. Berenbaum>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

You have a question from Vivek Arya of Bank of America. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Thanks for taking my question. Jen-Hsun, what is your sense of sell-through on Android tablets? 
Because I think the initial response was not as good. So, what is changing or can change for that segment to grow and 
compete more effectively than Apple's iPad? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: At some level, it's weird to put an injunction on a product that's not selling, and so it must be 
selling really well. The early products had a clumsy launch, and we already talked about that. But Android 3.1 and 3.2 
are just fabulous. And the apps all followed and more and more apps are showing up all the time. And these devices are 
getting better all the time. And the Wi-Fi version came out, and now they're at $399. You've got better devices. You 
have lighter devices. And now you have seven-inch devices coming out. So, that's – and you have the Transformer 
from ASUS Tech, and that's the power of an open platform like Android. Then you have all these great companies who 
are innovating around it. And, although it started out a little clumsy, it fixed itself very quickly. And now the Android 
devices are selling wonderfully. I just saw the market share data. I thought it showed 30% and growing. And it looks 
like the Android tablets are a huge success. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Great. And I think you are showing good progress on notebook GPUs. What will it take to regain 
the Apple business back from AMD? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have to build a great GPU that is on schedule when they want to use it. Their rhythm is a 
little bit off the rhythm of the PC industry, and their cycle is a little bit off of the cycle the rest of the industry. And so 
we just have to make sure that we have the right GPU for them at the right time, and we'll have a good shot. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: So as you look at your roadmap, do you think you are in sync with what they might need? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't have any future products to announce today. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it, and just one last question. I think this was asked in many different ways. But if you look at 
operating margins, obviously you have all these new sales growth opportunities, but there's also the pressure on OpEx. 
So, if you had to predict what an operating margin might do as we talk a year from now, do think it will be at similar 
levels as it today, higher or lower, any sense of that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I hope that it's higher. And the reason for that is because we like our top line to be growing 
faster than our investment. This last year, we had to invest in Tegra. And the Tegra investment is quite high, as you can 
imagine. We're building Android platforms and Windows 8 platforms, and all of these new platforms require 
investment. But we hope that our design wins will translate to revenues. And I'm very bullish about Windows 8. I think 
it's going to be an amazing operating system. Windows 8 tablets and Windows 8 clamshells that Tegra has gone into I 
hope will translate into real growth for our company in the second half of next year. And so the answer to your question 
is we like our operating margin to expand. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Got it. And just lastly, as this new Ice Cream Sandwich release comes out from Android, do you 
think it puts more competitive pressure on you because obviously one of your competitors has been selected as the 
reference solution? And I think when you were selected as a reference solution with Honeycomb, you obviously got a 
very strong head start. Do you see that same situation develop where your competitor might be able to get that kind of 
head start, or is the situation going to be different with this new release? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have lots of competition already. And the only two other players that we've seen these 
days have been in the application processor business since the beginning of Android. And so I don't know that they 
need a head start. 

In terms of Google Ice Cream Sandwich, I don't have any comments on it. If you have questions on Ice Cream 
Sandwich, you should ask Google. But we have a great working relationship with Google. And we're working on 
Google operating system tablets and phones at every phone company and tablet company just about all over the world. 
And so we're looking forward to the next version and we're expecting to be very successful with it. 

<Q - Vivek Arya>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay. 

Jen-Hsun Huang 

Thanks, you guys. I'll look forward to talking to you guys at the next conference call. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


