Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 
• David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Tim Luke 
• Patrick Wang 
• Michael McConnell 
• Raj Seth 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• Kevin Cassidy 
• Shawn Webster 
• Jim Schneider 
• Doug Freedman 
• Arnab Chanda 
• Glen Yeung 
• Craig Berger 
• Alex Gauna 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. Thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the conference over to Michael Hara, Senior Vice 
President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the first quarter of fiscal 2011. 
With me on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and David 
White, Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the call to a question-and-answer session. 
Please limit yourself to one initial question with one follow-up. 

Before we begin, I would like to remind you today that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor 
Relations website and is also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until May 
20, 2010. And the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our 
second quarter of fiscal 2011. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 

During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results may 


differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results in business, please refer to the 
disclosure of today's earnings release, our Form 10-K for the fiscal period ended January 31, 2010, and the reports we 
may file from time to time on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 

All of our statements are made as of today, May 13, 2010, based on information available to us today, as of today. And 
except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all 
references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or Jon 
Peddie Research. 

One final note, our annual shareholder meeting is next week on May 19. For the first time, shareholders will be able to 
vote and ask questions online during the meeting. And please see our website for more information. 

With that, let's begin. We are back in the high end of the enthusiast segment. In April we shipped our GeForce GTX 
480 and 470 GPUs, the first products based on our next-generation CUDA GPU architecture code named Fermi. The 
GeForce GTX 480 and 470 GPUs were designed from the ground up to excel at tessellation, the defining feature of 
DirectX 11. Geometric fidelity is one of the most important new looks for the next-generation graphics. So instead of 
just being compatible with DX 11, we created a DX 11 tessellation monster. GTX 480 is eight times faster than the 
competition. 

Reception for the new GeForce 400 series amongst gamers and press has been phenomenal. Just last week, the GTX 
480 was validated as the fastest GPU in the world when KIngpin and Shamino, two world-class overclockers, used the 
480 to break world records on the Future 3DMark Vantage Hall of Fame. 

GTX 480 is DX 11 done right. Bjorn3d stated quote, "The GTX 400 line-up eats tessellation and ray tracing for 
breakfast and has the advantage in every benchmark and game using those technologies. So for us it's not a hard call." 
End quote. Futurelooks.com wrote quote, "There is no question that the NVIDIA GTX 480 is the king of tessellation. 
The GTX 400 series GPUs also provide a significant higher computational capability, which will allow gamers – game 
developers to increase the level of physics realism via our PhysX API." With our leadership position in DX 11 
combined with the incredible experience that PhysX and 3D Vision provide, we expect to take back share in the 
enthusiast segment. 

In the first quarter, we shipped a few hundred thousand units, as yields have exceeded our expectations. The 480 and 
470 are widely available worldwide and continue to sell out on a weekly basis. More importantly, being back in the 
enthusiast segment is a positive driver of revenue and profitability growth. 

We began shipments of the new GeForce 320M integrated chipset to Apple for the latest 13-inch MacBook Pro. The 
320M delivers up to an 80% performance increase over the previous GeForce 9200M integrated chipset. In addition, 
the new 15-inch and 17-inch MacBook Pro both come standard with the new GeForce GT 330M, the fastest graphics 
ever in a Mac notebook. In addition, the 15 and 17-inch notebooks come with switchable graphics. It's another 
powerful example of how switchable graphics is quickly becoming a standard requirement in notebooks. 

We now have approximately 70 Optimus design wins, of which 11 are in production today and 50 are expected to be 
available in the market and ready for this year's back-to-school cycle. We continue to believe that Optimus has the 
potential to expand the market for discrete GPUs by increasing the GPU attach rate in notebooks. 

Our Quadro business continues to recover, and in fact is ahead of where we anticipated it would be at this time. The 
recession delayed upgrades in 2009. And with the significant enhancements made in both hardware and software within 
that timeframe, we believe it will drive a more aggressive upgrade cycle. For example, Adobe CS4 penetration was 
well behind CS3 due to the recession, creating meaningful pent-up demand for CS5. We are anticipating that the 
combination of a healthy upgrade cycle and the addition of new markets will take our Quadro business to a higher level 
of growth. 

During the first quarter, we announced that a range of NVIDIA Quadro professional graphics solutions are certified for 
Adobe, for Adobe Creative Suite 5 software, which provides real-time video editing and effects processing with Adobe 
Premier Pro CS5. This version of Adobe Premier Pro leverages the parallel processing architecture of NVIDIA GPUs 


via the new Adobe Mercury playback engine to allow users to create compelling, multilayer projects and preview them 
in real time. 

Tesla achieved record revenue, and Q1 should be the first of many record quarters to come. Fermi has unlocked new 
demand for Tesla. We are experiencing heightened activity in a number of areas such as supercomputing, energy, and 
finance. The most significant leading indicator of Tesla's long-term success is the adoption of Tesla as a standard OEM 
SKU. A number of OEMs including Supermicro, Appro, Cayenne, Cray, and Bull have already announced OEM 
servers, with more Tier 1s to follow. 

Finally, we achieved a major milestone this quarter. We've completed and qualified our first commercially available 
smartphone. Today Microsoft is shipping the industry's first phone based on Tegra. We are now the first PC technology 
company in history to cross the chasm from computing to mobile computing. Continue to watch this space. We have 
multiple next-gen Tegra design wins in smartphone and tablets coming, which should be announced later this year. 

Our core profit drivers, high-end GPUs and professional solutions are performing well. And with evidence from a 
number of key early indicators for our growth businesses discussed today, we continue to be optimistic about our 
prospects in 2010 and beyond. 

With that, let me turn the call over to David. 

David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Mike. Q1 was another good quarter, driven by the ongoing recovery of enterprise spending, the shipment of 
Fermi-based products for desktop GPU and high performance computing, new product ramps at Apple, and a very 
strong notebook market. 

Revenue was $1.0 billion, up 2% sequentially. Our GAAP gross margin was 45.6%. GAAP operating expenses were 
$309 million, and GAAP net income was $137.6 million or $0.23 per diluted share. 

The core GPU business was flat quarter-over-quarter. Supply constraints are finally easing. In particular, yields of our 
high-end Fermi-based GPUs were much higher than expected, leading to good availability of our new GeForce GTX 
480 and 470 GPUs and Tesla high-performance computing products. Quadro grew strongly once again and is now 
approaching pre-recession levels. Tesla had a record quarter, which together with our Quadro business contributed to 
higher overall gross margin in the quarter. 

Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities at the end of the quarter were $1.76 billion, up $36.7 million from the 
fourth quarter. 

Our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2011: Revenue is expected to be down seasonally 3 to 5%. GAAP gross 
margin is expected to increase to 46 to 47%. GAAP operating expenses are expected to be flat. Our tax rate of 12 to 
14%, assuming a renewal of the U.S. R&D tax credit, and otherwise a tax rate of 14 to 16%. 

That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tim Luke of Barclays Capital. Please proceed with 
your question. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you so much. If I may, could you guys elaborate on your comments associated with the 
increased availability of capacity, particularly on the high-end nodes, and also your comment with respect to yield and 
how you believe that may begin to impact your margin profile going forward? Thank you so much, David. 


<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Tim. You'll recall that back in the 
fourth quarter and earlier times of last fiscal year when we were ramping other products in the 40-nanometer node, we 
had many challenges with yields and our ability to supply the market with adequate product. And we really hit kind of a 
turning point somewhere around the December/January timeframe where we began seeing predictable improvements. 
And those improvements continued throughout the first quarter. 

And this being the first quarter that we launched Fermi, those wafer starts were done some time ago at a time when 
margins weren't as good as what they actually wound up being. And so our margin progression wound up being – 
exceeding our expectations. And a result of exceeding expectations, we wound up having more die available to sell. 

Now given that Fermi only launched in the last three, four weeks of the quarter, there's only so much capacity you've 
got in line when you exceed expectations like that. And we shipped everything we could get through the backend and 
that contributed to certainly the quarter and our margins. And going forward, we expect Fermi to continue to be an 
important element of our product mix. And as a result of that, you see our guidance of gross margin going up 
quarter-over-quarter as a result. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Just on that, if I may, just as one follow-up, David, Your gross margin obviously going up with the 
revenue slightly down, the key catalyst for that is the Fermi ramp, is it? Or are there other elements that you might be 
able to elaborate on just on the strength of the gross margin in the coming quarter? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, Fermi's a substantial piece of that. 
I mean, our Tesla business is still continuing to grow. And so it'll become a bigger piece of the mix as well. But largely 
it's Fermi, and Fermi and Tesla, as well as Fermi and graphics. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wang of Wedbush Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Hey, terrific. Thank you. I was just hoping I could comment – when we look at your revenue 
guidance here, down 3 to 5%, I know that you think that's actually in line with seasonality here. But what are some of 
the moving parts behind that because, I mean, clearly we're starting to see Tegra' starting to ramp a bit here? I just 
wanted to get some of your thoughts just in terms of the workstation, GeForce, and maybe even color on chipset. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, our chipset business is doing well. 
As Mike mentioned in his comments, we launched the 320M this last quarter. That product, we expect to be shipping 
for quite a period of time. So that business is actually doing very well right now. 

As it relates to the other elements in the seasonality you referred to, we experience seasonality just like our competitors 
do in the industry. And we think our 3 to 5 down is consistent with what we typically experience. Now notwithstanding 
that, we're expecting Fermi to be very strong this quarter, as we continue to ramp that product, and actually have an 
opportunity to ship Fermi throughout the quarter, which we didn't obviously have the opportunity to do so last quarter. 
So that mitigates it to some extent. But overall we feel our guidance is relatively consistent, and the mix change will be 
favorable to our earnings profile. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay, great. And then I guess just as my follow-up here, I just wanted to get your thoughts in 
terms of how you think market share is going to trend? Given the supply dynamics you just gave an update on, what's 
your sense of the demand out there and then of course your competitive positioning? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we haven't been in the high-end segment because of Fermi being delayed for over two 
quarters now. And so my expectation is that we're going to gain share. We gained share last quarter because of our 
increasing share in notebooks. Some of that could have been attributed to Optimus. And looking forward, we expect 
Optimus to continue to gain adoption. So we're optimistic about Optimus. So between the desktop returning into the 
high end and continuing to do well in the notebook segments, my sense is that our share should be rather healthy. 


<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay. And I guess just a part of the demand, are you still seeing kind of seasonal demand here? 
Anything out of the ordinary? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, for the core parts of the market, we're expecting seasonality. However, we're growing 
with Fermi into the high-end segments that we've not been in for a couple of quarters. So there's quite a bit of pent-up 
demand that we're seeing out there. So we're ramping as hard as we can and as fast as we can, and trying to keep up 
with the demands for our customers. So we're looking forward to getting back into the high end. But the rest of the 
business, what we characterize as mainstream business, should experience seasonality. 

<Q - Patrick Wang>: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Michael McConnell of Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Thank you. Jen-Hsun, last conference call you had talked about Fermi and that it would be 
hitting full stride in Q2 and that would offset seasonality. You guys have guided now seasonal. Has there been any 
change regionally speaking with demand, any impact maybe Europe, or any impact with memory pricing that has led 
you guys to back off a little bit and guide seasonal for Q2? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we don't know any more or any less about what's happening out in the larger market 
than anybody else. And obviously in the overall larger market, there's some concern about seasonality. But we are 
ramping Fermi, as we had talked about before. And the success of Fermi is certainly as we expected. 

So we're going to see how it plays out here. I mean, these are couple of the – with respect to Q2, those are the two 
dynamics that you're looking at, seasonality on the one hand. On the other hand, we're ramping new products into a 
new segment that we've been out of for a couple of quarters. And so we'll see how it turns out. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: And then just looking at the Mercury data for the last couple quarters, I think your units 
last two quarters combined are up about 77% in the notebook discrete space. Should we be kind of anticipating a pause 
here as we move into the summer? And could you talk about what's been driving that very strong growth that you've 
been seeing in the notebook discrete market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The biggest factor in the growth of discrete graphics is China. The China market is the fastest 
growing notebook PC market. It also happens to be the market where we have the highest adoption of discrete GPUs. 
We believe the reason for that is because the Chinese market is much more sensitive to reviews of products, and they're 
much more – the consumers scrutinize their purchasing decision much more than elsewhere around the world. And they 
tend to be much more value-conscious. I mean, they'll go out and buy what is the best performance per dollar versus 
what brand OEMs that it comes from. And so the GeForce adoption and the inclusion of GeForce is a huge factor for 
the Chinese market. And so we're seeing very good adoption in China. 

The GeForce brand is also really popular in China. And the reason for that is because the Chinese consumers spend a 
lot of time online, and video games is big part of how they enjoy their computers. Video games and enjoying movies 
and multimedia is a big part of how people use PCs. And so that's probably the biggest factor for the growth of discrete 
GPUs. 

Now looking into the summer, we're expecting Optimus to be very successful. We've shipped at this point only a 
handful of Optimus notebooks, and I think there's 70 or so projects in the pipeline. And we're expecting the vast 
majority of them to go into production for back-to-school. 


So Optimus has turned out to have been a very big success for us because the value proposition is just so clear. You get 
the benefits of the longest possible battery life when you're using light computing. And whenever you use it – 
whenever you would like performance for your PC, Optimus instantaneously turns on the GPU and gives you amazing 
performance. And so having that uncompromising benefit in the PC in the notebook for the very first time has really 
resonated with the marketplace. So I'm hoping that our notebook business continues to do well, and we'll see how it 
turns out. 

<Q - Michael McConnell>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Mike. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Raj Seth of Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Hi. Thank you. Thanks for taking the question. Jen-Hsun, can you talk a little bit about the handset 
opportunity for Tegra? David mentioned the Microsoft milestone. I guess I'm curious within your design win base, how 
many designs are in the pipeline; when you're winning sockets, why you're winning; when you're losing, maybe as 
importantly why you're losing? Is it mostly Snapdragon you're seeing out there? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we're pretty excited about Tegra, as you can imagine. Our first-generation strategy, we 
wanted to focus on one operating system because it was our – we're a new player in this marketplace. And we focused 
all of our energy around the Microsoft Zune and Microsoft Win Mobile. 

And I'm delighted with what we were able to build. It demonstrates that NVIDIA has created an architecture that's 
extremely low-power while being very high-performance and that we know how to build phone processors. It's a big 
deal. It took us a long time to figure it out, and it's been a long-term investment. And so the Microsoft Kin and the Zune 
HD are the result of that first generation. 

On the second generation, we were able to expand to focus a lot of our energy around Android. And although it made 
sense for the first-generation Androids to use available phone processors, the follow-on generations of Android are 
really going to go after performance. And iPhones are out there. The iPhone 4G's coming. The iPad is obviously a 
revolutionary product. The bar is pretty high for all of the mobile players. And so they need a processor that can keep 
up with the A4, if not, be much better than what the A4 can do because they have to take on the leader in the space. 

And so I think the second-generation Tegra is going to do incredibly well because Android is doing incredibly well. So 
we're going to come to market with a second-generation Tegra with the third-generation Android. And so that's our 
focus now, which is the – and I think it comes together at the end of the year. And we've talked about smartphones, 
we've talked about tablets. We have a very large number of designs in pipe and flight. And so we're looking forward to 
starting in third quarter and fourth quarter many design wins to show up in production. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: So just to be clear, in the third, fourth quarter, backend of this year, we begin to see NVIDIA-powered 
Android handsets on the market, or that's when there'll be a slew of design sockets available for you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: No, we've been already working on those design sockets. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Great. And is it mostly Qualcomm that you're competing against? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: There's really only – prior to Tegra, there are only two application processor companies out 
in the mobile space, right. Basically, it's Qualcomm and TI. And they both make wonderful application processors. Our 
differentiation and our contribution to this space is where multimedia, high-resolution, snappy graphics is really 
necessary. And the first-generation smartphones had pretty low-resolution displays. And so snappy graphics and 
high-performance multimedia and high resolution just wasn't as much of an issue. 


But as you know, with iPads and next-generation smartphones, resolution is a huge issue. And you need to have very 
snappy graphics with a 10-by-7 display, if not even bigger than that, even higher resolution than that. You're just not 
going to do that with a application processor that's not designed for that. And so that's our contribution and that's our 
differentiation and that's what people are seeing out in the market. 

<Q - Raj Seth>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Raj. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish Srivastava of BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Hi. Thank you. Jen-Hsun, just to make sure that I understand your guidance in the context 
of capacity and yield, should we assume that there are no constraints anymore and all the yield issues have been 
resolved? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Let's see. I think the comment that David was making is that the yield has improved a lot. 
And TSMC has done a fabulous job improving the yields of 40-nanometer since August of last year when we first 
ramped it to now. The yield and the number of wafers that they're able to produce compounded has really helped a lot. 

And so I think that with respect to manufacturability of 40-nanometers, I think we are surely out of the woods. I think 
we can now officially say that. We are clearly out of the woods. And I think that's all David was trying to say, that 
40-nanometers at TSMC is now a world-class node and the manufacturability of it is very, very good. And so we're 
delighted with the execution from TSMC, and they've just done a fabulous job. 

With respect to overall capacity with respect to supply, the challenge is that more and more customers are getting into 
40-nanometers as well. And so we certainly aren't swimming in 40-nanometer supply. I mean, we are constrained here 
and there. I wish we had more Fermis. I wish we had more GPUs of all kinds. And so there's still not enough 
40-nanometer supply for the entire world. And so I expect that 40-nanometer supply will remain constrained for some 
time. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Sorry, Jen-Hsun. So the just to the guidance implies that there is some supply constraint 
that has not allowed you to meet demand, or there is a balance between supply and demand and what you're seeing is 
just normal seasonality and that's why the guidance. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We're seeing seasonality. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, we're pretty clear that Q2's guidance is seasonality. It's seasonality offset by the ramp of 
Fermi. And so we're not going to know how it all balances out until the end of the next quarter or end of this quarter. 
But those are the two vectors, if you will – seasonality in the mainstream market and the ramp of Fermi into GeForce, 
into Tesla, and into Quadro. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. Thanks for your patience in answering that. One real quick follow-up – last 
earnings call you had alluded to the channel inventory and how it had come back up by a week to about five weeks. 
Where are we now on the channel inventory? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The channel inventory at the moment looks healthy. But you have to look at it across all the 
geographies, and you have to look at it across the segments. The biggest lever for Q2 for us is growing into the 
performance segment that we've not been in for over two quarters. And so ramping into the performance segment is 
just the number one most important thing that we need to do right now. And obviously, since we've not been in it for a 
couple of quarters, the channel inventory for performance segment GPUs is very lean. And so we're going to be 


ramping into pent-up demand here for quite some time. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: But there's no blended number that you'd like to share with us? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I don't have anything to share with you right now. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Thanks, Am. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cassidy of Thomas Weisel. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wonder if you could give a little more detail on the 
inventory. Is it new product, product that didn't get packaged, of if you could just give a little more details on that? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Kevin, I think in the prior 
comments and in the CFO commentary, we explained it really as associated primarily with GTX 470 and 80. We 
ramped that product. We were favorably surprised with nicer yields than what we anticipated. And given the fact that 
that ramp was all occurring at the end of the quarter, there was just a limited amount of capacity we had at the backend 
to get everything out that we would have liked to have gotten out. And so hence when the quarter ended, we had some 
inventory of Fermi die that was waiting to be packaged. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay. And are you comfortable with this level, or do you expect it'll come down next quarter? 
Or for a new product ramp, do you typically increase the inventory? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, as Jen-Hsun was saying, right 
now channel inventory is very dry for product from us, particularly in that high end of the segment. Our inventory 
generally would normally be the same way on a new product ramp. But I think it'll stabilize pretty much over the 
quarter for us, and at the end – we'll see what the inventory is at the end of the second quarter. 

<Q - Kevin Cassidy>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Shawn Webster of Macquarie. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yes, thank you. Nice work on the gross margins, guys. 

<A>: Thanks a lot, Shawn. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Yes, just to close on the inventory, should we assume that channel inventory did increase 
globally? And did you – David, in terms of the outlook for inventory, did you just say that you expect it to be flat or up 
or slightly down or... 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I don't think I gave an indication 
other than the fact that we thought that our inventory issues with Fermi at the end of the quarter would naturally work 
their way out as we fulfill demand in the channel and with other customers. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, and then what... 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Shawn, the easiest way to think about the inventory situation is that we're ramping into 
Fermi, and we have a lot of ramping to do yet. The backend cycle time, the amount of testing that we have to do for 
Fermi GPUs are longer than mainstream products because they're just much, much larger GPUs. The Fermi GPU, as 
you know, is some 3 billion transistors. And so there's a lot of testing to do. And it takes longer to sort it. It takes longer 


to assemble it. It takes longer to test it. And then we do final system level testing on the GPUs before we ship them. 
And so that entire backend cycle time is many weeks. And so all of the dies that came out as we're ramping – and you 
can imagine the curve on the ramp that we're ramping up right now – a lot of the die that came out of the fab, we 
couldn't get through the backend before the end of the quarter. And so that's all part of inventory. 

Now of course we're ramping into a fresh new market and a fresh new product, and there's a lot of pent-up demand. 
And so we just need to keep the pressure on it and just keep cranking through it. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: And how much, as a percentage of your GPU revenues, was 40-nanometer this last quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Quite a bit, probably. Quite a bit. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It grew quite nicely. And when you look 
at Fermi coming into the mix along with our other 40-nanometer products, it grew pretty sizably this quarter. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: And when you saw the yield upside, was that across your whole range of 40-nanometer, or 
was it primarily Fermi-driven? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It was across the whole 40-nanometer 
range. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, and then maybe one last one from me – can you share with us trends and pricing for 
your core GPU business, either units or pricing sequentially? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, pricing should – our ASP trend should be going up because we're returning back to the 
high-end part of the market for the first time in six months plus. And so I would expect our ASP to be trending up at the 
moment. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of James Schneider of Goldman Sachs & Company. Please proceed with your 
question. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if we could start off on the 
OpEx side for a second. David, I think OpEx was ticked up just a little bit in the quarter. Are there any events like legal 
spending, or any litigation that would have caused OpEx to be up materially in the next couple quarters, or are you 
trying to keep that as flat as possible? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Well, our objective is to be flat. 
That's what we've consistently stated and so forth. When you look at our expenses, there's some expenses we can 
control, and there's some expenses we can't control. And as you look at our operating expenses in the second quarter 
and the fact they're, like you said, modestly up, it really was a result of two things that were really not largely in our 
control, one of which has to do with employee exercises of stock options where we have to pay payroll taxes on those 
as they exercise them. 

The second had to do with legal expenses, which you just mentioned. As you know, that we have a case going on 
between ourselves and Intel right now. That's certainly in full swing of depositions and so forth, which is driving – and 
discovery, which is driving a significant amount of legal expenses. But also you have to add on top of that the fact that 
the FTC has an investigation going on as well. And that investigation is entirely outside of our control, but yet we have 
to support with depositions and discovery and so forth. 


And so those are the two things that are really driving our expenses and considering that we're roughly at the peak of 
this, we don't see it tailing off this next quarter, which is why we guided flat. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Okay, perfect. And then as a follow-up, could you address why accounts receivable jumped so 
meaningfully in the quarter? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we launched two products at the 
very end of the quarter, Fermi being one of them, right? And when you launch those products at the end of the quarter, 
you end up with receivables that you collect on the next quarter. So it's primarily all related to launch activities. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: So it was all the fact that the new products were so backend-loaded in the quarter. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We launched them at the end of the 
quarter, and hence they are backend-loaded at the end of the quarter, yes. 

<Q - Jim Schneider>: Perfect. Thanks so much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Jim. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Doug Freedman of Broadpoint AmTech. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. David, can you talk a little bit about where we 
are in the MCP ramp-down and how you guys are going to manage that ramp-down? Is there any cost savings that'll 
occur as those revenues go away? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I don't – certainly there's cost 
savings. What we've tended to do is we've tended to redeploy resources into other areas of our business where we have 
other needs – in such areas as computing and mobile and so forth. 

As it relates to the vector of MCP in terms of how it's doing and so forth, we've combined that business with GPU 
organizationally and also financially. And we've indicated over time we expect the MCP business to go down, and we 
expect the discrete business to go up. And that is progressing according to plan. 

But MCP is not – as I said earlier, MCP is not ramping down. We launched our 320M product, and it's doing quite 
well. We expect it to continue to do well. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay. So to move on and look at another segment of your business, the 3D Vision products 
seem to be broadly accepted in the market. Can you give us an update on how that's going, what impact that could have 
to revenues and margins? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Margins are about corporate average right now. 3D Vision just had a record quarter. 3D 
Vision will likely have another record quarter, and followed by another record quarter is my guess. This is – at this 
point, it's pretty clear to everybody just as the future of TV is 3D, the future of PCs is 3D. And so if you would like to 
have a gaming PC or a multimedia PC and it has 3D Blu-ray, certainly it should come with 3D Vision or some 3D 
glasses that you can enjoy it with. And so I think that this is going to become part of a standard offering of consumer 
PCs in the future. And so this is a great growth opportunity for us, and one that we're really, really proud of. 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, Doug, I would just make one 
comment to add to Jen-Hsun's, and that is you've got to sell a lot of glasses to change the needle here at NVIDIA. I 
think the more important thing is the impact that 3D has on our graphics business and the fact that – the pull that it 
creates for our graphics products. I think it'll have more impact there than it will necessarily the glasses per se. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Great. Thanks for that help. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Arnab Chanda of ROTH Capital. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thank you. I have a couple of questions. First of all, if you could talk a little bit about gross 
margins, it seems like as your mix improves, your gross margins continue to go higher. In fact, it might be close or at 
an all-time high. Is that continue to occur as mix improves, or are we getting close to kind of a sort of peak here? And 
then I have one follow-up question. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hey, Arnab. Well, we haven't guided to where we think ultimately we think our gross 
margins ought to be. But ultimately on NVIDIA's gross margins ought to be in the mid 50s to high 50s. That's really 
where we ought to go. And the reason for that is because an increasing amount of our business is highly differentiated 
business where software, middleware, and other peripherals are such a large part of it. 

And as we continue to grow our Quadro business, as we continue to grow our Tesla business, as we continue to grow 
our Tegra business, where software is just such a large part of it, my expectation is that the gross margins will continue 
to reflect that. For each one of the businesses that I just described, the gross margins are better than what we are as a 
corporate standard. Two-thirds of our company's revenues come from businesses that I've just described. And – or 
profits come from business that I've just described, even though it doesn't represent nearly that much of the total 
revenues. And so my sense is that over time, as those businesses grow, our margins ought to drift towards it. And 
mixed with mainstream GeForce business, which will continue to be competitive, I think that an overall average that's 
north of 50% is logical for our company. And so we just have to get there. 

You know that, Arnab, we've been transforming our company step-by-step over the last three or four, five years, and 
moving away from just offering a fast chip to offering solutions and software that differentiates us and adds a lot more 
value to our customers. 3D Vision, for example, that was just discussed is a great example of that. It only works with 
GeForce, and so it brings a lot more value to GeForce. CUDA is another area of innovation and it only works with 
GeForce. And so over time between those kind of things and many, many examples that relate to Quadro and Tesla and 
Tegra, those value-added ideas that we bring to the marketplace will be valued we'd hope. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: So I'm sorry. I'm not sure if I heard you correctly. Did you say mid to high 50s, not 40s? I'm 
kind of having a little bit of a shock here. So I just want to make sure my ears are still working. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: That's where we should be. And maybe another way of saying that is, where we are right now 
should not be our peak and we don't expect it to be our peak. And if the mix. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: If the mix of our business continues to grow as you were referring to earlier, then they should 
naturally take us above 50%, right. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Okay. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Tesla is above 50%. Quadro is above 50%. And so if those continue to grow, we should 
certainly expect our gross margins to grow. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Okay. Well, just one follow-up question then. It seems like, given you have all these new 
products ramping, shouldn't that offset seasonality? I mean, you're still guiding seasonally when – or is there something 
going on in the end market that makes you a little cautious? If you could give us a little qualitative view on that, that'd 
be great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, you know, Q2 is Q2. And everybody has the same feelings about the overall market at 
the moment as we do, I guess. There's some amount of cautiousness and there's some amount of enthusiasm. And so I 
think that for the core – for the mainstream part of our business to be seasonal and for us to drive growth through new 
products, I think that's sensible. And we're comfortable with the guidance. And if it turns out different at the end of the 
quarter, then we can all rejoice. 


<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Thanks a lot, Arnab. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Glen Yeung of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Thanks. A couple of quarters ago or even last quarter, you talked about the idea that you were 
under-shipping demand. And now you're guiding for normal seasonal in the July quarter. So that business that you were 
under-shipping, is that something that was sort of temporal, right, it was sort of associated with the timeframe that 
we're at? Or is that lost business to competition, or how should we think about that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the market overall was pretty supply-constrained on 40-nanometers, so I don't know 
that we lost anything to the competition. But I think some demand is perishable. I mean, if you went to a PC store and 
you couldn't buy a PC, you bought probably something else, or maybe you waited. But 40-nanometers was surely 
supply-constrained, and we're still supply-constrained in certain segments of that, of the 40-nanometer product line. 

But at the moment, we see the marketplace as being relatively balanced. And looking into Q2, parts of the market is 
going to be seasonal, and parts of our business is going to be high growth. And so we're just going to have to see how it 
turns out at the end of the quarter. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. As we think about the evolution of Fermi across the larger price stack at NVIDIA over 
course of the next few quarters, how should we think about that? What's the pattern we should expect to see? When 
does Fermi sort of permeate the entire price stack? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are assembling sampling Fermis from entry-level notebook all the way to supercomputer 
Fermis. And so there are many versions that we're already sampling. So we'll going into production with it as soon as 
our customers go into production. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: And will gross margins be affected as that spreads – what's the – how does the pattern of that 
coincide with the pattern of these sampling devices? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we're guiding gross margins up next quarter. 

<Q - Glen Yeung>: Okay. All right, fair enough. Great. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Glen. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Craig Berger of Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Company. Please proceed 
with your question. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Thanks, guys. Let's see here. I guess one question I have is as we look into the back half of the 
year, should we still be looking for normal seasonality despite the, I guess, the better than Q1, meaning, said 
differently, is Q2 kind of aligned with consumption shipments here? Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The back half of the year, as I look at the back half of the year, I see that we will have more 
Fermis in production. I see that Tesla, our GPU for servers, is going to ramp up substantially because of OEMs going 
into production. This is the first Tesla that has been designed standard into OEM servers, into many, many OEM 
servers. I see that the second half, our expectation is that enterprise consumption is going to continue to grow. So 
Quadro will continue to grow. And I see that second half our Tesla smartphone and oh, excuse me, Tegra smartphone 
and tablets will go into production. 


<Q - Craig Berger>: Thank you for that. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: So my sense is that the second half, couple that with seasonality, ought to be pretty good. 
And so we need to make sure that we're very thoughtful about continuously to improve our yields and ramping up 
production. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Next question on Tegra, it obviously was down seasonally quite a bit in the first quarter. When 
do some of those design wins kick in? Who are you really focusing on to drive second-half growth? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Craig, can I correct you? Q1 for Tegra 
was not down. The segment that it was in was down, primarily related to other non-mobile businesses that roll up into 
that consumer space. But Tegra was actually up quarter-over-quarter. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Can you tell us how much? 

<A - David White, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We're really not – I think we've 
indicated in the past that when Tegra becomes meaningful, you know to where it's significant, we'll break it out. But at 
this point, it's still pretty small. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: I see. Thanks for that clarification. And then just magnitude and timing of growth, and maybe 
which customers you're really focusing on for the second half? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We don't announce our customers' products. So we'll talk about that when we go into 
production in the second half. The thing that we would love to talk about is the products that have already gone into 
production. And I'm delighted to see Microsoft's Kin get into production and all the innovative new products, new 
features that they've brought to the marketplace. And it's a new perspective in the mobile phone market, and so I'm 
excited about that. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Last question on the chipset side – I know you just launched some new product. Do you still 
expect that segment – even though you're not splitting it out, do you still expect that segment to be flattish this year? 
And kind of when do you see the inflection point in revenues maybe beginning to fall off in that segment? Thanks so 
much. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We expect chipset business to do very nicely the next 12 months – at least. 

<Q - Craig Berger>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, Craig. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna of JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Thanks very much. I know you mentioned the 330 and the MacBook Pros and the benefits they 
bring. I'm also noticing in the Windows environment a pretty nice footprint if for your Quadro product. Has Quadro in 
the mobile space been a meaningful driver to date? Is that improving, and is either 40-nanometer or Fermi coming in 
that line improving the outlook for that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Quadro has a very, very large share of the overall workstation market, both desktop and 
notebook. And the notebook is a new growth area for Quadro because, just as we do like to bring the work home with 
us, so do people who design things. And so whether it's video editing, which a lot of people – a lot of video artists like 
to do it on their laptops, or designing tennis shoes to cars, the ability to bring their work wherever they go is a very 
important capability for them. And so we see more and more people both having a workstation on their desk at work, as 
well as being able to take it with them in their notebook. 


And in the future, we're expecting the server to be a big part of our workstation business as well. Quadro into servers 
either in the form of – with display or Tesla into servers as a rendering, remote rendering capability is a new growth 
opportunity for us. More and more people would like to put their work in the cloud and be able to share that work and 
collaborate with people all over the world. And so we see those two drivers to continue to grow the Quadro market. 

But the notebook is a very important segment for us, and we have a very large footprint there. And it's a market that I 
expect to continue to grow. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: And if I could follow up, you mentioned – you say you don't preannounce your customers' 
products, but you also highlight a good roadmap for Fermi that's sampling. Can we see products or Fermi broaden its 
architecture as early as E3, or is it more of a Computext back-to-school type of timeframe? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Fermi for E3. Well, Fermi is the name of the architecture and it goes into three different 
product lines. The first one is GeForce, and that one is in large volume production now. We're ramping that very hard, 
and we've got a lot of ramping to do. We've been – because we were late with Fermi, we were out of this marketplace 
for some six months to maybe eight months. And so there's a very large pent-up demand for high-end products out 
there. So we need to grow that segment, go back into that segment as hard as we can. 

The second is Tesla. Fermi is used for GPUs in the server, and they're used for computational processors, from 
supercomputers, oil and gas seismic analysis to financial risk calculations. And so that is also growing. Just had a 
record quarter, and our expectation is we'll have yet another record quarter. 

And then the third segment of Fermi is Quadro. Quadro is our workstation graphics solution, and it's used by people 
who create movies, make movies, as well as design cars. 

And so those three products will launch in the appropriate customers and in the appropriate conferences. 

<Q - Alex Gauna>: Okay, thanks. Congratulations. Nice quarter. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Michael Hara. Please go ahead. 

Michael W. Hara, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and 
Communications 

Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to talking to you about next quarter's results. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


