Q3 2013 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robert Csongor 
• Karen Burns 
• Jen-Hsun Huang 
Other Participants 

• Alex D. Gauna 
• Romit J. Shah 
• David M. Wong 
• Harlan L. Sur 
• Brian Peterson 
• Michael C. McConnell 
• Daniel L. Amir 
• Ambrish Srivastava 
• Brett Piira 
• Dale Robert Pfau 
• Ross C. Seymore 
• Raji S. Gill 
• Craig S. Berger 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Andrica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to 
welcome everyone to the NVIDIA Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. I would now turn the call over to your host, Mr. Rob Csongor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, 
you may begin your conference. 

Robert Csongor 

Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call on third quarter of fiscal 2013 results. With me 
on the call today from NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Karen Burns, Interim 
Chief Financial Officer. After our prepared remarks, we will open up the call to a question-and-answer session. Please 
limit yourself to one initial question with one follow up. 

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's Investor Relations website 
and it's also being recorded. A replay of the conference call will be available via telephone until November 16, 2012, 
and the webcast will be available for replay until our conference call to discuss our financial results for our fourth 
quarter of fiscal 2013. The content of today's conference call is NVIDIA's property and cannot be reproduced or 
transcribed without our prior written consent. 


During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. These 
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties and our actual results may 
differ materially. For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results and business, please refer to 
the disclosure in today's earnings release, our Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended July 29, 2012, and the reports we 
may file from time to time on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

All our statements are made as of today, November 8, 2012, based on information available to us as of today and 
except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements. Unless otherwise noted, all 
references to market research and market share numbers throughout the call come from Mercury Research or John 
Peddie Research. 

During this call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAAP 
measures to GAAP financial measures in our financial release which is posted on our website. 

With that, let's begin. We are pleased to report that NVIDIA achieved record revenues and record gross margin in the 
third quarter driven by strong demand for our energy-efficient Kepler GPUs and Tegra 3, the world's only 
four-plus-one mobile quad-core processor. 

Our strategies to reinvent our Company are driving growth. They are, first, create the most energy-efficient processors. 
Second, invent mobile and cloud computing technologies that will grow us beyond the PC. And third, create solutions 
for special-purpose PC markets where we can make a significant contribution, such as gaming, design, media and 
entertainment, and GPU accelerated computing. 

This quarter, we not only grew our PC business, we also significantly increased our business beyond the PC, in tablets, 
quad-core phones, data centers and automobiles, NVIDIA processors rolled out in Q3, in a range of new devices and 
settings, from Google's Nexus 7 tablet and Microsoft's Surface to Oak Ridge National Laboratory's new supercomputer 
and Tesla's latest electric sedan which was just named Car of the Year by Automobile Magazine. 

Three years ago, non-PC revenues were 7% of total revenues. This quarter they grew to a record 30%. Our notebook 
GPU business recorded a second consecutive record quarter. In the premium segment, we increased market share with 
Kepler as part of the Ivy Bridge design cycle. Consumers are also now starting to realize that a great tablet is better 
than a cheap PC. Because of Tegra, Android and Windows RT, the entry-level PC market is now a new opportunity for 
us. 

Our desktop GPU business increased again this quarter. With improved supply now available, we delivered Kepler into 
the volume PC gaming market. With the majority of gamers using graphics cards that are below the recommended 
specifications of the wave of new games coming out, Kepler is a great upgrade for the millions of PC gamers around 
the world looking to play Assassin's Creed III, Far Cry 3 or Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 this Christmas holiday. 

Our Professional Solutions business was up driven by record quarter for Kepler. In Q3, we shipped more than 18,000 
NVIDIA Tesla K20 GPU accelerators to Oak Ridge National Laboratories for their new Titan supercomputer. With 50 
million CUDA cores working together these new Kepler-based GPU delivered 90% of Titan's 20 petaflops of peak 
processing performance, making Titan the fastest open science supercomputer in the world. 

While the Quadro business was roughly flat quarter-to-quarter, it was down from last year consistent with softness in 
the global workstation market. Our strategies to grow better than the market include new Kepler Quadro products to 
refresh Romley-based workstations in the latter part of the year, as well as new capabilities like Maximus, enabling 
both modeling and simulation in one workstation. 

In addition, this quarter we also announced the industry's first cloud-based GPU that delivers workstation graphics 
capabilities to any screen. Built on the Kepler architecture, the cloud-based NVIDIA VGX K2 GPU will allow 
engineers and design professionals to work anywhere on virtually any device and still have access to the computing and 
graphics performance of a GPU-powered workstation. 

Tegra had another record quarter driven primarily by the emergence of Tegra 3 as the applications processor of choice 
for many of the world's most popular tablets. According to Strategy Analytics data, market share for Android tablets 


grew in Q3 to 41% from Q2's 29%. Tegra 3 is now powering a number of Android tablets, including the highly 
successful $199 Google Nexus 7. It also began powering Windows PCs with the launch of Windows RT devices. These 
include Microsoft's revolutionary Surface, Lenovo's IdeaPad YoGo 11 and the ASUS Vivo Tab. 

Additionally, new Tegra 3 smartphones were released in important markets. Of note, AT&T announced that they will 
be launching the new HTC One X+, the first Tegra 3 LTE phone to ship in the U.S. market. And ZTE announced the 
U950 quad-core smartphone, which delivers Tegra 3 to a new price segment for the China smartphone market. This 
segment is about 30 million to 40 million units large. 

NVIDIA's Automotive business also delivered a record quarter and continued its steady growth as a growing number of 
leading auto brands choose Tegra to drive their infotainment and navigation systems. 

With that, let me hand the call over to Karen. 

Karen Burns 

Thanks, Rob. We had record revenue this quarter of $1.2 billion, up 15.3% quarter-over-quarter and 12.9% 
year-over-year. As in the second quarter, revenue was driven by strong demand for our Kepler GPUs in desktop and 
record performances by our notebook and Tegra products. We also achieved record gross margin on both a GAAP and 
non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP gross margin was 52.9%, up 1.1 percentage points sequentially and up 0.7 points 
year-over-year. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 53.1%, up 1.1 points sequentially and up 0.6 points from a year 
earlier. These record margins reflect the continued transition to Kepler GPUs from our previous Fermi generation and a 
mix more weighted to high-end segments. 

GAAP OpEx was $384.4 million and non-GAAP was $344.8 million, both better than our outlook. GAAP OpEx was 
down quarter-over-quarter due to the absence of a non-recurring charge of $20.1 million in Q2 related to our 
announced charitable contribution. Non-GAAP OpEx, which excluded this charge, was up slightly from the prior 
quarter driven by planned strategic hiring and higher engineering-related costs, offset by lower compensation costs, 
including FICA, and reductions in discretionary expenses. 

These results contributed to GAAP net income of $209.1 million, a 75.6% increase over the prior quarter and 17.3% 
year-over-year. That's equivalent to $0.33 per diluted share, which was up 73.7% sequentially and 13.8% 
year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $245.5 million, up 44% sequentially and 13.1% year-over-year. That's 
$0.39 per diluted share, which was a 44.4% increase sequentially and 11.4% year-over-year. 

Revenue results by business segment were as follows, our GPU business was up 10.7% sequentially and 14.7% 
year-over-year. This was due to the continued launch of our new Kepler desktop products and our OEM partners 
launching new Ivy Bridge platforms for notebooks. Our Professional business was up 12.4% sequentially due to the 
first shipments of our new Kepler based Tesla products supporting the new Titan supercomputer. Year-over-year our 
Professional business was down 4.2%. The strength in Tesla year-over-year was partially offset by the weak economic 
conditions impacting demand for our Quadro products. 

Our Consumer business was up 35.7% sequentially and 27.6% year-over-year on the strength of our Tegra business. 
Inventory in our desktop channel business remained stable at levels we believe are healthy. DSO was 34 days, down 5 
days from the prior quarter. Accounts receivable and DSO decreased in the current quarter despite the increase in 
revenue as a result of shipment linearity and strong collections. 

DSI was 69 days, down 1 day from the prior quarter. We increased inventory by $41.8 million from the prior quarter, 
largely for production builds of our Kepler GPU products in support of expected demand offset by declines in our 
Fermi-based GPUs. Our GAAP outlook for the fourth quarter is as follows, revenue of $1.025 billion to $1.175 billion, 
gross margin of 52.9%, flat from the third quarter, OpEx of approximately $400 million, and a tax rate of 20% plus or 
minus 1 percentage point. 


For non-GAAP we expect the following differences from our GAAP outlook, gross margin of 53.1% flat from Q3 and 
OpEx of approximately $359 million, which excludes stock-based compensation and certain other charges related to 
acquisitions in the aggregate of approximately $41 million. We expect our tax rate to be approximately 19% plus or 
minus one percentage point. Depreciation and amortization are expected to be in the range of $58 million to $60 
million and capital expenditures of $60 million to $70 million. Diluted shares are expected to be approximately 629 
million. 

Lastly, we are very pleased to announce that our Board of Directors has approved the initiation of a quarterly cash 
dividend and has also approved the extension of our existing share repurchase program to December 31, 2014. The 
quarterly dividend of $0.075 per share is equivalent to $0.30 per share on an annual basis and approximates an annual 
yield of about 2.4% based on yesterday's closing stock price of $12.51. 

We have increased our cash by $305.2 million this fiscal year. With cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at 
the end of the current quarter of $3.43 billion compared to $3.13 billion at Q4 fiscal 2012. We are committed to return 
cash to our shareholders and made this decision based on our strong cash position and the high confidence we have in 
our business to continue generating future cash. Thanks, Rob. 

Robert Csongor 

That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Your first question comes from Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Alex D. Gauna>: Thanks so much for taking my question. I was wondering if you could speak to underlying 
fundamentals right now in the PC business? I know that you are taking share but to the extent that you could maybe 
address how you see seasonality extending into Q1? And I was wondering if you could also speak to that same effect in 
your Enterprise business? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: You are right that we are gaining share. Our fundamentals are better than ever. Our GPU 
position is better than ever whether it is GeForce or Quadro for workstations, or Tesla for high-performance computing. 
We are increasing share. Our position is better than ever, but the end market is uncertain. The PC end market is 
uncertain, as you've seen in other businesses, and so we are going to take a rather cautious approach to our outlook. 

<Q - Alex D. Gauna>: I was wondering if maybe you can address with your modestly down sequential outlook, where 
do you think you are baking in the most conservatism and where could be the greatest opportunity for upside surprise? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: If you look at year-over-year, look at this quarter year-over-year, the business that 
underperformed all the other businesses was our Quadro business. That is related to enterprise weakness, but it is also 
associated with the fact that Romley, the server platform, was delayed by some time for workstations. It is in the 
process of ramping now and we think that held back some purchases of new workstations as people waited for this new 
platform. It is surely a lot better than the previous generation. So hopefully, as Romley gets out into the marketplace 
with the new Kepler GPUs, we are going to see the workstation market recover. But the end markets, whether it's 
notebooks or desktop, our expectation and our outlook is that it's softer than we had originally predicted. 

<Q - Alex D. Gauna>: Thanks. Congratulations on the strong result. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Thanks a lot, Alex. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Romit Shah with Nomura. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Hi. Good afternoon. Jen-Hsun, just curious, from your perspective, what's contributing to the 
uncertainty in the PC market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we're not seeing anything unusual than anybody else. The end-markets are softer than 
this time last year. I guess I'm surprised that you asked at all, although I think the overall market seems to indicate that 
the holiday season for PC sales is a little softer than expected. And it's global, it's not particularly related to one 
particular geography. But China is softer, Europe is softer, the U.S. seems okay, but the vast majority of the 
end-markets appear to be uncertain. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: The reason I asked the question is, from Intel's perspective, they've highlighted the macro as 
well as the fact that some of these other devices like tablets are eating into the PC TAM, but curious from your 
perspective if you see one issue being a bigger issue – a bigger problem than the other? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, our view of the PC TAM is that it is being eaten by tablets. And the reason for that is 
because a great tablet is surely better than a cheap PC. And these days, the tablets are so versatile and many of them are 
transformable and have hybrid tablet as well as notebook usage models. And now with the Surface, Microsoft Surface, 
and Win RT, the distinction between a PC – a cheap PC and a great tablet has all but disappeared. And in fact, we see 
our tablet business grew 100% year over year. And so I think that the PC market, especially the cheap PC market – but 
we don't really play in the cheap PC market. The low-end part of the PC market is all integrated. And so our 
opportunity is to replace and go into that marketplace with the Tegra processors and the tablets that we serve. So for us, 
the vast majority of uncertainty is just end-market at the moment. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: And then just as a follow-up, I was hoping you could give us a sense of how aggressive you 
plan to be with the buyback over the next two years. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We haven't decided. I assume that you're pleased with the dividend and we're surely pleased 
by that and our Board of Directors has extended our stock buyback plan to 2014, as Karen had said. And so we'll 
evaluate it from time to time and we'll be in the market. 

<Q - Romit J. Shah>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Romit. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Wong with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Thank you. First, a quick initiative one, you're guiding for GAAP operating expenses to rise 
sequentially in the January quarter even though your revenues are coming down. So, is there a big jump in R&D, and 
where does that come from? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Our big jump in R&D comes from really two places. One, we're in the process of going to 
market with our next-generation mobile processor. And that's – we're really excited about that next-generation 
processor and we're ramping very hard. 

The second part is our 4G LTE modem. In order for us to really gain a larger footprint in smartphones, we have to 
integrate a 4G LTE modem into our application processor. This is a brand-new market for us. Although we are already 
shipping some quantities of discrete LTE modems, the vast majority of the marketplace is really integrated. And so we 
have a next-generation application processor integrated with a next-generation LTE, and this quarter we hope to tape 
out and race it to market. And so our OpEx is increased so that we can invest in that initiative. It's obviously a very, 
very large market opportunity for us and so we're quite bullish about it. 


<Q - David M. Wong>: Okay, great. Actually related to that, can you give us some feel for what proportion of Tegra 3 
are for tablets rather than smartphones and do you expect Tegra for Windows RT tablets to be up or down in the 
January quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I will go backwards. We expect the tablet sales to be down in the January quarter because 
most of the tablets go into – we ship most of the tablet processors into manufacturing for our OEMs for their holiday 
build. Overall, our tablets are up 100% year-over-year. Our Tegra processors overall is up about 50% year-over-year. 
So that gives you a sense that the vast majority of the Tegra growth has come from tablets and super phones has been 
relatively stable. One of the reasons why we are so interested in integrating our application processor with the 4G 
modem so that we can expand the reach of our application processors into more of the smartphone marketplace. 

This is really a great opportunity for us because if you think about the number of companies in the world that can 
combine a world-class CPU, a world-class GPU, a 4G modem and have the expertise and the complicated software 
stacks necessary to partner with all of the companies on the various computing devices, there aren't really that many 
companies. And this is a great opportunity for us and so we are investing aggressively to get 4G into our product line. 

<Q - David M. Wong>: Excellent. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks a lot, David. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Harlan Sur with JPMorgan. Your line is live Mr. Sur. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Hello. Can you hear me? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Hello 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, I can. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Okay, great. Hi, Jen-Hsun. Maybe to start off, can you just give us more color directionally what 
your three segments are going to be trending in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think we are expecting our overall business to be down. And there are really two drivers of 
that. We are being cautious about the PC end markets. The entire, we are seeing relatively similar behavior across each 
one of the regions. Although our position is better than ever in GPUs and in our workstation business, the PSB business 
as well as our consumer business where the Tegra business is, we are expecting some amount of end market softness. 

The second thing I explained to David that the tablet will be down even though the devices that we are in are incredibly 
successful. The Nexus 7 is selling super well and the Surface and the Win RT devices are really exciting. However, the 
vast majority of the builds for the holidays have to happen before the holidays, so we shipped more proportionally to 
them in Q3 than in Q4. 

But overall, year-over-year, the tablet has doubled and the overall Tegra business has increased 50%. So I think we will 
see how the end markets do. And nobody is going to know until it is done. So if it does well we are really well 
positioned to take advantage of it. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Great, thanks. On the desktop GPU side, it looks like you had solid growth there in the third 
quarter. And I know that a big percentage of this business is tied to gaming. In the U.S. we have seen several new and 
much-anticipated game releases. I could clearly see that as a big demand driver for the team, but the team has often 
talked about the gaming environment in Asia as being an even bigger driver for your GeForce products. So if you could 
spend a little bit of time highlighting what are some of the trends in Asia that were responsible for the solid demand 
trends for your Kepler based products in the second half of this year? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: In fact, our GeForce business has been growing steadily and it remains robust. The driver for 
that, of course, is PC gaming. The gaming marketplace is very, very large and each one of the regions has a slightly 
different dynamic. Here in the West we're going to see a couple really huge titles coming out: Call of Duty is coming 
out this holiday season, Far Cry is coming out, and Assassin's Creed is coming out, and the anticipation is really great 
for those. 

In China, the dynamics are rather different completely. On the one hand there are no game consoles really in China, so 
the PC is the game console of China. And the second dynamic is their discovery of free-to-play, massive online 
multiplayer online games that are free to play and that people can enjoy with easy access and pay as they go. All they 
need to have is a great GeForce card and they can enjoy just about all the games they can play. 

And so I think the global PC gaming marketplace is quite vibrant and we'll just take a cautious look, a cautious posture 
going into Q4 as we're uncertain about the end-markets. But if the end-markets prove to be healthy and prove to be 
good, we are pretty well-positioned to take advantage of it. 

<Q - Harlan L. Sur>: Great. Thanks, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Hans Mosesmann with Raymond James. 

<Q - Brian Peterson>: Hi. This is Brian Peterson in for Hans. Could you talk about 28-nanometer supply and if that 
was a limitation at all this quarter and what impact that may have on your January quarter outlook? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, the 28-nanometer yield and 28-nanometer supply situation have both improved 
substantially. And so we feel pretty good about the balance of supply and demand at the moment. Brian, you still there? 

Operator 

And your next question comes from Mike McConnell with Pacific Crest. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Thanks. Looking at, just backing into the number for Tegra for fiscal Q3, I come to 
about $165 million. Is at the ballpark for Q3? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Roughly. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Okay. And then looking at the $30 million call it order backing into that, that you got 
from Oak Ridge, is that a one-time item or is that expected to continue into F Q4? One-time order, I should say. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, supercomputers are built one at a time. But there are other supercomputers that are 
going to be built around the world, if that's what – Kepler is just ramping for supercomputing, for high-performance 
computing. And so Oak Ridge and the Titan was the first supercomputer we built into. And we've been planning on this 
for over a year and so that was a very significant challenge for us. And it says something that the world's largest 
supercomputer would have chosen the Kepler GPU to power 90% of its computation. And we're hoping that Titan is 
going to deliver some amazing breakthroughs in science. 

This is the largest open science supercomputer in the world. This is the fastest open science supercomputer in the 
world. And it was also the first supercomputer that we delivered Kepler to. At this point, we have supercomputers all 
over the world that we need to go build out. The run rate for Kepler is about 2x the run rate of Fermi one year ago. And 
so this is, it really shows that people understand now that GPU-accelerated supercomputing or GPU-accelerated 
high-performance computing is really the most energy-efficient and also dollar-efficient way of computation. 


And so I think we're starting to see that we're about reaching the tipping point of accelerated computing here and we're 
really excited about it. It's been quite a journey and quite an investment. But now CUDA is impacting every aspect of 
our business. In Tesla you could see the progress there that we just talked about. CUDA is also to making it possible for 
workstations and design applications to design and simulate at the same time. CUDA is also making it possible for our 
PC gaming GeForce to be able to use simulation for special effects and materials and dynamics in the virtual world. 
And so CUDA has proven to be a real lift for our entire GPU business. And I would go so far as to say that because of 
CUDA, we have kept the GPU continuing to grow into more and more applications and as a result continue to grow the 
business. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Just want to be clear. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: I'm sorry. Go ahead. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Just on your first question, just a clarification, as we disclosed in the CFO commentary, the CPB 
increase quarter-over-quarter, that is almost entirely Tegra. So I think your number was a bit understated. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Okay. Then, Jen-Hsun, just one longer term question on Tegra, a few of us attended 
ARM's Tech Conference last week and there was a session with Samsung. And they were pretty straightforward that 
with Exynos, they're going to be looking at more of a merchant strategy going forward. And then they also expressed 
some pretty strong interest in Windows RT. As you look at the competitive landscape next year for Tegra, the resources 
that Samsung has, their own fabrication facilities, does that alter your view of the competitive landscape at all when 
you think about Samsung potentially getting involved in this business segment? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well Samsung is surely a formidable company. And to most customers, Samsung is just 
downright scary. And you've heard Asia's posture about Samsung. So I think that our focus is pretty simple. We have to 
continue to stay ahead of them technologically and we have the capability to do so. We are one of the few companies in 
the world that have the ability to do so in the area of computing. 

Number two, we are a neutral and a friendly partner for all of the companies that Samsung competes against and in 
most of these devices that you are talking about, it is not like selling a DRAM. It's like collaborating to build 
computers. And so it is engineers working hand-in-hand with other engineers. And so there is concern about trade 
secrets, there is concerns about confidentiality, we are one that they have no concerns about. 

And so, we're not going to win everywhere, but as you know, Tegra is a small business. We still have an opportunity to 
grow well over 50% each year and surely as we look into next year between our next generation processor, the new 
segments that we are in and the fact that we are going to introduce our own 4G integrated modem processors, I think 
our growth opportunity is pretty exciting. 

<Q - Michael C. McConnell>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Okay. Thanks a lot, Mike. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Daniel Amir with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Daniel L. Amir>: Thanks a lot. A couple of questions here, first of all, from a housekeeping perspective on the 
tax rate here, how should we be looking at the tax rate into next year? And then I have one follow up. 

<A - Karen Burns>: The tax rate is as we disclosed as far as our best outlook. Next year, who knows? We just got the 
elections done and we will see what Congress does and what our new President will be able to drive. 

<Q - Daniel L. Amir>: Okay. And then to follow-up a bit to the previous question, where do we stand in Project 
Denver? What is the latest there? What is your thought a bit about how the ARM market will develop and NVIDIA's 
position there? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Project Denver is a 64-bit processor. It is a full custom v8 64-bit processor with some 
exciting secret sauce. We haven't revealed much about it. There are no 64-bit processors shipping today, as you know, 
and v8 was just announced, the next 64-bit was just announced. And so I guess the only thing I can tell you is Denver is 
going great. 

<Q - Daniel L. Amir>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ambrish Srivastava with BMO. 

<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Thank you, Jen-Hsun. That was a good response. At least you gave your perspective to 
Mike's question. But I just wanted to follow up on that a little bit. The analogy between the tablet market and the PC 
market, correct me if I'm wrong, in the PC market you had refreshes between you and AMD and you would, on the 
back of your architecture, you would win a socket and lose a socket and that could last a year and a half. But as I look 
at the tablet market, so you've got a marquee design win Google 7 – Nexus 7, and then the 10 goes back to Samsung. Is 
there anything different here that you can drive that can lead to more sustainability of design wins? And not just at 
Google, just kind of broadly. And again I wanted to just put that out there that you guys have done a good job in not 
sitting idly and targeting, going after the mobile space and expanding your TAM. 

And then my quick follow-up, Jen-Hsun, if I may, the low-end TAM you mentioned, how big is that TAM for you on 
the low-end PC side that you did not address before? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, I could tell you what our focus is. Our focus is to build the world's best mobile 
computers and to do that, you need to have a great SoC, you need to have a great GPU, and you need to have 
extraordinary software capability and there are multiple platforms. There's Android, there's Android phones, there's 
Win RT, there's Linux, there's Chrome, there's Windows 8 phone, there's quite a few platforms. And we have the 
capacity as a company both technologically as well as resources to be able to partner with many of these companies, 
these ecosystem owners to build these great computers. 

And you're right, we're not going to win them all, but as you can see, we win our fair share and we're winning more and 
more every day. We won about 100% more this year than we did last year. And my hope is that we'll win even more 
next year. And every time we expand the reach of our company into new platforms, and this year it was Win RT, it 
really expanded the reach of our company and expanded our growth. And so we're just going to keep – stay focused on 
that. And one of the attributes of our company is technology leadership. You can trust us to partner deeply with us to 
build these complicated devices. And I think that's a real virtue. 

With respect to the size of the PC TAM, you're alluding to and what I also believe and now what the world is seeing, 
that a great tablet is every bit better than a cheap PC. And that is the reason why tablets are gaining the favoritism of 
consumers all over the world. It's easier to use, it's more delightful to use, and it's more useful. And the cheap PC 
market represents probably a couple hundred to 200 million units a year. The vast majority of the world's PCs are 
affordable PCs, as you know. They're cheap PCs. And that segment is now wide open as these mobile processors 
become more and more capable. And you know the disruption comes from the bottom. The disruption comes from the 
bottom because the volumes are so high. 

In just two years' time, this year we'll probably ship around 30 million Tegra processors. And that just happened in the 
blink of an eye. And that's and yet there's enormous markets ahead of it. And so once an instruction set architecture like 
the ARM CPU reaches critical mass and the developers all focus on it, it becomes more and more valuable. And it 
becomes more useful. And as more companies drive and compete in this ecosystem in this marketplace, we make the 
SoCs better and better and before you know it, it disrupts the market above. And the market above is directly above the 
tablet is the cheap PC market. So that's a big opportunity for us, especially now with Win RT. So I'm super excited 
about it. 


<Q - Ambrish Srivastava>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Ambrish. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Craig Ellis with Caris & Co. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Great. Thanks for taking my question. This is Brett Piira here for Craig. Obviously with Integra you 
are doing well in tablets. Can you talk a little bit about the smartphone mix you have in there? And the design wins you 
have compared to, I think you've referenced 30 before? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: This year for super phones we did about as well this year as we did last year. Last year, we 
had Motorola, we had LG, we had some others. This year we had the benefit of working with HTC, Fujitsu, the number 
one in Japan, ZTE and with Wayne, our next generation processor, we will have even more. 

So each year we are able to gain the trust and develop the reputation to work with more and more smartphone 
companies. And so we're going to continue to expand in that segment. For us to really grow in the smartphone 
marketplace, as you know, we need to really integrate a modem. And that's one of the reasons why we, well that's the 
reason we bought this really great company and called Icera and we have 4G LTE now certified at AT&T with a beta 
site and we are in the process of working on voice. 

One of the reasons why our OpEx is high, increased for next quarter is our increased investment in our integrated 
application processor and 4G product. And so if we can get that to market soon and which we hope, we will be able to 
expand our smartphone opportunity quite dramatically. And now that we have the software stack developed with each 
one of the phone companies, the opportunity could be quite significant for us. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Okay. Thanks. And then on the GPU side, can you talk about the trends you are seeing within 
obviously I think ASP should probably be up within the GPU, but how much was that up compared to units per 
quarter? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I think Karen can tell you the exact numbers. But overall with the exception of Quadro, 
which was down year-over-year, it was down year-over-year not because we lost any share or because the ASP was 
down, in fact ASP was stable and gross margins were stable. Our position in the marketplace was better than ever. The 
workstation marketplace was just generally soft. Two reasons as I mentioned earlier: the end-market was soft and the 
delay of the Romley platform, workstation platform caused some delayed buying in the marketplace. But overall, the 
GPU marketplace, our GPU business was up about 15% year-over-year. And I would think that the ASPs was up. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Yes, so volume was fairly – I mean we had an increase in volume but I think the bigger piece is 
we are selling more Kepler GPUs. And those are at higher ASPs than our older generation Fermi. So as far as the mix 
in GPU, it's much richer. So yes, ASP higher overall. 

<Q - Brett Piira>: Okay, understood. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Dale Pfau with Cantor Fitzgerald. 

<Q - Dale Robert Pfau>: Could you talk a little bit about the integration of the voice stack on your Icera baseband 
with your applications processor? Other companies historically have struggled with this. Could you tell us where you 
are and if you're still on track to introduce your Grey to the market here in, what, the first calendar quarter I think 
originally was where you were going to do it? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Backwards: Grey is on track. And we have already shipped a voice stack on our Icera 
modem. We shipped it with ZTE. And our focus now is really, and that's a 3G data modem, 3G stack. We're now 
moving all of our focus to 4G and LTE. And so it is a very significant effort and we have been endeavoring there for 
some time now and we're quite enthusiastic about going to market with Grey. 

<Q - Dale Robert Pfau>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Ross Seymore with Deutsche Bank Securities. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Thanks. First of all, congrats on the solid results and especially on instituting the dividend. 
That's always a positive move. In the Consumer business and, more specifically, in the Tegra business, Jen-Hsun, how 
do you think about balancing the profitability versus the growth as you go forward in that? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we've been investing in Tegra now for a few years. But mobile computing, as you 
know, is the future of computing. There is no computing beyond mobile computing in the future. Every computer will 
be mobile. And so this isn't really a question about are we expecting to be more or less profitable in Q3 or Q4. This is 
really about the future of the industry. And we, for all of the good fortune and good decisions, have found ourselves in 
a pretty great place in mobile computing. And I think that we have now an opportunity to integrate our 4G modem and 
expand deeper into the smartphone market, continue to execute our roadmap and because of the enormous implications 
of Win RT, give us the opportunity to grow into the PC marketplace. 

The future of cheap PCs is really tablets, great tablets. There will likely be Win RT tablets. They may very well be 
Android tablets. I could even imagine them being Chrome tablets. And so these are – and these tablets have keyboards, 
of course, so they're sometimes touch tablets, sometimes they're a notebook. But I think we all recognize now that this 
is likely the future of the computer industry. And so I think we find ourselves in a really exciting time and Win RT just 
went to market. I'm really excited about it. We're seeing people using it all over and next year I think we're going to see 
even more. And so this is pretty exciting stuff. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: I guess as my follow up just sticking with the Tegra side and some of the modem comments 
you made earlier, as far as either the voice side of LTE or the fully integrated side, is there any sort of benchmarks 
timing-wise that we can look forward to as to when you expect those products to be available? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, we're taping out products now. We're taping out our integrated product now. And that's 
really the product that, in about a year's timeframe, will really, really matter to get us into a larger part of the 
smartphone market. In the meantime, we're also ramping into the marketplace our next generation application 
processor. And so we're looking forward to a new generation of super phones that we'll be in. But the real big 
opportunity's going to come with integrated 4G modem, a processor that we internally call Grey. 

<Q - Ross C. Seymore>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks a lot, Ross. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Raji Gill with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: Yes. Thanks and congrats as well. A couple questions on Tegra if I can. You talked about 
developing an integrated baseband and app processor to compete against Qualcomm, I would presume, which is the 
dominant player there. If you look at where Qualcomm is positioned in terms of its end customers, obviously they have 
Apple and they're benefiting from that. How do you intend to kind of take share away from Qualcomm in the market? 


And how do you look at the market in smartphone, which is bifurcated between the high-end, which is Samsung and 
Apple, and the low-end, which is ZTE and Huawei. How do you look at the smartphone market and how do you 
position your products relative to the competition? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. First of all, think you very much, Raji. I think first of all, we have already taken share 
from the mobile processor companies. The fact that Tegra is already a multi-hundred million dollar business on its way 
to being much larger is taking share from someone. So we are brand new to this marketplace. And we've only been in it 
for two years. We are obviously, we are clearly holding our own. 

Our position is where computing is richest. If computing and a general-purpose computing platform matters, if 
performance matters, technology leadership matters, I think we can make a real contribution. When you think about 
integrated modems, you are right that more companies are becoming vertically integrated. That's going to affect all of 
us. Samsung's desire probably, based on some questions earlier, is not to buy chips from other companies, any 
companies. But we don't have Samsung as a customer today and nor do we have Apple, so we have nothing to lose. But 
there are many other customers that I think are going to be pretty terrific to work with. And, whether it's global Tier 1s, 
the global brands, whether it's LG or ZTE or HTC or Sony or Fujitsu or, I mean there's a large list of global phone 
brands that we'd love to partner with and that we are partnering with. 

There is also China. The dynamics of China is very, very different than the dynamics of the rest of the world. They 
have many different modem standards. They have a very large number of phone companies. And we have the software 
engineering capacity to be able to partner with them and to help them build amazing phones. And so, I surely see what 
you see, that there are vertical integration and that they will continue to do that, however there is a very large market of 
hundreds of millions of phones that we can go and make a contribution to. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: Very good. One last question, as you look to fiscal year 2014 on the Tegra side, any thoughts in 
terms of what the mix could be between tablets and smartphones and along those lines, do you see ARM-based Tegra 
processors in the notebook market gaining some traction in fiscal year 2014 or calendar 2013? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Sure. We have several segments for Tegra. There's Tegra Android phones. There is Tegra 
Android Tablets. There is Tegra Win RT, PCs. And there's Tegra Automotive. The car is the most mobile computer of 
all. And people know that all the cars want to incorporate computers for all kinds of reasons, whether it's infotainment, 
navigation or driver assistance. This is an area where we can add an enormous amount of value. And next year I think 
you are going to find that we are going to find that auto is likely be its first $100 million year. Win RT is likely to be 
much larger next year than this year and Tegra tablet will continue to be quite a rich business for us and then there's 
Tegra phones. 

If you look at it from that perspective, tablets and automotive, the Android tablet, Win RT tablet and automotive will 
represent the largest proportion of the overall Tegra business. And the year after that I hope that with our integrated 
modem Tegra could be a much larger part of the business. 

<Q - Raji S. Gill>: Great. That was excellent. Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: With respect to PCs, tablets are the modern PCs. 

<A - Robert Csongor>: I think we have time for one more question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Craig Berger with FBR Capital. 

<Q - Craig S. Berger>: Hello. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on the 28-nanometer Kepler GPUs. I 
mean the pricing has been great, the gross margins seemed to have been good. Can you help us understand what are the 
factors that might impact gross margins for that product, which way you think they'll be going as presumably yields 
improve, as wafer costs decline and I guess ASPs decline? How do we think about GPU margins forward? And also 
how much is Fermi versus Kepler? Thank you. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, pricing is stable. Pricing is stable because our position in the market and the markets 
we serve is better than ever. A lot of people see our GPU business as a components business selling into PCs. But that 
is part of it. We sell GPU components to notebook OEMs, and there the margins are much tighter. 

However, the other parts – the vast majority of our GPU's profits come from what Rob called earlier the special 
purpose PCs, PCs that are built for PC gaming, gamers build it for PC gaming. This is, our GPU architecture, our GPU 
stack, the software that we dedicate to games and the work that we do with game developers all over the world makes 
the GeForce architecture the best in the world for PC gaming. The work that we do with workstations whether it's 
automotive, manufacturing, digital content creation, digital broadcast, the augmented reality imagery that you saw on 
CNN for the election where the virtual sets looked so real it's almost like the broadcaster or the commentator was inside 
a pretty amazing room, all that stuff is done using NVIDIA's Quadro GPUs. That's very software intensive and the vast 
majority of the value we deliver is software. 

And then of course, high-performance computing with Tesla, tools, compilers, libraries, the computational 
mathematicians we have all around the world to help people optimize their software, the solution architects that are out 
in the field working with large customers like Oak Ridge National Labs so that we can help them build their 
supercomputers. These businesses, the Tesla business, the Quadro business, the GeForce PC gaming business are 
incredibly software intensive. And there our margins are very good and the pricing is stable. And the reason for that is 
because we add a lot of value. And so my expectation is as we continue to solidify our position in the marketplace and 
we continue to add value to our customers, the pricing should be stable. 

<Q - Craig S. Berger>: Jen-Hsun, did you say how much was Fermi versus Kepler in the quarter just ended? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I didn't but – go ahead. 

<A - Karen Burns>: Well, we don't really disclose that. The point I was making before is, like Jen-Hsun said, the price 
is stable depending on the segment you're in. So if you're in a high-end segment, you have a certain ASP. And then the 
only point about Fermi is as we move through a new generation, the older generations go further down the stack, so 
they're lower ASP. 

<Q - Craig S. Berger>: Okay. And then as a follow-up question, can I ask one on the baseband efforts? It sounds like 
you're getting close to taping out an integrated part. I'm assuming that's 4G LTE. Are there specific geographies you're 
going to be targeting first? Obviously the world's a big place, they all require different software stock stacks. And just 
what's your rollout strategy there as you go against much larger competitors? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We'll start with the U.S. We're nearing sampling of a discrete 4G LTE modem, and then 
we're taping out an integrated 4G LTE modem – integrated 4G application processor and that's the reason why we're 
increasing our investment. 

<Q - Craig S. Berger>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. Thank you, Craig. 

Robert Csongor 

Okay. I think that's what we have time for today. We look forward to talking to all of you next quarter about our Q4 
results, and thank you, everyone. 

Operator 

This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


