Company Name: NVIDIA 
Company Ticker: NVDA US 
Date: 2007-02-13 
Event Description: Q4 2007 Earnings Call 

Q4 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and thank you for holding. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Michael Hara, NVIDIA's Vice 
President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin your conference. 

Michael W. Hara, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications 

Thank you operator. Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Good afternoon and welcome to NVIDIA's conference 
call for the fourth fiscal quarter ended January 28, 2007. On the call today for NVIDIA are Jen-Hsun Huang, NVIDIA's 
President and Chief Executive Officer and Marv Burkett, NVIDIA's Chief Financial Officer. 

Before we begin today's call, I would like to take care of some general administrative items. Your lines have been 
placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer segment of today's call. During this call, we will discuss 
some non-GAAP measures about net income, net income per share and gross margin and other line items from our 
consolidated statements of income when talking about our results. You can find a full reconciliation of these measures 
to GAAP in our financial release which is posted on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.nvidia.com. 

This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Please be aware that if you 
decide to ask a question, it will be included in both our live transmission as well as any future use of the recording. 
Also, shareholders can listen to a live webcast of today's call and view our financial release at the NVIDIA Investor 
Relations website. The webcast will be available for replay until the company's conference call to discuss its financial 
results for its first quarter fiscal 2008. 

During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. 
Forward-looking statements, including statements as to our outlook, the use of non-GAAP measures, the benefit and 
impact of acquisitions, our products and technologies, design wins, key objectives, growth and growth drivers, market 
share in Windows Vista, DX10, and HD/Blu-ray DVD, pertain to future events and are subject to a number of 
significant risks and uncertainties. The company's actual results may differ materially from results discussed in any 
forward-looking statements. 

For a complete discussion of factors that could affect the company's future financial results and business, please refer to 
the company's Form 10-KA for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2006, Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-QA, 
and the reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are 
made as of the date hereof based on information available to us today, and except as required by law, the company 
assumes no obligation to update any such statements. The content of the webcast contains time-sensitive information 
that is accurate only as of February 13th, 2007. 

Consistent with requirements under Regulation FD, we will be providing public guidance directly in the conference call 
and will be unable to provide significantly more information in off-line conversations or during the quarter. Therefore, 
questions around our financial expectations should be asked during this call. 

At the end of our remarks there will be time for your questions. In order to allow more people to ask questions, please 
limit yourself to one question. After our response, we will allow one follow up question. 

I will now hand the call over to Jen-Hsun. 


Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Mike. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Today we are pleased to report record revenue of 878.9 
million for fourth quarter. This is our fourth consecutive record quarter. Year over year fourth quarter revenue grew 
39%. For the year we delivered record revenue of 3.07 billion, an increase of 29% over the previous year. 

Let me highlight some of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007 results and achievements. As a note, all share numbers 
quoted are from Mercury Research unless otherwise noted. 

Non-GAAP annual gross margin for the year reached a company high of 43.2%, an increase of 490 basis points year 
over year. GAAP annual gross margin was 42.4%. Non-GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter reached a company 
high of 44.2%, an increase of 130 basis points sequentially from the third quarter of fiscal 2007 and 400 basis points 
year over year. GAAP gross margin was 43.9%; non-GAAP net income of 577.9 million, an increase of 91% 
year-over-year. GAAP net income was a record 448.8 million. 

We launched multiple industry-defining products during the year: the revolutionary GeForce 8800, the industry's most 
powerful GPU and the first DX10 unified shader GPU; nForce 400 family, the industry's first single-chip motherboard 
GPU chipset; PureVideo HD, the industry's first solution for full HD Blu-ray processing; Quadro Plex, the world's first 
ultra-high-density visual computing system; and the revolutionary CUDA architecture for GPU computing. 

We maintained our number one position in desktop GPUs. The desktop GPU business delivered a record year with 1.24 
billion in revenue, growing 11% year over year. Our share in the performance segment grew to over 85%, up from 79% 
the year earlier. We captured the number one notebook GPU position with our share increasing to 58%, up 20% from 
the previous year. Notebook GPU revenue grew 122% year over year. Our overall PC graphic share increased from 
18% a year ago to 29% today. 

The nForce MCP product line achieved record revenue for its tenth consecutive quarter. Revenue grew over 16% 
sequentially from the third quarter and 89% year-over-year. The Quadro Professional product line achieved a record 
revenue, an increase of 24% from the fiscal quarter 2006, fourth quarter fiscal 2006. The handheld GPU product line 
delivered $108 million in revenues, an increase of 85% from the previous year. Sony launched the PlayStation 3 with 
our RSX GPU. 

We completed the acquisition of PortalPlayer, a leading supplier of software and SoC application processors for mobile 
devices like Apple's iPod. NVIDIA was named The Most Respected Public Company by the members of the Fabless 
Semiconductor Association. And finally, with AMD's acquisition of ATI, NVIDIA became the only independent GPU 
company in the world. 

We are pleased with our record year; particularly we are very pleased with our strategic position going into fiscal 2008. 
Let me turn the call over to Marv to discuss our financial results in more detail. I will return in a moment to address our 
growth opportunities. 

Marvin D. Burkett, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Jen-Hsun. Today, we are reporting both GAAP and non-GAAP P&Ls for Q4 and fiscal year '07. As Jen-Hsun 
said, revenue for the fourth quarter was 879 million which is up 7.1% or $58 million from the third quarter. Revenue 
for the fiscal year was 3.07 billion, which is up 29% year over year. 

In the fourth quarter, growth was led by MCP products which increased by 16% quarter to quarter and as Jen-Hsun said 
was a record for the tenth consecutive quarter. Total MCP revenue grew 88% for the whole fiscal year. Professional 
Solutions products grew by 14% sequentially and also set a record for revenue. In the desktop GPU business, the 
GeForce 8800 products grew by more than $50 million, but were offset by weakness in some of the GeForce 7 products 
particularly in the channel. Memory grew by 10 million quarter to quarter. 

Our Consumer Electronics revenue increased 40% sequentially driven by significantly higher contributions of royalty 
payments which more than offset a decline in NRE. ASPs were slightly down in desktop GPUs and relatively flat 
everywhere else. We closed the purchase of PortalPlayer on January 5th, but the revenue contribution from Portal was 
not significant: approximately $1 million. 


For gross margin in the quarter, we reported non-GAAP gross margin of 44.2% and GAAP gross margin of 43.9%. Our 
45% target is getting close. GPUs, MCPs and handheld business units all improved gross margin quarter to quarter. As 
a company we continue to work hard on improvement. 

Operating expenses for the quarter were 247 million on a GAAP basis and 203 million on a non-GAAP. The 
non-GAAP eliminated stock based compensation of 34 million before tax effect and it eliminated 13.4 million of 
in-process R&D associated with the PortalPlayer acquisition. The 203 million included one month of PortalPlayer 
expenses which totaled approximately $5 million and also included legal and accounting fees associated with the 
restatement of approximately 4 million, the restatement which was filed in December. 

Including PortalPlayer, we added 456 new employees during the quarter and exited the year with 4,083 employees. For 
the year, we added over 1,300 new employees. 

Depreciation in the quarter was 30 million. The tax rate for the fiscal year and for the fourth quarter included the 
benefit of Congress passing the R&D tax credit retroactive to the beginning of calendar year 2006. This resulted in 
lowering both our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates. It lowered the GAAP tax rate by 7 percentage points to slightly 
over 9% for the year and obviously a negative tax rate of 8% for the fourth quarter. 

For non-GAAP it lowered our fiscal year '07 rate by 6 percentage points to 10% and resulted in a negative tax rate of 
3% for the quarter. All of this resulted in GAAP net income for the quarter of 164 million or $0.41 per diluted share 
and a non-GAAP net income of 206 million or $0.53 per diluted share. 

On the balance sheet, we exited the year with 1.12 billion in cash and marketable securities which was down 56 million 
from the prior quarter. This is after paying approximately 160 million net of cash and marketable securities for the 
acquisition of PortalPlayer and repurchasing $100 million worth of stock. For the year we repurchased 276 million 
worth of shares at an average cost of $26.80. As a company we generated more than 500 million in operating cash flow 
during the year. 

Accounts receivable grew by 79 million quarter to quarter as Q4 was back-end loaded. Our receivables are current and 
DSO was at 53.7 days. Inventory declined by 19 million and resulted in days sales of inventory of 65 days. We grew 
inventory of the GeForce 8 family and decreased the inventory of older products. Accounts payable decreased by 52 
million quarter to quarter. 

Now for the outlook for Q1 fiscal year '08. For revenue, we expect a normal seasonal decline associated with the PC 
business of approximately 5%. Although we believe our market and competitive position in each of our business units 
continues to be very strong, there are no significant industry growth drivers to offset seasonality. 

Although we are enthusiastic about Vista's impact on our business, we will be cautious in the first quarter. We expect a 
decline in memory from the Q4 levels. We expect a revenue contribution from PortalPlayer of less than 10 million in 
the quarter. 

For gross margin, we will continue to work hard to keep them flat to perhaps slightly improving. On operating 
expenses we have to absorb a full quarter of PortalPlayer which will cause an increase of approximately 10 million 
from Q4. However, we believe that even with the additional expense we may be able to keep operating expenses flat 
with Q4 as we focus on expense controls and restrict head count additions. We will get a small benefit in tax rate for 
the first quarter of fiscal year '08 as we are projecting a tax rate of 14% for both GAAP and non-GAAP. 

With that I'll turn it back to Jen-Hsun. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Marv. As we look ahead at fiscal 2008, we are very excited about numerous growth drivers impacting each of 
our product lines. Let me discuss each of them in detail. First, our GeForce desktop and notebook GPU business. 
GeForce 8800 is the world's first DX10 Unified Shader Architecture GPU. It also incorporates PureVideo HD, the 
highest visual quality video processor for PC, and the only full HD video processing solution for HD and Blu-ray 
DVD. GeForce 8800 is now available from virtually every PC OEM system builder worldwide and in most e-tail and 
retail outlets. 


Since October, we shipped nearly 400,000 GeForce 8800s. Our focus for desktop GPU is to leverage our leadership 
position with GeForce 8 into the mainstream market. We are ramping production on our GeForce 8 family of notebook 
GPUs, the industry's first DX10 and high-definition video GPU for notebooks. GeForce 8 will be the only DX10 GPU 
shipping in the upcoming Santa Rosa notebook launch. We expect our share of notebook GPUs to take another step up 
after this spring transition. 

We are looking forward to an exciting year for our GPU business. Vista has shipped. This is the first operating system 
to present as a standard the power of the GPU to all applications. Applications from Office to Web 2.0 applications can 
now incorporate beautiful 3D effects because hundreds of millions of PCs will have Vista. With Vista, DX10 and HD 
Blu-ray DVD as the highlighted technologies for PC this year, 3D graphics will become an ever-central part of our 
computing experience and the GPU will be more important than ever. 

Our nForce MCP business: driven by the broadest product line of AMD-based chipsets supporting 8p commercial 
servers to consumer desktops and notebooks, we have become the number one supplier of MCPs for AMD-based PCs. 
We ended the calendar year as the industry's second largest supplier of chipsets, having more than tripled our share 
from just two years ago. 

OEMs have embraced our unique strategy of offering single-chip MCPs designed specifically to reduce space and 
power consumption while offering outstanding quality and performance. Our motherboard GPU product line is favored 
by PC manufacturers around the world. These customers prominently feature our GeForce brand to differentiate their 
PCs from basic integrated graphics. Our 'Graphics by NVIDIA' logo is proudly on display on new Windows Vista PCs 
on retail shelves all around the world. 

In Q4 we announced our new nForce 680i SLI for Intel CPUs. Our new product line was received enthusiastically by 
customers and reviewers around the world and quickly became the top selling, high-end motherboard in multiple e-tail 
and retail chains. The NVIDIA nForce brand is unambiguously recognized as the best chipset for performance PCs and 
dominates the top 10 rankings in the majority of industry motherboard reviews worldwide. 

For fiscal 2008, our key growth objectives are to deliver exciting new motherboard GPU products for the Intel CPU 
segment and maintain our leadership position on the AMD platforms. We believe that Intel-based customers will 
demand the NVIDIA GeForce branded motherboard GPUs and we expect an enthusiastic response to our launch later 
this year. 

Now our Quadro Professional Solutions Group business. NVIDIA's Quadro Professional business had an outstanding 
year. Annual revenue grew 21% versus fiscal 2006. NVIDIA Quadro is recognized as the standard for professional 
graphics solutions needed to solve the world's most complex visual computing challenges in the manufacturing, 
entertainment, medical, science and aerospace industries. This year we introduced Quadro Plex, an entirely new 
category of visual computing solutions. Quadro Plex brings the level of graphics scalability and processing density that 
was simply not possible before. 

In Q4 we began seeding the industry with our GeForce 8 GPU enabled with CUDA, a revolutionary technology and 
compiler that for the first time allows programmers to write C language applications for GPUs. GeForce 8 and CUDA 
will enable a new class of high-performance computing we call GPU Computing. With a CUDA-enabled GPU, the PC 
will enable engineers and scientists to harness the awesome power of programmable GPUs to solve mathematically 
intensive problems that were previously cost-prohibitive. Based on the early response we're getting from programmers, 
scientists and engineers, it is apparent that we are delivering an enabling technology that will profoundly change a 
number of compute-intensive industries. 

We believe GPU computing will usher in an era of the personal supercomputer and will dramatically accelerate the 
adoption of new methods from computational chemistry to computational finance to computational genomics. This is 
an exciting new application of the programmable GPU. We look forward to telling you more about GPU computing 
throughout the coming year. 

Our GoForce mobile application processor and GPU business. In the fiscal year 2007, our mobile business grew 
revenue to $108 million, an increase of over 85%. The Mobile Group enjoyed tremendous success in Europe this 
summer with the successful rollout of the world's largest DVB-H trial. 

The Samsung P910 device delivered world-class World Cup content to well over 0.5 million consumers. Our mobile 
TV success continues in the APAC region with two exciting new handsets coming from Japan this month. The Kyocera 
W51K and W52K both support the ISDB-T Japanese mobile TV standard. 


We completed the PortalPlayer acquisition on January 5th and it marks our entry into the SoC application processor 
business. Up to now, our mobile strategy has been to focus on establishing ourselves in the mobile market as the leader 
of multimedia technologies, leveraging our deep expertise in graphics, video and image processing. With PortalPlayer's 
expertise in building extremely low-power application processors for personal media players, we're now positioned to 
deliver amazing SoCs that combine our world-class application processors and GPUs. 

Our objective in the mobile business group is to build a new class of application processors that will power 
next-generation devices like Apple's iPhone, the Blackberry Pearl and other exciting smartphones and PMPs over the 
horizon and help drive what I believe will be the next computer revolution, where the mobile device is no longer just a 
phone, but becomes our most personal computer. 

We'd be happy to take your questions now. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Edelstone with Morgan Stanley. 

<A - Michael Hara>: Hello, Mark? No Mark. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: ...here over the next six months or so, and then I had a follow-up on the application processor. 

<A - Michael Hara>: Hey Mark, your question got cut out in the first part. Can you repeat it, please? 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: Oh yes, sorry. Just wanted to see if Jen-Hsun could talk a little bit about the rollout of the rest 
of the GeForce 8000 family here over say the next several quarters. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The core of our business starts from first building the basic architecture itself and it usually 
starts at the enthusiast segment. The GeForce 8800 has beat the competition to market by well over six months and 
counting. And so it is the core by which we build our notebook GPU family, our, the rest of our desktop GPU family, 
our professional graphics solutions, our GPU computing products, as well as our motherboard GPU products or what 
we call, what other people call "integrated graphics". So it is the core to a lot of other businesses that we are in today. 

And the GeForce 8800 has ramped up very nicely, as you know Mark. And at the moment, every single one of the 
businesses I have just mentioned are in the process of taking that GeForce 8 core and driving it deep into their business. 
And so we are not ready to announce any products today. But I can assure you that every single one of those businesses 
have GeForce 8 throughout their product, and are either ramping already or on the verge of ramping production. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: And so, really, can you just give us a sense of as to when you expect to see the cross-over so 
that the GeForce 8 family overall becomes your highest unit volume product? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Unit volume, Mark? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Unit volume or revenue....? 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: Whichever one you'd like to address will be fine. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, I think in terms of units, it's going to take well into the later part of the year, if not 
early next year. And the reason for that is because the GeForce 7 is such an incredibly efficient architecture. And it is 
the lowest cost Vista Premium solution that we know. And so my sense is that we are going to continue to see quite a 
bit of success in GeForce 7 for people who would like to put together the lowest cost Vista Premium machine and so 
the volumes of the GeForce 7 family is going to continue well through this year, and probably well through next year. 
And that's -- so the unit volumes should be pretty high there. In terms of the revenue cross-over, I will let Marv and I 
both guess at it, but my guess is that it's probably going to be Q4, Q3, late Q3, Q4 timeframe. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: Okay, great. And then just lastly, I saw your 6100 in Barcelona here this week and I just 
wanted to see if you could provide some additional thoughts on how long it takes you to really get the application 
processor strategy going to where you would like it and what you kind to see as the potential here for that business over 
the next several years. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, this, we introduced our first application processor today, or this week. And this 
application processor I hope you agree is just absolutely amazing and it was really the core reason why we acquired 
PortalPlayer. They have a really, really talented team that arguably built the world's first computer on a chip and it was 
the reason why the Apple engineers used it to build the iPod which is really a computer with an operating system and a 
file system and connectivity and was dedicated to media processing. And their obsession about low-power design has 
really enabled them to build some amazing products. 

And they have this application processor in the back room, and what you are seeing, now the 6100, is the first of its 
kind. Our companies are now, our two engineering groups are now completely combined and the roadmap has been 
integrated. We brought the company on board on January 5th and in a very short period of time we realigned our 
strategies and now we are going to go build application processors that combine their expertise of building SoCs and 
our expertise of building GPUs. 

My hope is that this year, we will introduce an amazing product towards the end of the year. And next year, we, I hope 
that we get a lot of business traction as a result of that. This is by far the single largest new TAM that our company has 
grown into. It's hard to say exactly how big this TAM is going to be, but you can, application processors is probably 
close to 4 to $6 billion in size already and this particular marketplace is quickly transitioning to multimedia and 
graphics processing, because of all the smart phones and portable media players and the combining of these two type of 
devices, that we are seeing out there and so, my sense is that we are going to be right in the epicenter of a lot of exciting 
new devices pretty soon. So this is a very, very exciting development for our company. 

<Q - Mark Edelstone>: Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks a lot, Mark. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Gurinder Kalra with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Hi, couple of questions. Firstly, can you update us on your roadmap as far as Intel-based 
chipsets is concerned, and where do you see volume ramp of that as we look through the year? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We haven't really announced any of our products yet. I think the market has been very vocal 
about inviting us, if you will, to come and participate in this marketplace. And the reason for that is because even in the 
Intel market, there needs to be a branded motherboard GPU alternative for the consumer segment and the multimedia 
rich type segments where graphics is going forward. And now with Vista Premium coming out and all the applications 
that are coming out in 3D, it's really important to make sure that your GPU software and architecture is as terrific as 
possible. And so we know that the market has a significant demand for our product and we are just racing as fast as we 
can to get there. I don't have anything to announce to you today, but we have a lot of focus inside the company to 
develop products for that segment. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: Thanks. My second question is with AMD, you know, talking about the Fusion and with there 
being talk that Intel is looking to do something on the discrete GPU lines, how do you suppose you are going to 
counteract that effort? I mean is there any talk that you might be looking to do something on the microprocessor front? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We have all kinds of plans for developing products in the future. I don't really see the benefit 
of telling the market, or the competition particularly, what we are building several years out. And I don't know why 
they are, to tell you the truth, unless they are panicked about something or feel somewhat apologetic about something 
else. I think we ought to keep all of our product roadmaps to ourselves. 

You know, ultimately the thing that I do know is this. We are really good at building the technologies that you guys 
know we are great at building and we are focused as a company to differentiate by building products that consumers 
want to buy. And my sense is that if the market wants to buy those products we are going to know long in advance and 
we will build the right products for the marketplace. And so I don't see any particular reason why – well, I guess, we 
just – no comment. 

<Q - Gurinder Kalra>: All right, thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Satya Chillara with Pacific Growth Equities. 

<Q - Satya Chillara>: Yeah, hi, good afternoon. Jen-Hsun, can you talk about the cellphone traction in fiscal '08? It 
seems in the last Analyst Day, you were pretty bullish on the cellphone traction, with 2G as well as the 3G and so on. 
So where are you, where do you see the revenues growing from about $100 million level to what kind of revenue 
growth can you expect here? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes. I still remain incredibly bullish about our mobile efforts. In terms of 2.5G, we absolutely 
achieved our objective of capturing the design wins we wanted to capture. Unfortunately a lot of our focus was on 
Motorola. And as you saw in some of the reports already, some of the phones that we were designed into weren't as 
successful as we would like. Net-net, we ended up at $108 million for the year, and grew 85% year over year. I'm 
pretty sure based on all the design wins that we have now that this coming year is going to be more than $108 million, 
the question is how much more. 

And secondarily, our focus now is, we are going to continue to invest in GPUs, but our primary focus is going to be 
taking the GPU and the application processor components and putting them into an SoC. And our customers are all 
asking us for that. And based on the type of vision that the phone industry has conveyed to all of us and some of the 
exciting new phones that are being talked about, the type of technology is very clear. Graphics processing is going to be 
important; 3D graphics processing so that you could do the type of user interfaces like Vista, except doing it on the 
phone is very exciting. And video processing and encoding. Yes, so there is all kinds of new capabilities that the phone 
manufacturers want to bring to the marketplace next year. So I think we are strategically extremely well positioned, we 
just need to go execute and make those design wins, turn those design wins into business. 

<Q - Satya Chillara>: Okay. So as a follow-up, in terms of Intel low-end strategy, is it a single-chip strategy or only 
with single-chip would you enter the market, or what's your thinking in strategy in terms of the Intel low-end strategy, 
chipset strategy? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We started this trend of building a single-chip motherboard GPU. And it's the core-logic, all 
the connectivity, all the graphics, all the platform technologies all integrated into one chip. The marketplace really, 
really likes it. And the reason for that is because computers want to be smaller than ever. And, want to drive the power 
down, and the fewer chips you have in the system the lower the cost, the lower the space requirement, the lower the 
power, and from our perspective, fewer chips allows us to improve our margins. And so, technically, it is extremely 
complicated in the sense that you have to get mixed-signal technology and I/O technology, and all your connectivity 
technology, on the same process which tends to be very early on for GPUs, all that same process. So technologically, 
it's a great challenge. But I think we happen to be one of those companies that really know how to pull it all together. 
And so, we are going to continue to take advantage of that leadership position. 

<Q - Satya Chillara>: Okay, great, thanks. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Satya. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jason Pflaum with Thomas Weisel Partners. Jason, your line is open. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Why don't we go to the next one? 

<A - Michael Hara>: Operator, go ahead and go to the next question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Krishna Shankar with JMP Securities. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Yes, I was wondering if you can, Jen-Hsun, talk about the attach rate of discrete graphics for 
Vista, and what you are seeing in terms of initial Vista demand and kind of the demand for the more premium version 
of the operating system versus basic which will really drive the requirement for your 8800 GPU? 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I can tell you what logic would compel and what we believe. And in terms of real experience, 
it's really hard to tell you because Vista has really just started shipping. But what logic would compel is that Vista is the 
first operating system that is fully based on the programmability and the shading capability and the graphics rendering 
processing capability of a GPU. And it exposes this capability to not just the user interface, but it exposes this 
capability to all applications. And so, the compelling logic is that if the GPU is much more, much more tasked and all 
of the applications use more 3D graphics capability, you would think that the GPU will be more relevant. 

And, I think that there is no question, as you use Vista, the experience is just far better with the GPU than when it's not, 
it's snappier and that's just the user interface, right? And so all of the operating system, all of the applications that use 
3D graphics haven't really been exposed to this yet. And so we know that there are many applications that are being 
developed where 3D graphics is going to make the application richer. Many Web 2.0 applications and we see many 
from Microsoft already that really exploit the capability of 3D. Even iTunes renders the album covers in 3D now. And 
so there are all kinds of applications that are coming that takes advantage of 3D graphics. So logic would certainly 
compel us to believe that GPUs will be more prevalently used. And we believe that to be the case. And so we are 
cautious in the first quarter as we go into it, but our belief is that GPUs will become more important than ever before. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Do you see the trend for notebooks also where obviously Intel would be Centrino platform. 
You know, they have I guess 70% of that market so do you see the trend reversing to where you see an opportunity for 
a discrete notebook solution and also your MCPs for the notebook market? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well you know the way we see it is that the notebook is really a form-factor issue. And so we 
are going to go to that marketplace if the form-factor allows for a discrete GPU we would offer the market a discrete 
GPU. But if the market would like a motherboard GPU, what's commonly called an integrated graphics chip, if 
motherboard GPUs the way they would like to power Vista, we are delighted by that as well. And in fact you see our 
core-logic business, the MCP business, it's grown dramatically year over year and a lot of that growth is because of 
motherboard graphics. And so I think that there is some evidence that motherboard GPUs are – it's just another way of 
accessing the capabilities of GPUs and we are going to see some continuous growth there. 

<Q - Krishna Shankar>: Great, thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Devan Moodley with Scotia Capital. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Hi guys, just a follow-up question, I guess on Vista. If I look at the Mercury Research forecast 
currently for desktop discrete, you are looking for a single-digit decline in '07, but surprisingly they are looking for 
almost 20 to 30% ASP growth in the desktop segment. Can you give me your perspective on what you are looking for 
will be the impact of Vista on the GF8 family here? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I am not sure I picked up on the question. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Really, just ASPs, for -- I guess Mercury is looking for ASPs to be up significantly this year in 
desktop discrete. And what's your perspective on where your ASPs in that area will go? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yeah. Devan, our ASP has been kind of growing pretty steadily over the years. And I think 
it's logical to me, because more and more of our computing experience is around the visual experience. And all of the 
most exciting applications or many of the most exciting applications that we know are really, really graphics-rich, the 
resolution of the display is being driven by Moore's Law. And the color depth on the other dimension, each pixel is 
moving faster than Moore's Law in the sense that the number of pixels, the number of objects we render on each pixel 
and the color fidelity of each pixel is really going up quite dramatically. And so, it stands to reason that more and more 
work needs to be done on the GPU. And if that's the case, and more and more of your computing experience is 
depending on a GPU, if that's the case, then ASPs ought to continue to grow. And so if somebody told me that ASP is 
going to grow steadily over the next several years, I guess I'm not going to be surprised by that because historical 
evidence would suggest that's the case. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Okay. And just a quick housekeeping question, what was CapEx for the quarter and the year? 


<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, our CapEx in the quarter was 70, roughly $70 million, 71 million. However, there is a 
couple of factors in there that you should be aware of. There was roughly 37 million of what I would call the normal 
CapEx which is equipment and software that we bought. There is about 14 million worth of IP intangibles from 
investments that we made and there is about 20 million of a reclass from our long-term assets into that account. So I 
would say that the normal CapEx was 37 million. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: And you expect that to change significantly going into next year? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: No. 

<Q - Devan Moodley>: Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you, Devan. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Arnab Chanda with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thank you. Just a couple of questions, first of all, if you look at your MCP business would that 
grow until your new Intel chipset is launched or was it going to be sort of seasonal in the first part of the year? And I 
have a follow-up please. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: We are expecting seasonal dynamics in the first quarter. There are some – we do have Intel 
core-logic that we announced as I mentioned earlier, the 680i. And the 680i has other segments that we are introducing, 
and so want to grow in the Intel core-logic business through Q1. I don't know whether it's going to make up for the 
seasonal decline, but we are not counting on it at the moment. And then, later as the year progresses, and as we launch 
our Intel CPU-based motherboard GPUs, we are expecting quite a bit of growth from that. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thanks Jen-Hsun. And last question on your, the computing GPU product that maybe I didn't 
understand properly but, is it something that will be sort of additive to your workstation business or is it sort a new 
category? What it, what type of additional market opportunity does that get for you guys? Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: The GPU computing initiative is absolutely additive. And I would argue that the industry has 
had a vacuum or a supercomputing crisis for some time. Scientists and researchers have been clamoring for more 
computing horsepower for quite a bit of time. And yet the technology hasn't existed that enables them to do some of the 
methods, computational methods that they want to try. And so, GPU computing is really going to help address that. I 
frankly think that the combination between a CPU and a GPU with GPU computing capabilities will really create a new 
class of workstations, one not for necessarily design, but one for computation. And it's almost like a personal 
supercomputer that the researchers and the scientists will get to leverage. This is absolutely a new class of computing 
and it's a new initiative for us. And our early response from the people we have spoken to and many of them in the 
financial industry are just incredibly enthusiastic. So, we are very excited about it. 

<Q - Arnab Chanda>: Thanks, Jen-Hsun. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Yes, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Naser Iqbal with Salman Partners. 

<Q - Naser Iqbal>: Hi guys, Marv, just a, really a clarification on the impact of Portal, and if I heard you correctly that 
in terms of the R&D expenses, you had a $5 million hit or a $4 million hit, but a net income contribution of about $1 
million. Was there any revenues also for the quarter? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: The revenue in Q4 was roughly $1 million. So, there was roughly $5 million worth of 
expenses, and $1 million worth of revenue. When you look into Q1, we are looking at something slightly less than $10 
million in revenue and approximately $15 million in expenses. 

<Q - Naser Iqbal>: Right. Which is my follow-up in terms of when you talked about the outlook for the quarter that 
you expected the 10 million to come from Portal, but did I hear you correctly that you think your overall OpEx could 


be flat quarter on quarter? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yes. We think that we can – obviously, we had the one-time costs in Q4 for the restatement. 
And there are some other one-time costs in Q4. I think that we're very cost-conscious right now, and the company does 
a very good job of responding to those circumstances. So, I think we have a very good chance of holding OpEx flat 
even though we are going to have to absorb the $10 million increase in the PortalPlayer. 

<Q - Naser Iqbal>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Naser. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Hi, guys. Also a clarification on the guidance, was the 5% seasonal decline, was that a 
comment just from the PC-facing segments of your business, or was that for your overall revenue expectations? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, Simona, I think it was more overall. But I would classify that, we expect memory to 
decline and that would be that probably in my view the single largest component of that 5%, but if you had to pick a 
point estimate, we are saying overall revenue decline of 5%. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay, terrific. And then secondly Marv or Jen-Hsun, can you comment on how you see 
your channel inventories right now both for graphics cards and also motherboards? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Channel sell-through is picking up. You know, the Q3 and Q4 were a bit choppier than and I 
think all of you guys saw that, a bit choppier than we all expected. I think some of it had to do with AM2 gap out in the 
channel and – but we are seeing AM2's are back and there's plenty of Conroes as well. And both of those CPUs are 
really wonderful CPUs and when they are available in the channel, it really helps our GPU business. And so we are 
seeing business sell-through certainly very – quite brisk right now. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay, that's very helpful. As far as the actual buildup though of motherboards in the 
channel, is that now done and over with now that the CPUs are available or do we still have a bit of a backup that 
maybe takes a couple of more weeks to get through? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: It depends on what segments we are talking about. And our Intel motherboards for example 
are still ramping and we are still doing quite well with our Intel motherboard business. Haven't really checked on the 
AMD side of it, but now that the CPUs are back, and quite a few CPUs were taken out of the channel as you know so 
the return of the CPUs is really, really a good thing for all of us. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay. And then just last quick one from me if I could, on the gross margin improvement 
which was very nice in the first quarter, can you just comment on the various puts and takes within that. In other words, 
I know ATI or AMD now had commented on the tough pricing environment, didn't seem to have affected you guys 
given your positioning so that's just one aspect I wanted to see if you can comment on. And then just secondly on the 
TSMC pricing which seems to have been favorable in the quarter, was that – is that a quantifiable benefit to your 
margins in the quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Let me start through that. In the GPU business, we improved gross margins quarter to quarter. 
Some of that improvement came from the fact that the workstation business grew very nice nicely during the quarter. 
So we benefited in the GPU business because of that. In MCPs, they improved the gross margin and the revenue 
increased. It's just a continued focus there on improving gross margins. Handheld improved gross margins even though 
revenue was relatively flat. Memory went up during the quarter which would have had a drag on gross margins, so I 
would say that each of the business units contributed to gross margin improvement. The increase in memory was a 
slight drag on it. The TSMC issue, I don't know if you want to comment Jen-Hsun? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Nothing special. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah. I don't think there was anything out of the ordinary. 

<Q - Simona Jankowski>: Okay, thank you very much. 


<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Simona. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Wu with Global Crown Capital. 

<Q - David Wu>: Yes, Marv, on the subject of gross margin, I guess can you talk about – remind us of what your 
gross margin target, the new level is, since 44% is no longer an issue any more and 45 looks like within reach. And I've 
got a question for Jen-Hsun on, the PortalPlayer application processor, what's the difference between their application 
processor and the whole ream of these ARM-based application processors out there, and can you also comment on the 
likelihood you are going to see some competition from the x86 ones in the form of these, what they call the 
Ultra-Mobile PCs? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Okay. I will start with the gross margin, David. We, Jen-Hsun established the target of a 45% 
gross margin just about a year ago. And I think there were a lot of skeptics out there, maybe even me, who knows, but 
we have made a lot of progress and things have gone well. I think that we are going to have to sit down and establish a 
new goal, because yes, I agree, 45% is achievable. Now the question is we can't let up, we can improve gross margins 
from the current level. 

<Q - David Wu>: But you, at this point, you would not care to elaborate what that might be? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Well, our public target is still 45%. 

<Q - David Wu>: Okay. Jen-Hsun, can you talk about application processor for PortalPlayer and what's different from 
all these other ARM-based application players out there? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Sure, first of all, PortalPlayer's focus has always been in the personal media player market. 
And in that marketplace, the digital media processing is really important and extreme low-power is extremely 
important. And so if you get a chance to see the new 6100 and watch it do – see it do decoding, VGA resolution video 
and watch it doing it at just barely a sweat, it's really, really amazing. 

And so their focus is building a complete computer on a chip that is capable of doing multimedia processing at 
extremely low power levels. And so that's really where their focus was. Relative to us, the reason why PortalPlayer is 
so valuable to us, is because we don't have an application processor. And in combination with, but we do have a very 
deep investment in GPU technologies over the year – over the years. And the combination of our graphics and video 
and image processing capabilities in combination with their application processor really gives us a unique position in 
the marketplace. 

So, I would say that their positioning in the mobile marketplace was good but challenging because of the amount of 
R&D they could really invest. And our positioning was good in the multi, in the high-end markets where the flagship 
phones really needed the multimedia capabilities we brought. In combination, now we can build some SoCs that are 
absolutely amazing. And that's the reason why we've decided, our two management teams decided to combine the 
companies. 

<Q - David Wu>: Who do you see as competitors in that space besides Texas Instruments? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would say TI is a competitor. Obviously, Samsung is a competitor. Samsung has been very 
successful there. The XScale business that Intel sold to Marvell, these are all competitors in the marketplace. But this is 
also one of the largest markets that we know of in the semiconductor industry. And there are whole lot of segments. 
Some of the segments just wants your basic fast microprocessor, some of your segments want the lowest, the 
lowest-cost SoC for your basic smart phone and some of them need rich graphics and rich multimedia for consumer 
applications where you need -- where you want to have your phone, also be your email device and music player and 
video player and such. And that's where I think NVIDIA will really shine. 

<Q - David Wu>: Thank you. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, David. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Doug Freedman with AmTech Research. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Good afternoon, guys. Quick question for you, Jen-Hsun, if you could talk about, you have 
taken quite a bit of share in several of the markets now from your closest competitor that was acquired by AMD. Can 
you talk about what you think might be their response and if there is anything that you can do to offset it or continue 
the track record that you've put up? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Well, first of all, that's a really good question and I hope I don't answer it, not publicly 
anyhow. So, please don't encourage me. You know, all I would say is our market share is in fact although improving 
year over year, I think we came out of the year, last year at about 18, 19% overall graphics market share, we are at 
29%. As far as I'm concerned, whether it's a discrete GPU or a motherboard GPU, they are both GPUs. And we believe 
that there are segments of the marketplace that really prefer to have a better GPU than not. And our GPU brand, the 
GeForce brand is just so strong that I think we still have a lot of opportunities. And now we are the only GPU company 
in the world, that's completely focused number one, but also participates in building and selling GPUs into both 
microprocessor markets, both the AMD market as well as the Intel market. And we are the distinguishing brand of both 
platforms. And so, I'm excited about that. Our job is to grow our overall GPU business from 29% to something much 
higher than that. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: All right. If I could, Marv, turn to you for a quick second and I guess Jen-Hsun also plays a 
role in this. What is your view on the, on share buyback and what should we be thinking about on the stock dilution 
level? Clearly this quarter, you guys kept – the share count came in very close to unchanged. Any guidance you can 
offer on what we should think about going forward? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Yeah, I mean we evaluate it every quarter. We still have authorization from the Board to do 
stock buybacks. I probably don't see any reason to deviate from our practices in the current environment. But we 
evaluate it every quarter. Totally separate from that, the annual dilution level on what I call a gross basis, meaning how 
many shares we issue is established by the comp committee. And so we have been bringing that down for several years 
now. It was roughly 3% last year. That's excluding stock buybacks. And I think it will be less than that in fiscal year 
'08. But that's exclusive of any buybacks. 

<Q - Doug Freedman>: Okay, terrific, thank you, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Shawn Webster with JP Morgan. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Good afternoon and thanks for squeezing me in, guys. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Hey, Shawn. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Hi. On the chipset business, can you give us a quick update on what the mix is in terms of 
units and/or revenues on Intel versus AMD chipsets? 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: I would say that today it's vastly, it's mostly, by far AMD. And we had just entered the Intel 
chipset marketplace with a 680i I guess late Q3. And we are ramping – we did well in Q3, we ramped more in Q4 and 
we are expecting to ramp even more in Q1 and ramp it into Q2. As Conroe continues to grow into the marketplace we 
expect our 680 family to follow that and so I think that our core Intel chipset product right now. And hopefully, in the 
near future, we will try to add something to that with our motherboard GPUs for the Intel processor. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: I see. And then for your overall GPU business in Q4, can you tell us what your units and ASPs 
did sequentially? 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Overall, units were very, very, very slightly up, and ASP was very slightly down. I indicated 
that in my comments that the desktop ASP declined slightly in the quarter. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: Okay. And then Marv, what, can you give us some guidance on your effective tax rate for the 
full year fiscal '08? 


<A - Marvin Burkett>: Our best guess right now is 14% for both GAAP and non-GAAP. But we will evaluate as we 
go through the year, we get the benefit of the R&D tax credit which we got a full year's worth in the fourth quarter and 
that's the, one of the drivers in being able to reduce tax rate down to 14% for next year or this year. 

<Q - Shawn Webster>: It makes sense. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Marvin Burkett>: Thanks, Shawn. 

<A - Jen-Hsun Huang>: Thanks, Shawn. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time for questions and answers this afternoon. I would 
now like to turn the call back over to Jen-Hsun Huang for closing remarks. 

Jen-Hsun Huang, Co-founder, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Our goal is to be one of the most influential and respected technology companies in the world by being the 
premier supplier of visual computing technologies and solutions. We believe the programmable GPU is becoming one 
of the most important technologies of the digital era, as it powers multimedia-rich applications on a growing number of 
consumer devices. As the only GPU company in the world, we have dedicated ourselves to making this vision a reality. 
Fiscal 2007 was a milestone year for NVIDIA. Because of a number of growth and technology initiatives that we have 
set in motion last year, we believe we are well positioned to have another strong year. Thank you for joining us today. 
We look forward to reporting on our progress for Q1. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


