Q1 2008 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Tom McFall, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance 
• Greg Henslee, Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 
• Ted Wise, Chief Operating Officer and Co-President 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Alisha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the O'Reilly Automotive First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute 
to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom McFall, CFO of O'Reilly Auto Parts. Sir, you may begin. 

Tom McFall, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance 

Thank you, Alisha. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Before I introduce Greg Henslee, 
our CEO, I would like to read a brief statement. 

The company claims the protection of the safe-harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by forward-looking words such as 
"expect," "believe," "anticipate," "should," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "project," "will" or similar words. In addition, 
statements contained within the press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as 
statements discussing among other things, expected growth, store development and expansion strategy, business 
strategies, future revenues, and future performance. 

These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs, and assumptions that are not guarantees 
of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including, but not 
limited to, competition, product demand, the market for auto parts, the economy in general, inflation, consumer debt 
levels, governmental approvals, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, risks associated with the integration 
of acquired businesses, weather, terrorist activities, war, and the threat of war. Actual results may materially differ from 
anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of 
the company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2007 for more details. 

At this time, I would like to introduce Greg Henslee. 

Greg Henslee, Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2008 conference call. Participating on the call with me this 
morning is Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer, and Tom McFall, our Chief Financial Officer. David O'Reilly, our 
Executive Chairman, is also present. 

I would like to start off our call today by thanking all members of team O'Reilly for their commitment to our culture 
values and for the great levels of customer service we work so hard to provide. Our success happens one customer at a 


time, and I know that every member of team O'Reilly makes customer service their top priority. And I want to thank 
everyone for their efforts in the first quarter. 

Now on to our first quarter performance. When we had our year-end conference call in mid- February, we were on a 
comparable store sales trend just better than the 2.1% comparable store sales rate at which we finished the fourth 
quarter. At that time, we provided comparable store sales guidance in the 1 to 3% range to reflect the trend we were on 
which we felt would likely continue through March. 

March turned out to be very sluggish, resulting in a negative 0.4% comparable store sales for the quarter. A couple of 
factors that we feel contributed to the softer comparable store sales in the quarter, and especially in March, are the 
strong 6.8% comparable store sales comparisons we had from first quarter last year with March being the strongest 
month of the three. 

Last year, our sales performance was enhanced by favorable early spring weather, the positive effect from the change 
made to the starting day at daylight savings time and the timing of the Easter holiday. As with other retail sectors, our 
industry continues to feel the negative effect higher fuel prices is having on consumers. We continue to hear from our 
professional installer customers that there is a lot of vehicle maintenance that is being deferred and that many 
customers are doing the bare minimum to keep their vehicles roadworthy. 

I don't think anyone questions that most consumers are under a lot of financial pressure with higher fuel prices not only 
hitting them hard at the pump, but also causing inflation of food prices and other consumable goods. Our customers are 
having to make tough decisions about vehicle maintenance and repair, and we continue to see some of our lower priced 
private label entry level products growing faster than our premium branded products. Consumers frequently are making 
the choice to save a little now as opposed to paying for a premium product that would last longer and perform better. 

In the first quarter, we had a very significant swing in the performance of some of our product categories as compared 
to others. For example, the battery category performed very well, with double-digit comparable store sales, while 
temperature control, air conditioning and heater parts, performed very poorly with double-digit negative comp store 
sales decline. I attribute this to a combination of the significant difference in the weather we've had so far this spring 
compared to last year, this year being much colder with spring arriving later in most markets as compared to last year, 
but also to the deferral mentality into which many customers currently are forced. 

If ones car won't start, it needs a battery. The only options are park the car and not drive it or replace the battery, 
whereas, if the air-conditioner or heater is not working correctly, the car can still be driven and the repair deferred. 
Evidence of the stress consumers are under is also indicated by the tendency of vehicle owners to keep their cars longer 
with the average age of vehicles on the road at record highs. In the long run, this is obviously a favorable trend for the 
automotive aftermarket. And while miles driven were slightly down in '07 to 3.003 trillion miles compared to a record 
high of 3.014 trillion in '06, we continue to feel strongly that we will eventually benefit from the release of some of the 
pent-up demand that has been created over the past couple of years as households have continued to struggle to adjust 
the higher cost of fuel into their budgets. 

We are obviously not pleased with our comparable store sales performance in the first quarter, and especially for the 
month of March. It's very clear that the very challenging economy in which we currently operate is putting a lot of 
pressure on our customers. However, we remain optimistic in our ability to grow comparable store sales in the second 
quarter, and for the year. As we've mentioned before, we feel very strongly that overtime this deferral of maintenance 
and repair creating pent-up demand will begin to release. 

With three weeks of the second quarter behind us, our comparable store sales have significantly improved as compared 
to our performance in March and the first quarter. Spring is finally arriving in most of our markets, and business is 
incrementally picking up as it does every year with the initial onset of spring. 

Based on our performance so far this quarter, as well as softer comparisons to 2.0% comp store sales growth last year, 
which softened towards the end of the quarter, which is typically the highest volume portion of the second quarter. We 
are providing comparable store sales guidance of 3 to 5% for the quarter and for the remainder of the year. With three 
weeks behind us, we are currently comping in that range for the quarter. 


We continue to feel very strongly about the advantages of our dual-market strategy, our strong distribution network, 
and our unparalleled access to the parts our customers need to keep their cars and trucks on the road. Our business mix 
has been right at 50% retail do-it-yourself and 50% wholesale do-it-for-me for a long time now, with the first quarter 
finishing up right at 50/50. While we don't disclose our comparable store sales in each of our business segments, I can 
tell you that our perception has been that the retail do-it-yourself side of our business seems to have been more 
negatively affected by this challenging economy. We assume this due to the fact that many of our DIY customers work 
on their own cars out of economic necessity, while a portion of our do-it-for-me business comes from customers who 
have the ability to do the work themselves but have the option financially to have a professional technician do the work 
for them. This is very clearly indicated by our comparable store sales performance in the first quarter with our 
commercial comps finishing up well into our comparable store sales guidance range and our DIY comps finishing up 
negative. 

Now, on to some more details about our first quarter performance. Our gross margin for the quarter came in at 44.6% 
of sales compared to 43.9% last year, a 70 basis point improvement. We attribute our improvement in gross margin to 
our mix of business with growth in our private label offering serving as a contributor. We also continue to work on 
improving our acquisition costs and then managing our selling prices to be competitive, yet yield a solid gross margin 
and are comfortable with our gross margin forecast for the year in the 44.4 to 44.7% range. Competitor pricing on both 
the retail and wholesale sides of our business remains relatively rational with no material changes to report in the first 
quarter. 

Operating expenses for the quarter increased 190 basis points to 33.2% of sales from 31.3% last year. This increase is 
primarily attributed to the loss of leverage with the negative 0.4% comparable store sales compared to the 6.8% 
increase we achieved last year. On a per store basis, our store operations team did an excellent job of managing payroll 
in a tough environment. Our company is geared for growth, and while it's difficult for us to quickly adjust to abrupt 
swings in our business in many areas of our operation, I think we've come a long way in the past six months in dialing 
in on the methods by which we manage our store payroll expense, and our ability to forecast our staffing needs. Ted 
will be providing more detail on some of our efforts in this area in a moment. 

As a result of the decrease in leverage, our operating income came in at 11.5% of sales compared to 12.6% in the first 
quarter of last year. During the quarter, we opened an additional 37 new stores, bringing our store count to 1,867 stores. 
These additions brought our inventory investment to $893 million, an 8.2% increase supported by a 5.4% increase in 
sales and a 10.7% increase in store count. 

Inventory turnover remained equal to last year at 1.6 times and our turnover net of payables improved from 2.8 times to 

3.0 times, as we continue to pursue mutually beneficial relationships with our vendors and to negotiate the best possible 
payment terms. Our accounts payable as a percent of inventory improved to 160 basis points from 45.1% last year to 
46.7% this year. 
To summarize, we continue to work on improving the execution of our dual-market strategy, as we plan the acquisition 
of CSK Auto. This is a very exciting time for team O'Reilly, as we start making plans for the combined companies. 
Over the past few weeks, we have done much exploration and planning, and there is still a lot to do before we are ready 
to talk publicly about more detailed integration plan, but I can tell you that we've been very excited and encouraged by 
the quality of the CSK Auto team and the prospects of the combined companies as we work to expand our dual-market 
strategy coast-to-coast. While there is a long list of things we need to do to integrate CSK over the next couple of years, 
following is a short list of things we will focus on first. 

People: we feel there is a great team currently in place at CSK, and we are looking forward to combining forces to 
provide the CSK store teams the tools they need to be successful, making sure we clearly outline the way we do 
business, and the success we've had with our dual-market strategy and the culture that's driven that success is key. 

Systems: for us to execute our strategy, we have to have tightly integrated systems in place to manage distribution, 
inventory deployment, pricing, our commercial strategies and a long list of other needs. Systems integration will be a 
primary initial focus. 


Distribution: I don't think it's any secret that one of the keys to our past success is our ability to put inventory in our 
customers hands quicker than our competitors. CSK's distribution strategy differs significantly from ours, and we will 
be working to beef up the distribution network in order to put us in a position to further penetrate the commercial side 
of the business, and be much more competitive on the retail side. 

Inventory: having the right products in the right place is one of the fundamental keys to performance in our business. 
We feel we developed excellent systems over the years to manage our inventories and we are looking forward to 
further leveraging these systems as we integrate CSK. Key areas of focus will be evaluation of coverage needed to 
service the vehicle population in the various markets, good, better, best philosophy. And the evaluation of the products 

– the product brands necessary to maintain and grow the retail business, while further penetrating the commercial 
business. 
Brand and store display design. Over time, we will evaluate the effectiveness of the four store brands currently used by 
CSK. Our goal will be to evaluate a possible rebrand of these stores to O'Reilly as we freshen up the store experience – 
appearance and streamline the display merchandise in order to enable a national brand platform. 

This short list is just touching on the high points, as we begin the work of developing a detailed step-by-step plan to 
combine the two companies. Our management team is thoroughly excited about this opportunity, and is working 
diligently to outline very specific plans to leverage the best of both companies into one national force. 

As was announced at the end of last week, we were able to get early HSR approval and are moving forward with the 
required filings to close this transaction this summer. I would like to again mention that we continue to believe that the 
macroeconomic conditions continue to drive many consumers to defer some of the vehicle maintenance items that can 
be deferred. And we continue to feel confident that we will eventually benefit from the pent-up demand that is being 
created. 

Our team believes very strongly in our culture and our strategy. And I want to once again thank every member of team 
O'Reilly for their hard work and for their dedication to the success of our company. We are looking forward to a solid 
second quarter performance and a strong second half to 2008. 

I'll now turn the call over to Ted Wise, our Chief Operating Officer. 

Ted Wise, Chief Operating Officer and Co-President 

Thanks, Greg. Now to quickly review the status of our new store schedule: we did complete installation of 37 new 
locations in the first quarter. These stores were distributed over 18 states and once again Texas led with eight stores. 
South Carolina and Georgia had four stores and the balance of the 21 stores were distributed in the 15 additional states. 

Servicing our stores from our 14 strategically located distribution centers allow our expansion to be evenly spread 
across the company and provides our store sales and operations teams the time and the ability to better prepare for 
staffing and entering into each market. The Atlanta, Indianapolis and St. Paul-Minneapolis DCs continue to have plenty 
of expansion capacity for our future growth in the upper Midwest and Southeast parts of the country. 

As previously announced, we are opening our new Lubbock distribution center in Lubbock, Texas this October, which 
will support our growth farther into West Texas, New Mexico and Southern California. Now with the addition of the 
CSK stores, currently located in these markets, the Lubbock DC will open supporting a larger group of stores than 
previously planned, which will give us good expense leverage for the DC and most importantly improve the inventory 
and service levels for this group of CSK store. 

We are also in the process of closing the purchase of a 300,000 square foot distribution center located in Greensboro, 
North Carolina. This is a new building, but will require an extensive interior buildout and our tentative plans call for an 
opening date of second quarter next year. This North Carolina DC will provide the much needed relief for our 
Knoxville, DC as well as redirecting some of our current and longer and much higher cost routes from a service 
standpoint out of our Atlanta DC. The addition of this distribution center will not only allow for us to more efficiently 


service our existing stores, but will open up continued expansion opportunities into the Carolinas, Virginia and West 
Virginia. 

In addition to the 37 new stores, we relocated 12 stores into new buildings during the first quarter and completed 40 
store renovations. We also installed another 85 store interior decor packages, which brings us very close to completing 
this company-wide project, which was basically a re-striping, just basically refreshing of the interior decor package for 
the entire company. 

In the second quarter, we have 58 to 60 planned new store openings, which will bring us to over 95 stores for the year. 
This relatively aggressive schedule in the first half of the year is related to our previous goal of opening 205 new stores 
for the year, which will be adjusted back to 140 to 150 new stores with the CSK acquisition. We are in the very 
preliminary planning stages for the CSK integration, but obviously our installation teams will be involved in the 
conversion activity starting with the CSK stores in existing and adjacent markets. We will continue to evaluate our 
extension plans within our existing footprint. And while we haven't determined the number, we expect it will be in the 
range of 150 stores in 2009 and then start ramping back up in 2010. 

In regard to the sales results for this past quarter, while the results were disappointing, we can honestly say that it was 
not due to our lack of effort and overall execution of our dual-market strategy programs of our sales team. We 
obviously began this year knowing that we were going to be faced with tough comparisons, especially in the first 
quarter. Our stores focus on giving the best customer service to both our retail and first call installer customers and we 
are very proud of the efforts that were made in the first quarter. 

Our company objective is to do everything possible to grow profitable business. As Greg outlined, higher fuel cost 
along with the consumer uncertainty and the challenging economic conditions resulted in many DIY purchases and 
repairs for do-it-for-me customers being deferred. I want to thank our entire O'Reilly team for their commitment to 
customer service. And we are confident through our hard-working commitment to great customer relations, we will be 
able to continue to improve the sales trends we've seen so far in the second quarter. 

In regard to expense management, increased emphasis and evaluation of our controllable expenses have been 
implemented throughout the entire company, particularly, in payroll and staffing management. Our dual-market 
business model is based on higher service levels, which require a higher ratio of full-time to part-time key members. 
This makes it much more difficult to manage payroll from sudden or short-term business swings. And typically, any 
extra time in the schedule is allocated to making additional sales calls, in-store training and to step up current service 
levels to expand our customer base. 

This staffing philosophy has been the key to our past comparable store sales growth, with the ability to give the best 
customer service in our markets. We do realize additional opportunities for adding part-time key members to the 
staffing model to support the retail hours, and give us more flexibility in scheduling for both slow and busy times, 
while providing a stable schedule for full-time team members. This past quarter we expected a challenging payroll 
situation with comparisons to the 6.8 comps, we achieved last year. 

Our store management team reacted accordingly and maintained good control of labor cost. The result was a reduction 
in the average per store per day payroll dollars of 3.5%. Obviously, this wasn't enough to offset the difference in our 
comparable store sales compared to first quarter last year that did make a material difference. 

Our new scheduling system is providing to be – proving to be a great tool to provide our managers the information and 
sales forecast necessary to help make the best scheduling decisions possible, and to manage store productivity. In 
addition, we are implementing an enhanced payroll reporting tool to better inform district managers on a more timely 
basis. We continue to evaluate each individual market, and the level of competition to create a staffing strategy that will 
support the ongoing sales growth opportunities in each market. 

As announced recently, we completed the installation of our new infinity parts system, our POS system towards the end 
of last year. And we are receiving very positive comments from the field in terms of ease of use, and especially for 
training our new part specialist. The new graphical system gives us the ability to introduce sales tools like product 
images, specifications, and diagrams. We are currently enhancing this POS system with a new related sales tool which 


will automatically display specific related sales items on the look up, and seamlessly add these additional related sales 
to the invoice. Our intent is obviously to drive more related sales and provide the training to our team members to help 
customers from a service perspective and make sure they leave the store with everything they need to properly do the 
repair. We hope to have this new application tested and rolled after the stores in the third quarter of this year. 

We continue to look for additional enhancements to the system that will improve team member productivity, and 
customer service level. In closing, I would like to say thank you to team O'Reilly. We are very excited and motivated 
by the upcoming acquisition of CSK, and look forward to the integration of our business plan in O'Reilly culture with 
CSK team. We do however realize that throughout the transition that our existing store base must continue to be 
aggressive and grow sales and profit and will require an ongoing commitment from all of team O'Reilly. 

With this I will turn it over to Tom. 

Tom McFall, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance 

Thanks, Ted. Moving on to the numbers, sales were up 5.4% to $646 million for the quarter with a comparable store 
sales decrease of 0.4% for stores open greater than 12 months, versus 6.8% comparable store growth for the first 
quarter of 2007. Sales to independent jobbers, team members and equipment sales, which are not included in our 
comparable store sales calculation were $16.2 million for the first quarter of 2008, which was a decrease of $1.2 
million from the prior year, a 6.9% decrease. 

Gross profit was 44.6% of sales for the quarter versus 43.9% in the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to 
mix of products and improved acquisition cost. 

SG&A for the quarter was 33.2% of sales versus 31.3% in the prior year. The de-leverage was the result of 
significantly lower comparable store sales results, and the addition – I am sorry, and the additional investment in new 
store technology made in the third quarter of 2007, which will anniversary in the third quarter of this year. 

To illustrate the de-leverage impact sales had on SG&A, if comparable store sales would have been 1%, at the bottom 
end of our comp guidance, SG&A as a percent of sales would have been 32.8%. If comps would have been 2%, SG&A 
would have been 32.5% of sales. And if comps would have been 3%, at the top end of our comp guidance, SG&A 
would have been 32.2% of sales. 

Operating income for the quarter was 11.5% of sales versus 12.6% in the prior year. The tax provision was 37.14% of 
pre-tax income for the quarter versus 37.28% in the prior year. Net income for the quarter was $46.3 million versus 

48.4 million in the prior year. For the first quarter, net income was 7 – excuse me 7.2% of sales as compared to 7.9% in 
the prior year. 
Diluted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.40 per share, which was a $0.02 decrease from the prior year. First 
quarter 2008 EPS is based on the 116.3 million shares as compared to 115.4 million shares in the prior year. 

Moving on to the balance sheet, inventory was $893 million, up $67 million from March 2007. This represents an 8% 
increase over last year versus an 11% increase in store count over the same period. 

Total assets were 2.4 billion, a $304 million increase from March 2007. The increase is due to growth in fixed assets of 
195 million, inventory related to store and distribution center growth of 67 million, and an increase in cash and 
investment in CSK stock of $44 million. 

Accounts payable of 417 million was an increase of $45 million over March 2007. AP to inventory of 46.7% increased 
160 basis points from 45.1% at March 2007. The AP to inventory ratio was positively impacted by better vendor terms, 
and improved leverage of the inventory at store level in the newer DCs. 

Debt levels were $100 million at the end of March 2008 versus 101 million at the end of March 2007 with the decrease 
attributable to capital leases. During the second quarter, $25 million of private placement notes, bearing interest at 
7.72% will become due. We plan to redeem these notes with cash on hand. 


EBITDA for the quarter was $97 million, 14.9% of sales versus prior year of 95 million, 15.6% of sales. Few other 
performance ratios: return on equity was 12.2% at the end of the quarter; return on assets, 8.4%; and return on invested 
capital, 11.7%. 

For some other financial information, during the first quarter, the reserve for LIFO increased by $3.5 million versus a 
$0.4 million increase in the first quarter of 2007. Depreciation was $21.5 million for the quarter versus 17.4 million in 
the prior year. Capital expenditures to the quarter were $59 million versus 64 million in the prior year. Interest expense 
was 1.4 million for the quarter versus 0.8 million in the prior year. Stock option expense for the quarter was 1.4 million 
versus 1.1 million in the prior year's quarter. 

For the quarter, cash flow from operating activities was 119 million versus 129 million in the prior year. While the AP 
as a percent of inventory for the end of the first quarter 2008 improved 160 basis points over the prior year, the increase 
of the first quarter over the preceding fourth quarter was 350 basis points in 2008 versus 590 basis points in the prior 
year. This reduced rate of improvement drove the decrease in the cash flow from operating activities. 

Free cash flow for the quarter was $60 million versus $65 million in the prior year. The decrease was the result of 
decreased cash flow from operating activities offset in part by lower levels of capital expenditure. 

Moving on to guidance, our guidance for both the full year and the quarter are based on our previously revised new 
store estimate of 140 to 150 new stores for 2008, and does not intake – does not take into account the planned 
acquisition of CSK. For the full year, our capital expenditure guidance is 220 to $230 million; depreciation, 91 to $94 
million, with a tax rate of 37.0 to 37.2% of pre-tax income. Free cash flow for the year has been revised up to 75 to $85 
million for the year based on the 140 to 150 new stores. 

Gross margin guidance is 44.4 to 44.7% of sales and revenue 2.7 to 2.8 billion with a slight reduction for the reduced 
number of stores. Our same-store sales guidance for the year remains at 3 to 5%, and our diluted earnings per share 
guidance for the year is $1.81 to $1.85 with stock option expense, on an estimated 117.4 million shares. 

For the quarter, our same-store sales guidance is 3 to 5% and our diluted earnings per share guidance is 47 to $0.51 per 
share on an estimated 117.3 million shares. 

At this time, I would like to ask Alisha, the operator, to come back and we will be happy to answer your questions. 
Alisha? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tony Cristello of BB&T Capital Markets. 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Good morning, Tony. 

<Q - Anthony Cristello>: Hey, good morning, gentlemen. 

<A>: Good morning. 

<Q - Anthony Cristello>: I guess, I wanted to just ask question on the guidance. And when you look at the 3 to 5% 
guidance versus what you had last year in the second quarter, and Greg, I think you talked about from a seasonality or 
volume standpoint, you typically see volumes build as the quarter progresses. Last year, you had flooding, I think in -and 
certainly that impacted Texas and Oklahoma, and was that – which months first did that really impact in and I will 
let you talk – answer that. And then, I just have some quick follow-up to sort of my question on the quarter in terms of 
guidance as well? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Okay. Well, just speaking of flooding last year in Texas, to be quite honest, Tony, I don't 
remember which month that actually had the most effect. I can tell you, as I mentioned earlier that, to this point in the 


quarter, we are within our guidance range and the comparisons towards the end of the quarter are more favorable, and 
of course, the volume increases towards the end of the quarter. So, that has -- led us to making our linear comp 
guidance of 3 to 5%. 

<Q - Anthony Cristello>: Is there any concern with or I guess, maybe phrase it in another way: when I look at 3 to 5% 
guidance, we talked about the DIY side of the business being soft within the commercial side. And correct me if I am 
wrong, the temperature control business typically in the summer with respect to air conditioning is a bigger DIY 
business; if the consumer with higher gas prices or lower miles driven, is there some risk that you don't get as much 
benefit on a easier compare because of that reason? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Well, there is certainly some risk. Our comparisons to our DIY comps last year of second quarter 
are pretty soft. The DIY business was stressed last year, as it is this year. We are feeling based on first quarter 
performance and the weather that we've had in many of our markets so far this during the first quarter is that spring 
hasn't really sprung yet and a lot of that business is being pushed into the second quarter that would've have happened 
first quarter last year which helped give us confidence in issuing the 3 to 5% comparable store sales guidance for the 
second quarter. 

<Q - Anthony Cristello>: Okay. But in the temperature control category in itself, is that one that's a bigger ticket 
category for you and is it a higher DIY category as well? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: No, no it's really a more – it's more of a do-it-for-me category. There are some minor things that 
DIYers who and they are still some DIYers that try to put refrigerant in their systems and they may do the component 
replacement and then take it to a shop to have the system evacuated and recharged, but for most part, that's a – the 
overall hard parts category of that is more of a do-it-for-me business and it is DIY, some of the ancillary items like the 
DIY recharge kits and the leak test dyes and things like that, we do quite a bit of DIY business, but more of it's 
do-it-for-me. 

<Q - Anthony Cristello>: And you -- when you put in your guidance, I just wanted to – do you factor in the macro in 
terms of gas prices or any of that, or you just basically look at from a comparative standpoint, from a demand 
standpoint how things were and what's your expectation is in terms of how they will play out? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: We look at our comparisons, kind of what trend we've been on, what weather effects we might 
have had coming into the quarter and things like that. It's hard for us to gauge as it is for you all also, I know, to gauge 
the effect of higher gas prices. And I've seen the observations that have been made by the people that focus intently on 
the cost of crude and the potential effect of on gas prices and so forth as much as anyone else. And it's hard for us to 
predict what effect that will have. 

We know that in most of our markets people really don't have a choice but to use their cars for transportation. And most 
consumers, I feel like virtually all consumers want to use their cars, they want to use to private transportation and like 
the, I guess the luxury of having private transportation the convenience of it and they are willing to sacrifice some of 
the other things like going out to dinner and things like that in order to maintain that, as opposed to sacrificing using 
their car when they might want to, as opposed to car pooling, as opposed to using public transit systems in markets 
where they have public transit. But although, I am sure there are customers that will make the decision to use public 
transit to some degree in markets that they are available. 

But, I guess I would say that we factor the effect of gas prices into our comp guidance to a lesser degree, just because 
it's hard for us to accurately factor the effect of that. It's easier for us to deal with the things that we know and 
understand and that are the trends that we've been on, you know the conditions that contributed to those trends and so 
forth. 

<Q - Anthony Cristello>: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. Thank you. 

<A - Greg Henslee>: You bet. 

<A - Tom McFall>: Thanks, Tony. 


<A - Greg Henslee>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Dan Wewer of Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Hi guys, I was a bit confused with the sales performance during March and then what you are 
seeing in April. I understand your comments that halfway through the first quarter same-store sales were in that 1 to 3% 
rate, but we have that very difficult comparison during the months of March. My question is, we knew the comparison 
was difficult in March, so why was that not taken into account when that original guidance was provided? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Well, March wasn't that much more difficult. March improved quite a bit last year but it wasn't 
huge compared to the rest of the quarter, but it was the best quarter of the month last year. And it was taken into 
consideration to the degree that I feel it should have been. No, we were on a trend that led us to believe that our comps 
would end up in March in the 1 to 3% range or we certainly wouldn't have expressed that we felt that our comps would 
end up in that range. And then, of course, March for various reasons, and it's easy to look back at the things that might 
have caused comps to be soft in March, but comps were very soft for us in March. And whether they were soft for the 
whole industry or not, I don't know. I know that we feel like weather was a contributor to our comp performance in 
March, because of the late spring and that it was a tailwind last year with the change to daylight savings time and then 
the favorable weather. And then, also Easter Sunday fell in March this year whereas it fell on April last year and that of 
course is a soft day for us, which is a minor contributor. 

But I guess to answer your question, we do the best we can based on the information that we have and our experience 
in the business to provide comp guidance that we feel like is accurate. And it's very difficult to do, it's almost a crystal 
ball-type thing when you are looking forward to a quarter and really all you have to lean on is our experience in the 
business and the trends that we are on, and the various macro trends that might affect it. And we do our best to keep 
comp guidance accurate and we felt in the middle of February that 1 to 3 was accurate or we wouldn't have issued it at 
that. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: That leads into my follow-up question. The strong results you are seeing during the first three 
weeks of April sounds similar to what NAPA was talking about last week, but how do you know that this recovery in 
April is not simply a head fake and that what we saw in March may be more indicative of the future particularly given 
the 30% increase in gasoline prices? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Well, obviously, we don't know anything for sure relative to the future, other than the fact that 
we know that there was a lot of business that didn't take place in March that will take place in the second quarter. And 
our feeling is that the spring coming late in many of our markets is pushing business into this quarter and are hopeful 
and we feel like that our guidance is as accurate as we can be coming up with the 3 or 5%. Like I said, so far this 
quarter, that's where we are at and we have softening comparisons towards the end of the quarter which is the high-end, 
higher volume portion of the quarter, and for that reason we feel comfortable with the guidance. Now, to your point, if 
gas prices were to spike significantly and consumer behavior changed significantly and then obviously that would have 
an effect, it wouldn't be necessarily baked into our comparable store sales guidance. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Then just a final question I have for Tom, you noted where the expense ratio would have been had 
you made the original sales plan. I was very impressed with the 2% drop in your inventory per store, how much would 
the inventory per store have declined had you actually made the original sales forecast? 

<A - Tom McFall>: It would have declined slightly more. We have a very real-time inventory system where we look 
at what our demand is and what we project it to be and replenish based on that. Many, most vendors have weekly or 
multi-week, multiple times a week orders. So I wouldn't have anticipated a significant change in our inventory. Our 
inventory levels are where we think they need to be. To the extent we would have had higher sales, we would have 
filled the pipe and kept about the same number. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Okay, great. Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Good morning to you. I want to ask you about the performance of your new stores: 
comparing the gap between your total and comp store sales growth with your unit growth would suggest that for the 
second consecutive quarter that productivity remains under some pressure. And I'd like to get some color for you as to 
how you see new store performance, if they're on plan? And if in fact they are on plan whether that plan is lower than it 
would have been in the past, and how that impacts the returns you expect to extract from those units? 

<A - Tom McFall>: Matt, in general our new stores are performing as we'd expect. And they are within the guidance -within 
the range of performance of past store years. Given the tough macro environment though they're not at the 
high-end of that range, they'd be at the lower end of that range, but still within our acceptable guidance and we don't 
think – depicts for us that they are going to get to the mature level of sales that we think they should be at. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Right. 

<A - Tom McFall>: From a performance standpoint and how you guys measure that, well, that's why we changed our 
disclosure a little bit to include the independent jobber sales, the team members and the equipment sales, which are not 
included in comps. Those items were down 6.9% from the first quarter of last year, which when you take that into the 
non-comp basis is a pretty significant amount and should help you with the calculation for our new store performance. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Got you. And that disclosure just to recap it, we are looking at in the text? 

<A - Tom McFall>: Yeah, I'll repeat the numbers. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Yeah, that would be helpful. 

<A - Tom McFall>: The non-comp sales as we disclosed in our calculations, our jobber sales, team member sales and 
equipment sales. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Yeah. 

<A - Tom McFall>: They were $16.2 million for the first quarter, down $1.2 million from the same time last year. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Okay. We will run those numbers through and get a sense as to what they look like. And just 
to follow up, I mean looking at your -- most of the retail across the spectrum had easier comparisons in the first two 
weeks of April last year. My sense from looking at your weather trends or rather specifically is that it kind of rained 
specifically in your states, oddly enough to a much greater degree than it did for almost anyone else, pound for pound, 
through the second quarter. Does that jive with your recollection with the data that you monitor on the conditions in 
your markets last year? 

<A - Tom McFall>: I think, as Greg mentioned earlier, in most of our markets we really don't feel like the onset of 
spring has really taken root. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: But I am talking about last year, just as we think about compares because one would expect 
that you would start – and any retailer would start April doing well. The question is if the weather compares get tougher 
would that continue? It seems in your case that the weather compares don't get tougher, they stay pretty modest and 
give you some opportunity to maintain the momentum that you have? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Yeah. I think that's right, Matt. So far this year we have had – we've had some tough weather. As 
a matter of fact all of us don't had to file our federal and state taxes till May 19th, because this whole area has been 
declared a federal disaster area due to the floods. And as a result, we get a month extra to file our taxes, as have do 
many of the markets in this area that have been so heavily impacted by the heavy rains, and not only the heavy rains, 
but the heavy rains didn't last for just a few days, the heaviest of the rains. We've had a lot of rainy weather, but the 


biggest issue is it's just been cold, with spring has not come, the trees are just now starting to bud in many of the 
markets that would have normally bloomed back three weeks ago. And even though the days have gotten longer people 
aren't working in -- or DIY customers aren't working on their cars and driveways in cold weather, they just kind of wait 
for weather to get better. So, yeah, we feel like we have good comparisons not only from a comp basis, but from a 
weather basis for the remainder of the quarter. 

<A - Ted Wise>: What would really help the aftermarket in general would just be a really hot summer. It's been several 
years since we've had extreme temperature, but for whatever reason, and Tony was asking about air conditioning part 
sales, that's what really drives air conditioning business is that just unbearable hot temperatures. 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Yeah, something else that I wanted to mention also with regard to air conditioning sales is, if 
vehicles today maintain their value from a trading perspective a little longer than they did just a few years back, 
because they are roadworthy at higher mileages. If the air conditioner on a car doesn't work, it very, very significantly 
affects the trade-in value and the resale value of the car. And for that reason air conditioning repair can be deferred for 
some period of time, but for a consumer to get the value out of the car, they really are forced into fixing the air 
conditioner for accepting the fact that they get much less for on trade-in or resale. And if they don't fix it or -- and sell it 
off or trade it, typically the reseller of the car always fixes the air conditioner before it's resold, because it's just very 
hard to sell a car that has air conditioning that doesn't work, because most consumers are aware that AC repairs are 
pretty expensive repair these days. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Got you. Thanks so much. 

<A - Greg Henslee>: You bet. 

<A - Tom McFall>: Thanks, Matt. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Scott Stember of Sidoti & Company. 

<Q - Scott Stember>: Could you talk about the new stores that you talked about for 2009, which areas they would be 
in, and do you plan on opening any additional stores within CSK's footprint or this is just in the traditional O'Reilly 
footprint? 

<A - Ted Wise>: Scott, in '09 we will just continue to fill out our existing distribution points. And again, Greensboro 
will be opened up in the second quarter of '09, so there will be more kind of Northeast expansion. Now, as far as the 
existing CSK markets, the only new markets more than likely we'd be opening stores – that would be in El Paso and 
Albuquerque and maybe in Southern Colorado, where we will be able to distribute out of our Lubbock DC. 

<Q - Scott Stember>: And just going back to fuel cost, I know you guys in the past have talked about some measures 
that you've taken to try to mitigate some of the impact on your costs with diesel and fuel and so forth. Is there anything 
else that you are doing now that you can't do to maybe accelerate some of those efforts? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Well, what we are doing now is really is working on the freight side of it, where we ship 
products from our distribution centers to our stores, the computer systems that we put on the trucks, and the incentive 
programs that we've put in place to encourage our drivers to be more fuel efficient, to drive the vehicles at the right 
RPM, to use the right shift patterns and not leave the truck idling while they are unloading and all these various things. 
They are now incentivized and share on our savings on fuel and we have seen meaningful results. As a matter of fact 
even with the softer comparable store sales in the first quarter, our distribution costs were right at the same cost that we 
were last year first quarter and much of that is the result -- or could have been very negatively impacted had we not had 
these measures in place. 

On the store side, where we are using gasoline as opposed to diesel in running hot shot deliveries, we do everything we 
can to make sure that we schedule and consolidate and route our deliveries as best we can. At the end of the day it 
becomes a customer service and customer satisfaction issue with our commercial customers and our store managers and 


district managers try to balance that every day. But, it's a significant expense increase that we continue to deal within 
and will hopefully get better at. But there is just so much you can do and still keep the level of customer service at the 
rate we feel it needs to be. 

<A - Ted Wise>: In the past we've used various small Ranger trucks and we are in the process right now of testing 
some smaller vehicles to get better gas mileage and would expect that we will be adding a different mix to our delivery 
vehicle to improve our fuel economy there. 

<Q - Scott Stember>: All right, thank you. That's all I have. 

<A - Greg Henslee>: All right. Thanks, Scott. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Benedict of Wachovia. 

<A - Tom McFall>: Good morning, Peter. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: First on the inventory, how would you guys know kind of what the right level is, I mean it's 
been coming down on a per store basis, I know it was up a little bit faster than sales this last quarter. But, talking about 
how you are thinking about that, could that be impacting your sales at all or do you feel like the in-stock is still in good 
shape? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Well, as you may know Peter, we replenish our inventories five nights a week, so we don't on 
some of the hard-to-find parts we don't have to have a lot of depth to service the demand. We are very confident in the 
systems that we use to not only define what inventory goes into a market to begin with based on the vehicle population 
that's there and then these -- we dynamically in an ongoing way do adjustments to not only the depth, but also the 
breadth of inventory and then we give our store managers the latitude to add things to inventory that they feel like they 
need. 

For some reason a certain fleet or whatever the case may be that we are servicing needs a certain product in place. So 
they've modified the -- modified something on the vehicle to cause it to take a different intake filter whatever the case 
maybe. You know the store managers have the latitude to do that. We certainly don't feel like that anything that we are 
doing to better manage our inventories is resulting in softer sales. As a matter of fact, just the opposite, I feel like that 
the things that we do to put the right inventory in each store really is a contributor to the penetration in each market. We 
have a system to log any lost sales that we have at the store and that goes into our demand forecast. We've done this 
obviously for a long long time in all of the stones that can be turned over relative to making sure that we have the right 
inventory in each store have been turned, although we continue to work on ways to be better at everything we do. We 
feel like our inventory management systems are really second to none. 

<A - Ted Wise>: Peter, I might add there, the best way to tell if you have a problem is to listen to the field, because our 
folks are not bashful when they feel they have an inventory problem and to Greg's point, the last couple or three years 
as we've enhanced our systems is very positive feedback from the stores as far as our inventory levels is compared to 
our competition. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Great. Well, thanks for that. On the trade down that you talked about, the activity you are 
seeing in the store, remind me when did that -- when did you start seeing that and was it more pronounced in the first 
quarter than it has been previously? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: I don't think it's more pronouncing and it's really kind of hard to measure on the softer 
comparable store sales relative to just the pure effect of the trade down if we are going to talk about. The -- I would say 
probably the last 18 to 24 months we've seen incrementally the private labels pick up. In talking with some of our 
branded suppliers, we've been asked by some of them if we maybe aren't focusing on selling our brands as much as we 
once were, the absolute opposite is true. We certainly still promote our brands very much to our installer customers and 
we use them as a sell-up opportunity to our DIY customers. 


But without question, and based on the data and our input from the field, our private label products are currently 
growing stronger on the DIY side. And it surprised us a little bit on the commercial side how many of our commercial 
customers are choosing in some cases to use our private label products as opposed to the branded products simply 
because they've got the same, they are dealing with the same customers that we are to some degree, and they got to 
become price-competitive when they quote the job and they are quoting in many cases a private label option and a 
branded option to their end user and evidently the end users are refusing in some cases to use the private label to lower 
cost options. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Thanks. One last one for Tom, then I will let you guys go. The -- any expense in the quarter for 
acquisition-related efforts, due diligence et cetera. Tom, can you break any of that out? 

<A - Tom McFall>: Not material numbers. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Perfect. Thanks so much. 

<A - Tom McFall>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Seth Basham of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Seth Basham>: Just to clarify on the comp guidance, as we think about the rest of the year, now clearly it's 
reasonable to expect a little bit of pent-up demand from the wet March to come through in Q2, but it sounds like you 
are expecting a lot of pent-up demand for the rest of the year or the macro to improve to help your sales going forward, 
right? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Well, I actually at some point all this maintenance that's been deferred over the last 18 to 24 
months that has to come to fruition at some point, with that we are going to have a lot of unsafe cars running around the 
United States. Our feeling is that that incrementally we will see some release in that, in pent-up demand and that's 
going to help offset some of the economic pressure that our customers are under. So, yeah, we do – we do consider the 
fact that there could be at any point -- especially if there is any relaxation in the -- or withdraw in the fuel prices, there 
could be some release in pent-up demand. 

<A - Ted Wise>: And to some degree if you've caught the new car sales report, domestic and import car sales were 
down. So, that should mean people that are keeping their cars don't have to look at things that they need to do to keep 
them on the road versus trading them in. 

<A - Greg Henslee>: Seth, from a comparison standpoint, we had a pretty good third quarter last year not by historical 
standards, but by may be the economy we are in standards, and then we had a soft fourth quarter. So, our comparisons 
were obviously taken into consideration with our guidance. 

<Q - Seth Basham>: Okay, that makes sense. And from a macro standpoint you are not expecting an improvement or a 
significant improvement in the macro to help boost your sales going forward through the rest of the year is that right? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: No. Again, it's – you guys probably know more than we do about the forecast of what's going to 
happen with the macro environment, but our perception would be that the economy we are in is going to last for a while 
and without some meaningful change in the crude oil situation that might drive fuel prices down, we are not looking for 
any material change. We are hopeful as I think everyone is, but not counting on it. And then we also are hopeful that 
the economic stimulus package as the federal government is in the process of pushing out will help some too. There are 
a lot of customers that $1,200 or $1,500 depending on the number of children that they have could make a material 
difference in some of the things that they have deferred whether it's home repair or auto repair or whatever the case 
maybe. 


<Q - Seth Basham>: And then on the gross margin side, clearly this mix shift trends that persisted for a bit of time, but 
based on your guidance your gross margins for the yea, it sort of seems like you expect gross margin improvement not 
to be as great going forward. How do you reconcile those two things and is there a chance that we do see the strength in 
gross margins continue? 

<A - Tom McFall>: Well, a couple of things are going on in gross margin. Our distribution cost continued to feel 
pressure there, especially driven by diesel. The second item is we get a lot support from our vendors for new stores as 
we reduce that number of new stores, that's a pressure on gross margin. Obviously in offsetting, help around the SG&A 
side and though there is have been a lot of changes in prices from our suppliers especially on the commodity side that 
add risk to what we can price products at. 

<Q - Seth Basham>: And then, one more if I may, before I turn over, thinking a little bit longer-term with CSK in the 
picture, as you sort of size up synergies associated with that transaction and think about the buying power that you'll 
have as a larger company, how does that process work in negotiations with vendors, and when do you expect to realize 
some of those big synergies from buying power, will we see some of that flow through in 2009? 

<A - Greg Henslee>: We'll look at -- I'll start off with just kind of a process perspective and then I'll let Tom speak to 
maybe that the timing and effect to what degree we can speak to that on our gross margin. From a process perspective, 
our vendors are very much a part of our growth; they want to grow with us. They participate in our new store growth 
every year. And this is a significant opportunity for the vendors that we have at O'Reilly right now to possibly put their 
products in CSK, stores and let's benefit from the growth of CSK together. 

On the other hand, CSK has established a lot of very valuable and well-known brands in their stores over the years. 
And we are going consider the value those brands in those stores before we abruptly make any changes and make sure 
that we are with the right brand. And there could even be changes that went back the other way where there was a 
branded CSK that we ended up with O'Reilly. We simply will back up and take a look at the performance of the 
products in both companies and make the decisions as to what makes sense going forward. 

But the bottom line is that, for the combined companies, we basically go back to the table with our vendors and say, 
"Hey, here is what we look at today", this is a significant piece of growth for both us and for your company, what this 
means to the efficiencies in which we can operate and what this mean from a cost of goods for us, and we work through 
a process of coming up with a win-win situation for both us and our vendors to move forward as a larger combined 
company that will have some favorable benefit to our gross margin performance. And Tom, you might speak to from a 
timing standpoint. 

<A - Tom McFall>: From the timing standpoint, Seth, we are not prepared to give that information now. There is a 
number of items that from an antitrust standpoint that until we are a combined company, we will have access to. Our 
assumption is based on the information we have is, it was going to take imperative of time, some of the items where we 
have a like products or the exact same product come a lot faster. To some extent, we will ultimately, we won't see the 
total synergies until we come – beat up the distribution center and implement it through our full way of doing business, 
so it's going to take a period of time. 

<Q - Seth Basham>: Okay, fair enough. I appreciate it. 

<A - Greg Henslee>: You bet, thanks, Seth. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn over to Mr. Henslee for any closing remarks. 

Greg Henslee, Chief Executive Officer and Co-President 


Okay, well, I just want to say thanks for everyone's time this morning. You can bet that during the second quarter, team 
O'Reilly is going to be working very hard to generate solid results and we will look forward to reporting our second 
quarter performance in July along with an update on the status of our acquisition of CSK Auto. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


