Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• John M. Morphy, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Jonathan J. Judge, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Rod Bourgeois 
• Kartik Mehta 
• Jason Kupferberg 
• David Grossman 
• James Kissane 
• Julio Quinteros, Jr. 
• Tien-Tsin Huang 
• James Macdonald 
• Mark Marcon 
• Gary Bisbee 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome, and thank you for standing by. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] 
Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. 

I would now like to turn today's meeting over to John Morphy, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
Thank you, sir. You may begin. 

John M. Morphy, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you for joining us today for our third quarter earnings release. Also with us is Jon Judge, our President and CEO. 
The teleconference call will be comprised of three sections: a review of our third quarter 2009 financial results, 
including comments and revised guidance for the full fiscal year 2009; an overview from Jon; and lastly a Q&A 
session. 

Yesterday afternoon, after the market closed, we released our financial results for the third quarter and nine-month 
period ended February 28, 2009. And we have filed our Form 10-Q with the SEC, which provides additional discussion 
and analysis of the results for the quarter. These are available by accessing our Investor Relations page at 
www.paychex.com. In addition, this teleconference is being broadcast over the Internet and will be archived and 
available on our website for approximately one month. 

We continue to experience difficult economic conditions, and like the rest of the world, Paychex finds itself in 
unprecedented times. During the third quarter, we saw economic conditions further deteriorate. But more about that 
later, as we would far prefer to start with a few of the areas we feel good about. 


The selling season, while difficult, was good when measured against reasonable expectations in difficult times. Reading 
the media, we sometimes get the feeling that everything is on stop. Yes, we are experiencing less-than-desired activity 
and/or results, but our world is far from on stop. 

Year-to-date, the total annualized revenue – we refer to that as par – that our total sales force has sold is about equal to 
last year and down only 4% in the third quarter. Much of the 4% relates to higher discounting to meet prices offered by 
other competitors. Year-to-date, our new unit sales from new business starts are down 16%. Our sales forces have done 
an excellent job in working harder to find other sources of business to minimize the impact the credit crisis is having on 
new business starts. 

One of our selling bright spot is Major Market Services, where we expect to achieve our aggressive fiscal 2009 
financial plan for new par revenue. This is due to our experienced MMS sales force taking full advantage of our 
product enhancements and being in a market that is not as affected by poor business starts. Time and Labor Online is a 
good example of a product enhancement, as we can now better meet the time and labor reporting needs of both existing 
and new clients. Overall, we added over 37,000 new payroll clients in the third quarter of fiscal 2009. Our HRS 
business is experiencing some difficulty related to the 401(k) environment, but healthcare continues to meet our 
expectations. 

Operations. We experienced another exceptional calendar year-end from a service point of view. Our customer survey 
scores remain at record levels. In January, we processed over 11 million W-2s, all sent to clients by the 16th of the 
month, and well over half by the 10th of the month. 

There's been unprecedented volatility in the global financial markets resulting in many companies experiencing 
investment or credit losses. We have maintained our conservative investment strategy yet not recognized any 
impairment losses for our investments. We invest on average approximately 4 billion of our clients' and our own cash, 
with daily balance changes frequently in the 1 to $2 billion range. In these turbulent markets, we have managed these 
sizeable investments with no losses of principal and have met all of our clients' daily needs related to the payments of 
wages, taxes, and other benefits to their employees. We regularly monitor creditworthiness and are able to quickly react 
to any changes they may experience that would impact the flow of client funds or cash flows. 

We are also extremely pleased with the performance of our risk controls in these difficult times. We encounter client 
insufficient funds risk related to the building of revenues, accounts receivable, and also when we transfer client funds 
only to find out later the client did not have the funds to pay for the applicable transfer. This risk arises because while 
we believe the money has been transferred into our bank accounts, the banks have two business days to reject an ACH 
transaction. Our ability to minimize losses has been exceptional, as we incurred only 1.3 million of bad debt write-offs 
on 1.5 billion of service revenues during the first nine months of fiscal 2009, and only 3.2 million of write-offs on over 
200 billion of client transfers during the first nine months of fiscal 2009. 

We continue to invest in the business, just as we did during the last recession. Examples include significant systems 
improvements, product enhancements, sales force growth in key areas, and seeking acquisitions that will add value to 
our shareholders. We continue to generate significant cash flow, even after paying dividends to our shareholders. 
Through the first nine months of fiscal 2009, our cash and total investments increased by more than 100 million. 
During the same period, we generated 631 million of operating income, 420 million of net income and paid out 80% of 
net income or 336 million in dividends. Our cash flows historically exceed net income, which allows us to be 
comfortable with and committed to maintaining our current dividend level, even though the payout is increasing as a 
percent of net income. 

We will now share some of our key indicators that might provide some insight into how the small to medium-size 
economy has been acting during fiscal 2009. Again, we have added some additional information that we believe will be 
beneficial to our shareholders, prospective shareholders, and the Wall Street community. Hopefully, this will enhance 
your understanding of Paychex. 

Our checks per client decreased 4.3% for the third quarter and 2.4% for the nine-month period, compared to a 1.5% 
decrease year-to-date through November 30, 2008. Our new client sales and new business starts decreased 23% for the 


third quarter, bringing the year-to-date decline to 16%. Clients lost due to companies going out of business or no longer 
having any employees increased 21% for the third quarter and 16% for the nine-month period. And the 2008-2009 
bonus season was the weakest in recent memory. Bonus dollars decreased 13%, whereas bonus checks decreased 25%. 
In simple terms, the owners took less, but their employees felt the weaker economy more than the owners did. 

On a positive note, while deterioration in these trends was very noticeable through January 2009, the trends appear to 
be stabilizing as we review our results for February and early March. Again, that's a short period of time to say it's 
really stabilized, but at the same time, we're encouraged by the fact that the slope that was very steep in December and 
January appears to have abated. 

Our service revenue grew 6% for the nine-month period, or 80 million. We expect to complete fiscal 2009 with service 
revenue growth of 3 to 5%. This is lower than the guidance we gave last quarter on service revenue growth of 5 to 7% 
and is a result of the key indicators deteriorating, as we mentioned earlier. 

We have continued to leverage our expenses. Our operating income without float increased 8% for the nine-month 
period over the prior year and as a percent of service revenues improved to 37.4% from 36.6% for the same period a 
year ago. We expect to generate a record for operating margin as a percent of service revenues for the full year in fiscal 
2009. 

Though our service revenue guidance is lower, we reaffirm our guidance for net income, a decrease of 5 to 7% from 
last year, and our operating income without float growth of 5 to 8%. 

Contributing to our lower results of operations are the decrease in interest on funds held for clients, which declined 40 
million or 40% for the nine months ended February 28, 2009. Our guidance projects the year to reflect a 40 to 45% 
year-over-year reduction of 52 million to 60 million, consistent with the guidance we provided with you in December. 

On a positive note, our guidance for interest on funds held for clients is not subject to any significant downside rate 
risk, as we have reached a bottom on short-term investment rates, and our long-term investment returns are very 
predictable. Our long-term portfolio currently yields 3.3% and has an average duration of 2.3 years. In each of the next 
two 12-month periods, slightly less than 20% of the portfolio will mature. 

Our guidance policy has been in place for a long time, and except for very few occasions, our actual performance has 
been exceptionally close to our guidance. Our philosophy has been and continues to be to provide guidance based upon 
what we are experiencing in financial terms and quantifying our expectations for the current fiscal year. 

While we do not change the steepness of trend lines, we do project current trends into future periods of time. We 
believe it is extremely difficult, if not impossible, to accurately predict significant upturns, downturns in the economy, 
and even more difficult to forecast increases, decreases to short-term interest rates. Who could have predicted the rapid 
and significant changes to the economic environment that have taken place throughout fiscal 2008 and 2009? 

We believe our guidance philosophy assists the many people developing and evaluating expectations for our future 
financial results. They know what it is based upon, and they can, if they choose to do so, make their assumptions on 
what they believe are realistic assumptions of the future, whether it be changes to interest rates, employment levels, et 
cetera. We will provide more information related to guidance throughout our discussion of our fiscal 2009 financial 
results. 

I will now move to a discussion of our results as presented in our income statement. Payroll service revenue increased 
2% to 381 million and 4% to 1.1 billion for the three and nine months ended February 28, 2009. This growth was 
primarily driven by price increases and growth in the utilization of ancillary services. The growth rates have been 
adversely impacted by the decline in checks per client. The decline in checks per client for the third quarter was 4.3%, 
which is roughly the low point from the last recession. In that recession, checks per client in 2001 declined 3.5%; in 
fiscal 2002, they declined approximately 4.0%. 

As previously mentioned, our ability to attract new and retain existing clients continues to be challenged as more 
companies go out of business or have no employees, and new sales and new business starts continue to decline. 
Additionally, monthly new-hire transactions per client have decreased with some acceleration in the third quarter. 


New-hire transactions are volatile, and some of the drop-off may relate to the fact fewer employees are also leaving 
their current jobs. 

Looking forward, we expect payroll service revenues to grow between 1 and 3% for the full year fiscal 2009. This is 
down from a range of 3 to 5% that was provided back in December. 

Human Resource Services revenue increased 9% to 131 million and 12% to 391 million for the three and nine months 
ended February 28, 2009. This growth was less than anticipated; and based upon detailed analysis, a substantial portion 
of lower revenues were outside our control. Factors contributing to 9% growth include: Comprehensive human 
resource outsourcing services, client employees, increased 6% from February 29, 2008, to 432,000 client employees as 
of the end of February 2009. We continue to be the market leader for this offering, as the total number of our worksite 
employees is more than equal to the next three competitors combined. The 432,000 client employees served does 
represent a reduction from November of 445,000 due to lower levels of employees per client. The client base during the 
same period grew 1%. 

Workers' compensation insurance client base increased 8% to 75,000 clients. 

Retirement services client base increased 6% to 50,000 clients. 

These client growth figures, except for the comprehensive human resource outsourcing services client growth, are 
based upon the comparable number at February 2008. The client base for retirement services and workers' 
compensation remained relatively flat compared to November 30, 2008. Our growth in health insurance revenues 
continued to be strong and grew 79% to nearly 15 million for the first nine months of fiscal 2009. We are well on the 
way to our goal of 20 million for the year. 

Factors adversely affecting growth include: 

Volatility in the financial markets caused the asset value of Retirement Services client employees' funds to decline 23% 
from February 29, 2008, to 7.2 billion. During the same period, the S&P 500 declined 45%. The decline in asset value, 
accompanied by client employees moving their portfolios to safer investments, reduced Retirement Services' revenue 
growth by 3.0 million for the quarter and 5.9 million for the nine-month period. 

The lower level of employees per client in our comprehensive Human Resource Outsourcing Services resulted in a 
reduction to revenue growth of approximately 3 million for the third quarter and 4.5 million for the nine-month period. 
The estimated growth in Human Resource Service revenue for the three- and nine-months periods if we'd excluded 
those two items would have been 14% and 15%. We continue to experience volatility in PEO service revenue due to 
the fluctuation in workers' compensation claims and workers' compensation rates, but those fluctuations were modest in 
the quarter we just had. Looking forward, we expect Human Resource Services revenue to grow between 10% and 13% 
in fiscal 2009. 

Total service revenue increased 4% to 512 million and 6% to 1.5 billion for the three and nine months ended February 
28, 2009. Looking forward, we expect total service revenue to grow between 3 and 5% in fiscal 2009. 

Interest on funds held for clients decreased 56% to 16 million and 40% to 60 million for the three and nine months 
ended February 28, 2009. This is primarily the result of lower average interest rates earned on short-term investments. 
The average interest rate earned on funds held for clients was 1.8% and 2.4% for the three and nine months ended 
February 28, 2009, a decrease from 3.6% and 3.9% for the same periods a year ago. 

In addition, overall economic trends of companies going out of business and lower checks per client have adversely 
impacted the growth in average investment balances for the three and nine months of fiscal 2009. Under normal 
financial conditions, the impact to our earnings from a 25 basis point increase or decrease in the short-term interest 
rates would be approximately 4 million after taxes for a 12-month period. Such a basis points change may or may not 
be tied to the federal funds rate. It is not possible to quantify the after-tax effect from a 25 basis point change in the 
current investment environment. That will depend on whether the rates actually move. 


And guidance projects the year to reflect the 40 to 45% year-over-year reduction of 52 million to 60 million in interest 
on funds held for clients, and is unchanged from the guidance provided last December. 

Looking at expenses. Consolidated operating, selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 3% to 331 million 
and 4% to 956 million for the three and nine months ended February 28, 2009. These increases were the result of 
increases in personnel and other costs related to selling and retaining clients and promoting new services. As of 
February 28, 2009, we had approximately 12,600 employees, compared with approximately 12,300 employees as of 
February 29, 2008. 

Our philosophy on expense management is to continually look for more efficient ways to conduct our business while 
not impacting the level of service our clients expected when they added our services and to invest in the future. In these 
turbulent times, our employees are doing an excellent job of cost management, ensuring we continue to provide our 
best service levels ever. 

We are investing for the future with our continued investment in healthcare offering that has been rewarded by 79% 
revenue growth in the first nine months of fiscal 2009. And we are managing our sales forces with the objective that all 
territories will be staffed, with no reduction in territories. 

Operating income decreased 6% to 197 million for the three months ended February 28, 2009, and was flat for the nine 
months ended February 28, 2009, at 631 million. Operating income excluding interest on funds held for clients 
increased 5% to 181 million and 8% to 571 million for the three and nine months ended February 28, 2009. Our 
guidance for operating income excluding interest on funds held for clients is unchanged from the second quarter and 
projected to increased 5% to 8% for the full year. 

Net income for the third quarter decreased 8% to 131 million or $0.36 diluted earnings per share. Net income for the 
first nine months decreased 5% to 420 million or $1.16 diluted earnings per share. The majority of the decrease in net 
income was attributable to the decrease in interest rates. To a lesser extent, earnings per share was positively impacted 
by the 1 billion stock repurchase program completed in December of 2007. For the first nine months of fiscal 2009, the 
stock repurchase program increased diluted earnings per share by $0.05. Looking forward, we expect net income to be 
5 to 7% less than a year ago. 

We'll now move to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position is strong, with cash and total corporate investments of 572 
million and no debt. Our cash flow from operations were 563 million for the first nine months of fiscal 2009. Our net 
property and equipment balances activity during the nine months ended February 28, 2009, reflected capital 
expenditures of approximately 53 million and depreciation expense of approximately 40 7 million. Purchases of 
property and equipment in fiscal 2009 are expected to be in the range of 75 million to 80 million. Fiscal 2009 
depreciation expense is projected to be approximately 65 million, and amortization of intangible assets for fiscal 2009 
is expected to be approximately 20 million. 

Client fund obligations as of February 28, 2009, increased to 4.1 billion from 3.8 billion as of May 31, 2008. Clients 
funds held vary widely on a day-to-day basis and averaged 3.3 billion during the first nine months of February 28, 
2009, which is relatively flat over the prior year. The growth rate in average funds held for clients has been negatively 
impacted by current economic conditions, as discussed previously. 

Total stockholders' equity was 1.3 billion as of the end of February, reflecting 336 million in dividends paid in the first 
nine months or 80% of net income. Our return on equity was a strong 44%. 

You should be aware that certain written and oral statements made by management constitute forward-looking 
statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements should be evaluated in 
light of certain risk factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. Please refer to 
our Safe Harbor statement in the press release for our discussion of forward-looking statements and related risk factors. 

At this time, I am pleased to turn the meeting over to Jon Judge. 


Jonathan J. Judge, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, John, and good morning. That was a lot of information to digest, and in many cases much more detail than we 
normally provide. So I hope that was helpful. I'll just take a few minutes to emphasize some points and then open it up 
for your comments and questions. 

Our third quarter results, while certainly not at the normal Paychex levels of excellence, left me proud of how hard our 
team fought through the economic difficulties. The third quarter was another tough quarter of macroeconomic 
headwinds that produced significant challenges for our clients and prospective clients, and therefore us as well. 

The same issues that have been affecting our normal business results were at play again in the quarter: increased losses 
due to business failures and non-payment, decline in new business starts due to poor credit availability, very low 
interest rates on our float revenue, negative job growth, and the highest unemployment in 10 years. John took you 
through the details of how those issues affected our performance in such areas as sales from newly created businesses, 
client employee attrition and therefore lower check volumes, much higher client business failures and the lost revenue 
as a result. 

But regardless of the tough economy, there were lots of very encouraging results as well. The third quarter is our most 
important quarter from a sales standpoint. It normally accounts for over a third of our total-year sales. We finished the 
three months down 4% over last year and flat for the nine-month period, well ahead of most if not all of the participants 
in our market. Our MMS division is having a very good year in new sales. It's running essentially at a normal pace 
despite the economy. 

New products are being very well-received, products such as Time and Labor Online, HRO, health benefits, that John 
just mentioned. We're gaining share versus our competition and maintaining extremely high customer satisfaction. We 
remain very profitable and are actually expanding our margin, and we have a terrific dividend. 

We continue to leverage our growth through excellent expense management and obtaining leverage off of our 
infrastructure. For the nine months ending February 9, we leveraged our 6% service revenue growth into 8% operating 
income growth ex float. And while this is not at our business model of 12% top line growth and 15% bottom line 
growth, the leveraging of 6% top line to 8% bottom line is almost spot on our model. This is directly attributable to our 
margin expansion of almost a full point from 36.6% to 37.4% during the toughest economic headwinds of the past 80 
years. 

So in summary, the quarter once again presented some unusual economic headwinds, but the areas that we could 
control, we controlled very well, including excellent expense management and client satisfaction. The $64,000 question 
is when will the economy turn to positive growth. And while I don't have that answer any more than I suspect you do, I 
do know that when it does turn, Paychex will be in an excellent position to take advantage of the turn. 

John and I would be happy to take any questions at this point. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rod Bourgeois. Your line is open, and please state 
your company name. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Great. Yeah, it's Rod Bourgeois here with Bernstein. Guys, I just wanted to inquire a little more 
about the pricing environment. You guys normally get an annual price increase of 3 to 4%, and I'm wondering as you 
head into fiscal 2010, can you handicap your ability to push through a price increase next year? Or is that not a good 
idea until the environment stabilizes more? 


<A - Jonathan Judge>: Rod, this is Jon Judge. I think we talked – we may have talked about this in the last call as 
well. We're very close to making that decision public. We've had quite a few debates inside of our company – as we do 
every year, by the way. Both sides are very well-represented. The reality is that the environment that we're in right now 
is a very difficult environment. The environment that we were in at this time last year was also a very difficult 
environment. As you know, we're in about the 15th or 16th month of this recession. 

And while we're not prepared to tell you what we're going to do at this call, I would say that it is reasonable for you to 
assume that we'll be in pretty much the same position we were in last year, and that it's probably likely that we will do 
another price increase similar to what we've done in the past number of years, as far back as anybody can remember. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: All right, guys. And If you do put a normal price increase through, will that be offset by 
discounting and other price concessions that are happening in advance of that? In other words, will you truly get a net 
sort of 3 to 4% price increase as normal? Even if you try to institute that, will you actually get it? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Well, time will tell. I mean, we do have a lot of history on this. And so we do have a pretty 
good understanding of what happens when we put a price increase in place, relative to what we net. And I would say 
that looking at this year versus last, looking at the activity that happened during the sales season versus last relative to 
competitive pressures on price, that it might be reasonable to assume that we might not net as much as we would 
normally net if we go ahead and do what I described. But it would be probably pretty close based on what we can see 
from this year so far and what we saw last year. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: You mentioned that you're bookings in the quarter were hurt by price aggression from 
competitors. Can you quantify the amount of price aggression or the amount of impairment to your business that is 
happening from the recent pricing pressures? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: John, do you want to take a poke at that? 

<A - John Morphy>: Well, first off, the year-over-year was only off 4%, so discounting wasn't all of that, because we 
were down some on units. So I don't think it's significant. I mean, there's no doubt – and you know the people that are 
doing more of it than others. And so it's there, but we don't always see them head-to-head, and when we have to match, 
we match, but we're the price leader, and we're going to continue to be the price later. And we think we offer better 
customer service, and we don't have to win by always matching the price exactly. So discounting's a little more 
difficult, but not so much that it's going to change anything dramatically from what we see right now. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: All right, great. And then just finally, can you tell us the plan on the dividend and if there's any 
entertainment at some point of doing share buybacks again? But mostly on the dividend, is that intact? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Well, two things on that. And I'll go first and then Morph can put some in as well if he'd like. 
The dividend, as you know, is a decision that's made by the Board, not by the management team. Obviously we have a 
position on it. We discuss our dividend at every one of our Board meetings, even though we change our dividend 
traditionally only once a year. 

What I will tell you – and we've talked about this before – the dividend is a very large part of the culture of our 
company. It's something that we consider to be extremely important. And I would be very surprised if there were any 
changes to the current dividend. From the standpoint of ability to pay out the dividend, from the income from 
operations, we are not at risk this year and we don't believe we're at risk next year of needing to do anything other than 
to continue to produce profits to pay the dividend. So on that score, I would tell you that I would be very surprised if 
there was any change to our dividend. But again, that is a decision that's made by the Board, not by the senior 
management team. 

<A - John Morphy>: I would add to that. It has been discussed before – paying 100% of earnings is not something that 
would bother us. We're very fortunate; our cash flow is generally a little bit better than net income. So it's not like we 
can't pay out the full net income. We're sitting on a nice cash balance of over 500 million. It's not impossible we 
wouldn't use some of that if we didn't think the impairment was permanent. So I would echo Jon's comments. 


On the stock buyback, the issue there I think is right now, cash is king for those who have it. We're aggressively 
looking for acquisition opportunities. Unfortunately we haven't found anything that fits just quite right yet. But I think 
to use the money to buy stock back would be kind of short-term focused, as we think we can do better in the long run. 
But that also doesn't mean that if things got a lot worse in shares or whatever we got the price is, it doesn't mean we 
wouldn't consider it. 

So I think we keep looking at this. But right now, while we feel very good about the dividend and stock buybacks, 
we're not even authorized to do any right now. So that's, I think, the best overview we can give you. 

<Q - Rod Bourgeois>: Very well said. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: See you, Rod. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Kartik Mehta. Your line is open, and please state your company 
name. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: FTN Equity Capital Markets. John, I had a question, I know it's a very short period and you said 
you saw some stabilization in February and March, and obviously you don't want to draw a conclusion from a short 
time period, but I'm wondering if you could elaborate on what metrics you saw the stabilization for? 

<A - John Morphy>: Checks. The most important metric, checks. It's the first time – February and March look like to 
be the first months in quite a while since probably back to August, where the forecast looks like it'll be met. It's been 
like we forecast – we forecast the trends, and they're worse than we thought they would be. And December and 
January, they were like rocks dropping, and some of that is hung up in the bonus checks. But I actually think checks per 
client in March might be slightly better than they were in February. 

But that doesn't mean much because it's too short a period of time, and you get the aberrations on how the calendar 
falls. So it's too short a period to call. I have had another person tell me that's in a different industry that would be close 
to what we would see, and they would be a little bit ahead of us, and they thought they were seeing some stabilization. 
Now, we could see this and it could change again. So I'm very cautious about a short period of time, but same token, I'll 
take six weeks of what I thought stopped something over what I've had in the past. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Any good news is better than what we've had, right? 

<A - John Morphy>: Right. And new hire report – that went off the cliff in December. Now, it dropped to a low point, 
but that's not gotten any worse either. Maybe because it can't get much worse, but it's kind of hung in there. But I think 
the new business people push to get to the end of the year, and I hope they did what they needed to do, and hopefully 
they've done most of it. But only time will tell. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: John, you also mentioned opportunity for acquisitions, and – is this just trying to buy some 
smaller payroll companies? Or do you think there's an opportunity to maybe buy a product line or something else that 
would have a impact on revenue and earnings of the company? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Without going into – Kartik, this is Jon Judge. Without going into any detail – because we 
would never talk to you about something that we weren't prepared to talk to you about. The answer in terms of what our 
interests are is all of the above. We buy small payroll companies every year. This year is no exception, we've bought a 
bunch already. We will continue to buy them as they become available at a price that makes sense to us from a lifetime 
profitability standpoint. 

But the acquisition part that John refers to or that I refer to when we talked about it is more the latter of what you talked 
about, which is finding companies that have solutions that would integrate well into our infrastructure, into our clients' 
needs, and with companies – they don't have to be as profitable as we are; the acquisition obviously would have to be 
accretive. But they'd have to be in a space where we believe that we could get them close to the profitability of our 


company for long-term reason. 

But that's what we're looking for. We have a small group in our company that does that. We look at literally hundreds 
of companies each year. But as you know from looking at us, one of the interesting issues that we have is when you're a 
40% pre-tax company, the types of things that you're interested in tend to be maybe not that profitable, but profitable. 
And companies that are profitable aren't always interested in selling. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: And a last question, Jon. Are you seeing any small payroll companies having problems with 
their client fund? I didn't know if that was an opportunity to gain market share in this environment, if those companies 
were having not only problems operating but maybe even having problems with the client fund that they have? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Well, I'll give you my opinion, and then Morph can give you his. The piece where I've been 
surprised to date is that there haven't been more companies who have had apparent financial difficulties in the 
environment that we're in. Now, it is true that this space is generally a profitable space. I mean, there's nobody that runs 
at our margins, but even if you run at half our margins, most people would think you had a pretty good company. 

So I for one have been surprised that there haven't been more companies that have found themselves in financial 
difficulties and therefore needing either a white knight or some other mechanism, other means to recapitalize. So the 
answer I'd tell you is no. And I'm not aware of any companies that have had difficulty with client funds specifically, but 
you know as well as I do from following the space that from time to time, we've learned that there are some companies 
that get a little bit either more aggressive with how they're investing clients' money or in some cases actually using it 
inappropriately. But I'm not aware of any in this current environment. 

Morph? 

<A - John Morphy>: I'm not aware of any, but I think the reason – it's hard – first off, as you said, the companies are 
usually very profitable. The other thing when you take the float issue, the rec loan kit and coverage you probably lose 
half of it. And most of those people know that. So they usually don't tamper too much. The other thing, what's 
interesting, we brought some of them, you find float in usual places. It probably rarely would be too aggressively 
invested in the market, a kind of a different flow than what you might expect. Though sometimes it's in a Jaguar or a 
Corvette. Usually I think they've known enough not to take too much risk, but only time will tell. Because we have 
seen others where actually it isn't so much how they invested it, they actually stole it. So – but right now I don't know 
of any. 

<Q - Kartik Mehta>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Jason Kupferberg. Your line is open, and please state your 
company name. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: Thanks. Jason Kupferberg from UBS. Good morning, guys. Wanted to ask a question on the 
operating income line. It looks like as we up here head into Q4 that year-over-year growth in the operating income, 
excluding the interest on client funds, I guess could turn slightly negative. I'm wondering based on what you see today, 
is it possible that this metric could be in negative territory for the full year fiscal '10, just recognizing that there might 
not be much revenue growth out there to get the typical natural leverage that you're accustomed to? 

<A - John Morphy>: Well, basically what's going to happen is something we've talked about many times, is that we 
can control costs exceptionally well for almost every circumstance. The one that gets harder is when checks per client 
decreases. Because the last check, while it's the lowest revenue check, it's also the highest profit check. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: Right. 

<A - John Morphy>: So we will get some pressure on these margins. 


Now, when I say that, I don't want you to go feel that the margins are going to go to hell. Because that isn't going to 
happen either. But the margins are going to see some pressure that's going to start next quarter, because of checks per 
client. When you go into looking at fiscal 2010, in a world like this one, the change that can take place between now 
and when we give guidance at the end of June to me is too great for me to fully speculate on that. I mean, obviously 
we're looking hard at 2010. But we're not ready to say what we think it'll be until we see what environment really 
actually happens. 

But we are aggressively cutting all expenses we can cut, and we're also watching to make sure we stay supportive of 
our employees, and we're doing everything we can. But we just have to watch it. But you will see some pressure. But 
how deep, we don't know yet. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: Okay. So I guess – but if checks per client stays in negative territory over the next 12 
months, then I guess the logic there would be that operating income would probably see some kind of absolute 
declines? 

<A - John Morphy>: I'm not ready to say that yet, but the margin could. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: Yeah, the margin could. Okay, no, that's helpful. And then I just wanted to talk a little bit 
more on the cost side as well. Certainly it seems like you guys have done a very nice job to date in that department. 
What's kind of left at your disposal when you think about the different levers that you can pull from an outright 
cost-cutting perspective? I mean is there still a fair amount in head count? Is there anything facilities-wise or other back 
office types of operations? If you can help us think through any of those categories, that would be great. 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Well, let me start with that, John, and then you can add in if you'd like. It starts, Jason, with a 
management philosophy that absolutely links revenue and expense. So every one of our senior managers knows as we 
go through our budgeting process – and we're about to get into heavy-duty budgeting process in the next couple, three 
weeks. When we go through the budgeting process, all of our senior management team knows that they get X amount 
of expense to generate Y amount of revenue, and if the revenue line is coming down, then the expense line has to come 
down in the same ratio. And so it starts with that. It's not – the way that we run our business, it's not as though we just 
sort of when we get in trouble, we go and try and find a couple of big line items and start hacking away at them. 

It's a much more disciplined approach than that. And all areas are up for grabs. The thing that we do extremely well as 
a team is that we're very careful about the things that we cut to make sure that we're not cutting into things that will hurt 
our near-term and medium-term revenue growth potential. So we're pretty careful to make sure that we're cutting the 
least impactful things first and the most impactful things last. 

Now, we have done some things that will help us in the immediate year and next year. You've probably read that we 
froze wage increases for all employees for one year, that we have discontinued the company max on the 401(k) for one 
year. Those two items alone generated savings that would be in the neighborhood of several hundred jobs, as an 
example. And as we go into the budget season, we'll be very careful to look at anything that we don't believe is 
necessary to maintain client satisfaction or generate revenue and profit growth, and those things are all up for grabs. 

Now, you probably know when you look at a company like ours that's running at a 40% pre-tax, there's not a lot of fat 
running around. So it really has to be in most cases, it has to be pretty much disciplined, across-the-board expense 
management. John? 

<A - John Morphy>: That was a great – I don't have any more to add. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: Just a quick clarification to wrap up here. First, you mentioned that you added 37,000 new 
payroll clients in the quarter. Was that a gross or net number? 

<A - John Morphy>: Oh, that was gross. That was gross. I would've have loved if it had been net. We'd be cheering 
from the streets. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: What was the net? 


<A - John Morphy>: We don't disclose client growth except once a year. Now, we have mentioned, on the last call, 
that client growth could go negative for the year. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: Right, right. 

<A - John Morphy>: If you looked at ADP's numbers that were announced yesterday, in the sectors we're in, they 
were negative. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: Yeah. And are you going to give this bookings metric going forward, the annualized 
revenue sold? 

<A - John Morphy>: We will – when we talk about this data, my tendency is when times are difficult and harder to 
predict, we will tend to give more data. When times get better, we'll tend to bring some of that data back, only because 
my experience shows when you give all this data, we get people that overreact – usually overreact to this stuff. But 
today I think we've got to give you as much information as possible. So while it matters, we'll continue to give it to 
you, and when it matters less, we'll probably draw it back. But for the time being, yeah, I don't think you'll see us 
drawing anything back immediately. 

<Q - Jason Kupferberg>: Fair enough. Thank you, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from David Grossman. Your line is open, and please state your 
company name. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Sure, David Grossman from Thomas Weisel. Just following up I guess on a couple of those 
comments you just made. In terms of the client growth, if you kind of hold things – and say they stabilize from the 
current levels. Does that imply that client growth would in fact would be negative for the year? And can you give us a 
framework to think about client growth in fiscal '10 as well? 

<A - John Morphy>: Well, I can't say what '10 will be yet, David, because I don't know. But if you looked at what 
ADP disclosed, I'm better than they are, so to give you a range, it's pretty narrow. But we're not looking at something 
that's huge, but you could get negative. 

<Q - David Grossman>: And again, similarly, on the kind of – if you think about the revenue per client, it sounds like 
bankruptcies are up a lot but the checks per client are down. How do we synthesize that? And thinking about the 
revenue per check or the revenue per client type of metric, does that actually go up in this environment, does it stay 
flat? 

<A - John Morphy>: The revenue per check will probably go up slightly. And the reason it goes up slightly is that's 
assuming that we do a price increase, which we haven't totally decided yet – but that would have some assistance to 
that obviously. The other thing is when you take out the checks at the bottom; those are the lowest-revenue checks. 

So if you did revenue per check and came up with a number – I know that I increased it by more than a nickel, but it 
can definitely go up a few pennies, and that's one of our tests. When we look at our metrics in the business, which you 
look at every month, when I see checks going down, I better see that revenue per check number going up. And almost 
always, we look and we go "Yep, there it popped," so that's a reasonable expectation. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay. And do you have any kind of orders of magnitude in the last cycle, how that metric 
trended in terms of revenue per check? 

<A - John Morphy>: Revenue per check increased. I'm going to say it increased – that happened between 0.03 and 
$0.05. But I mean, you're going off memory. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay. 


<A - John Morphy>: I won't be far off on that one. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay. And then just getting back to the question about expenses. I mean, if I just think about 
it in terms of absolute dollars, again just thinking if things kind of just stabilize from here on out, is it possible to kind 
of do many of the things you mentioned, take the absolute spending levels down, but not really necessarily impact the 
investments that you're making to grow the business and retain employees, among other things? 

<A - John Morphy>: I think expenses next year will be close to flat. Depending on how the budget process goes and 
the opportunities that are presented, they could go negative. But I won't know that till I get there. But you're not – if 
somebody said to me, "Could they be negative?" I wouldn't come back and say, "No, that's impossible." It'll be 
definitely in the scheme of things that will be looked at. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay. And just, John, one last question, just on the EPS skew. I mean, again, assuming kind 
of a more stable environment, just at current levels, would we have a different skew? I assume just logically you would 
be a little more back-end loaded in terms of EPS for next year? 

<A - John Morphy>: No, that's what I originally thought, but my first look at '10 doesn't seem to indicate that. But, 
again, it's too early to say. But I didn't see that. Right now I think the skew's going to be normal, but we'll know more 
about that when we get into it. 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay. Great. 

<A - John Morphy>: I would've guessed what you said, but my first look, that didn't happen. And I got a few people 
answering questions – at least they're doing the research – going, "Wait, I didn't think that was going to happen." 

<Q - David Grossman>: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Kissane. Your line is open, and please state your company name. 

<Q - James Kissane>: Yes, B of A-Merrill. Hey, Jon and John. John, can you give us an update on the retention rate? 
And are you seeing more voluntary churn, given what you've said about the competitors pricing more aggressively? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Well, a couple things there. One, most of the stuff that you'll hear about pricing being more 
competitive has to do with sales of new clients, not clients in the install base. So you shouldn't necessarily translate one 
into the other. So – give me the rest of your question again, Jim? 

<Q - James Kissane>: Yeah, no, it was basically that. I mean, where you're getting picked off. So you talked about the 
bankruptcies and going out of business or just employees going away, so the clients go away, impacting your retention 
rate. I was just wondering, would it also be impacted by voluntary churn where clients just go to another guy? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: We'll have some of that every year. It's – when you look at what our losses are in an average 
calendar year, we'll lose 10 to 12% of customers going out of business, another 1 to 2% of clients that lose the ability to 
pay and we take them off the service so they take themselves off the service, but they're still in business, they've just 
gone to no checks. And in a normal year, there's somewhere in the 5 to 7% of the clients that we lose, we lose for other 
reasons, and that would fall into that category that you're talking about. 

So it happens each year. We track pretty carefully the number of clients we lose to competition against the number of 
clients that we take from competition. That number has been positive for the whole five years that I've been at Paychex; 
it's still positive now. You'll get little variations up and down. The total number that are actually in this exercise relative 
to the total number of clients we have in the install base is pretty small. 

<Q - James Kissane>: Okay. So that 5 to 7% number has not changed this year? 


<A - Jonathan Judge>: It has – no. The part that we can control is pretty much where it's been for as long as I've been 
here. We try to get it a little bit better every year, because we dissect that 5 to 7 and try to figure out, in that 5 to 7, what 
are the things that we can control? Obviously, the generalized thought about client satisfaction when you deal with 
clients is in that. But there's also specific things like different type of reporting capability, clients that want different 
feature functionality things, and we work towards that. 

I mean, a good example would be, one of the reasons we're having such a great year in MMS this year is that one of the 
problems that we had with some of our MMS clients in prior years were things like we didn't have a robust enough set 
of applications, like Time and Labor Online. And so, once we built those applications and put them into play, we save 
clients that we might otherwise have lost. And quite frankly, we got new clients where we would've been excluded 
from bidding in the past. 

<Q - James Kissane>: Okay. That's excellent. And John Morphy, you talked in the Q about the float income or 
investment income on client funds not going below $60 million? 

<A - John Morphy>: Float plus investment income. 

<Q - James Kissane>: Okay. Got you. And the – I guess that's basically based on the rates 


<A - John Morphy>: Yeah. 

<Q - James Kissane>: – that you're earning and what you can see over the next year. What other factors could – 
obviously float could get affected, but 


<A - John Morphy>: Balance. 

<Q - James Kissane>: That's right. But you're – basically what you're saying right now is the 60 million's a good 
number to use. 

<A - John Morphy>: Yes, and if it gets worse than that, we don't want to talk about it, because something else has got 
real bad. 

<Q - James Kissane>: Okay. And I guess just following up on that, you did talk about the trend stabilizing. In 
answering someone else's question, you said it was the checks per client primarily. But are you seeing it also in new 
sales, bankruptcies? Are trends improving there as well? 

<A - John Morphy>: I would never look at it in such a short period of time on that. I would – check's the thing that 
really moves this thing or how the economy's going. And actually, the checks are kind of resulting factors of those 
other things, too. So, we didn't look – I didn't look at those in the same detail, short period of time. Checks – when 
checks move, you know it, and that's the best indicator of all of them. 

<Q - James Kissane>: That's great. And thanks for the increased disclosure. 

<A - John Morphy>: No problem. 

Operator 

That concludes your question? 

<Q - James Kissane>: Yes. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Julio Quinteros. Your line is open, and please state your 
company name. 


<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Great, Goldman Sachs. Hey, John Morphy, real quickly on the cost side quick, what was 
the benefit of the pay wage and the 401(k) matching changes that you guys had in the quarter? And also related to that 
on the cost side, how much did you guys – how much benefit do you guys get from sales commissions not being as 
strong as you would have thought in the quarter? 

<A - John Morphy>: Basically, those two items, we got nothing, because they weren't effective. One wasn't effective 
until March 1, and one wasn't effective till April 1. And the wage change isn't going to affect very much in this year 
because we don't have very many wage increases in the last three months of the year. So the impact there will be more 
in the first quarter next year. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Got it. 

<A - John Morphy>: Basically when you talk about incentive pay, there's no doubt – and we've talked about it before 
– one thing that's helping us on margins is incentive pay for both management and salespeople is less than what it 
might normally be. So I went this morning and looked – the impact on margins, though, was less than 1% at the current 
time. So we're not talking about something that's a huge number, but it is something we will have to work against in 
next year's plans, because you'll try to restore some of those things back to normalcy. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Got it. Okay. And then on the actual numbers, it sounds like everything you've talked 
about as far as the improvements have been focused on check, but what was the – at what level was it stabilizing at? So 
it was down 4%, I guess, through February – through February quarter. 

<A - John Morphy>: It stabilized about where the bad was. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: I'm sorry? 

<A - John Morphy>: Stabilized where the bad was. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Where the bad was? What does that mean? 

<A - John Morphy>: Got bad, stabilized there. It didn't get better. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Got it. Okay. And then on the new sales and the client attrition or the clients lost because 
they're out of business, did those numbers also stabilize, or was it just specific to the check number that you were 
talking about? 

<A - John Morphy>: It's linked to the check number, and the reason I do that is a lot of our season happens between 
December and February, and – actually December to the end of January. So those aren't real indicative to start looking 
at those. And we also get a lot of year-end – month-end effects. So March, I really don't have any numbers on those. 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: The thing, though, that will potentially affect those – those things should be directly affected 
by the things that are happening in both the monetary policy and the fiscal policy of the Fed and of the president. The 
thing that's hurting most things pretty significantly is the credit situation, which they're trying desperately to get under 
control and start to get credit flowing again, and – mostly that. So if you start to see a much more – more of a loosening 
in the credit environment and credit dollars to start to flow again, you should start to see new business originations pick 
up as – more normal than where they are right now, and you should see clients going out of business less frequently 
than they are right now. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Yeah. Agreed. And then just finally, on just the pricing commentary, the two pieces to it, 
existing pricing increases versus new pricing increases – everything that we heard about yesterday at the analysts 
meeting for ADP suggested that there was definitely some pricing on new sales, et cetera. So just, if you could – can 
you just net those out, the comments that you had about the pricing that you're contemplating going forward? Is that on 
your existing base versus the new stuff? 

<A - John Morphy>: No, those are two different bases, because the price increase obviously goes in on the existing, 
and you talked about that. And then you got the price increases on the new. That's going to be a function of what the 
market allows you to do. I mean, we've got to be competitive. Our sales force is allowed to discount on the spot, if they 


need to be. But again, we aren't going all the way to the bottom, and we win business and we win off our great service, 
and we win off the ability that – we've got a reputation. We're not going to try to be the low-price provider, because 
we're the leader. And we'll continue to fight in the marketplace, and our salespeople are doing a great job. 

<Q - Julio Quinteros, Jr.>: Got it. Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang. Your line is open, and please state your company name. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Hi, it's Tien-Tsin Huang from J.P. Morgan. John Morphy, what are you looking for in the 
marketplace in – I guess in order for you to move into higher yielding securities? 

<A - John Morphy>: I think what – right now, the next indicator that we can move is the U.S. dealer securities are still 
stuck at 5 to 15 basis points, which is better than they were – not much, but you know – but when that starts to move, to 
me that's the signal we'll move. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Okay. 

<A - John Morphy>: And that also will be the signal that the banks are cooperating better. The whole reason those 
rates are so low is because the banks don't trust each other. They don't want to move anything between each other, and 
that's what the Fed is trying to get fixed with this policy. But the banks are still sitting there, and we just aren't back to 
normal. I will say this: We're not good enough yet by any means, but we're a lot better than we were in October. We see 
this whole process as working much better. October was scary. 

But I can't go to higher yields till I'm sure my money is – I can get it. As much as I would like to get to higher yields, us 
acting the way we are and making sure we're doing what we need for our customers is just way more important than 
yields. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Agreed. I was just curious what you were watching for. So that's useful. 

<A - John Morphy>: It'll be the move. You see that move, and you can say okay. And that'll be a good move for 
everything. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Yep, agreed. Two quick ones and I'll jump off. One, what is the outlook for float balance 
growth? Because that's been coming in a little bit weaker than what we were modeling. 

<A - John Morphy>: I'd say flat. You might make it slightly down. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Flat to slightly down. Okay. And I know Julio asked this as well. Checks per client, so it's 
stabilizing at this down 4% level? Is that the right number? 

<A - John Morphy>: Depends if you want to believe the world's getting worse, or better, or staying the same. For me, 
we'll probably do a plan that's going to be around at that level, holding. And now, another thing I think that gives that 
some validity is that's where it stopped last time. So unless I see some increases in it, and – I think that's a good 
number. Do I think it's going to – and now you get into guessing when the economy's going to change, and I don't have 
any way of knowing that. But I wouldn't leave – I wouldn't take the number – the number might be 3 for this year. I 
think you got to work off – closer to the 4. But it could change. 

<Q - Tien-Tsin Huang>: Good to know. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Jim Macdonald. Your line is open, and please state your 
company name. 


<Q - James Macdonald>: Yeah, First Analysis, and thanks for taking my question. On HR Services, could you talk a 
little bit about the sequential drop? And was there any impact of end of year on that number? 

<A - John Morphy>: No. Most of the drop in HR is related to things we can't control. It's the basis points, which over 
time we're going to wean off those anyway, because the fund choices we have aren't going to have as much basis 
points, but then we charge more to the client. So it's just some of those things are happening. But the remarkable part is 
I think HR holds in there and 401(k) holds in there, but we just got to keep watching it. Now, this is the first time we 
ever had this much revenue in that product line, because if you go back to the early 2000s I think that revenue line was 
like 100 million versus the 400 plus it is today. 

<Q - James Macdonald>: I was particularly talking about the client employees, which dropped. 

<A - John Morphy>: Well, client employees on the work site is simple. They're letting people go, just like other 
people are. And you have to understand that we've got not a distinct site, but we have a little more geographic in 
Florida, which – Florida is probably worse than other places. 

<Q - James Macdonald>: I mean, do you see that improving as we go into the later calendar quarters here? Your sales 
ability to kind of offset the drop? 

<A - John Morphy>: I don't know. 

<Q - James Macdonald>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Mark Marcon. Your line is open, and please state your company 
name. 

<Q - Mark Marcon>: R.W. Baird. Good morning. I was wondering, with regards to the potential price increase, how 
are you thinking about that in terms of magnitude? ADP yesterday basically said, "We'll probably not do our usual 
price increase, just given the current environment." In prior discussions with you, it sounded like if we're going to do it, 
we're going to go all the way. Are you – how are you thinking about that now? 

<A - John Morphy>: Mark, I think the one thing when you ask that question is we've got a competitor doing what he's 
doing. And I don't think we're going to answer that question, because we know what we're going to do, or pretty close 
to it, and we'll do it, and it will go in the marketplace. But they're competitive, and they've been known to take 
advantage of what we say. So I think we'd rather leave this where it is. 

<Q - Mark Marcon>: Okay. And – certainly understandable. And then with regards to sales force productivity, can 
you talk about that a little bit, and how that may impact your plans in terms of how you think about increasing or 
changing the overall number of salespeople? And should we continue to expect strong growth in terms of the health 
insurance initiative? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: You should definitely expect that we're going to continue to invest in health insurance. It's 
going very well. It's very early in its life, and we have very high expectations for it. So that would be a reasonable 
assumption for you to make. On the other sales forces, I mean in general, as I said earlier, we're just now entering in the 
detailed part of our budgeting process, so we haven't had these debates yet. But in general, you should expect that we 
will move resources to the opportunities that present themselves as being the best opportunities for us to generate 
productivity and growth. 

So for example, you know that MMS is having a great year, and so it'd probably wise to assume that we're going to 
increase salespeople in MMS. In the other sales forces, we have yet to have the debate. So I'm less – I'm more reluctant 
to give you an answer to that, but you do know the history of our company has been one where we increase the total 
number of salespeople every year. We did it this year, we've done it every year that I've been here, and for all the years 
before that. So I mean, it's probably reasonable to assume that we'll make some increases in sales. Will it be at a normal 


rate that you've seen in the past five years in a very robust economy? My guess is no, but as I said, we haven't had a 


debate yet. 
<Q - Mark Marcon>: Okay. But it sounds like in areas like core and places where maybe quota levels aren't being 
reached, just because of the economic environment, maybe no reason to increase those, but in areas where you're seeing 
growth, you would continue to increase. 


<A - Jonathan Judge>: That's a reasonable assumption, but again we haven't had the discussion. Core, as you know, 
was one of the areas, because it's our largest business, that we've always increased salespeople. But we'll see. We 
haven't gone through it yet. 


<Q - Mark Marcon>: Okay. And then with regards to the 37,000 new clients that were signed. Can you talk about that 


relative to the expectations or the quotas for that key quarter? 
<A - John Morphy>: Well, basically we stated that we were about even to last year, and down a little bit. So you can 
assume I had a plan that would have increased, which the world hasn't given us that, but 


<Q - Mark Marcon>: Yeah. 
<A - John Morphy>: The reason we gave the number is not so much to analyze the number. It's the world has this 


feeling right now that everything is on stop. And we added 37,000 new clients. So the world isn't on stop. Now, you got 
clients you're losing, too. But there's this belief that nothing's happening, and that's a lot of clients to sell. 
<Q - Mark Marcon>: Yeah. And it also it sounds like you're saying MMS continues to do very well. So the mix of 


clients is actually probably better, right? 
<A - John Morphy>: The mix is favorable. 
<Q - Mark Marcon>: Can you give us a sense for how big MMS is now? 
<A - John Morphy>: Bigger than 250 million. We haven't disclosed the number in a long time. 
<Q - Mark Marcon>: Yeah, it has been awhile. 
<A - John Morphy>: That'd be a conservative number. 
<Q - Mark Marcon>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
<A - Jonathan Judge>: Sure, Mark. 


Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gary Bisbee. Your line is open, and please state your 
company name. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Hi, Barclays Capital. Just two quick ones. Just so – to get to the 60 million in float and interest 
income, it seems to me that the rates are – what you are saying is the rates are unlikely to drop materially more from 
where they were this quarter. Is that a reasonable assumption? 

<A - John Morphy>: Well, for me they can't drop, because I got a long-term portfolio that's – I know what that's going 
to be. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Yeah. 

<A - John Morphy>: And the short-term rates, I'm getting 5 basis points. So unless I'm going to pay somebody to hold 
the money, they can't get any lower. But I have to be careful. I can't leave the money in a bank. They want me to pay 
them to leave the money in a bank. 


<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Right. Okay. And then just – obviously you've had the issues in the HR Services with the falling 
assets, and those are things that are really outside of your control. But when you think about selling these products, 
have you been able to change the sales pitch for any of them to really focus on cost savings, or are there any of them 
that you think are providing really good cost saving to the customer? Or is it much more about allowing them to have 
better service and offer their employees better service? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Are you talking about all of our products? 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: No – I mean, I understand – the payroll is real clear. I'm wondering more on the HR side. Is there 
anything that is doing really well today because you've been able to really focus the customers in on – upselling 
existing customers – because you have demonstrated cost savings? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: I would say it this way. I would say the majority, if not all, of our customers come to us on the 
payroll product mostly for ease of mind reasons, and lack of desire or skill in doing payroll. I mean, most small 
businesses, the thing they all have in common is they're resource-constrained. And so it's very critical that they keep the 
majority of their resources focused on generating revenue to keep their businesses alive, as opposed to back office 
activities, and particularly difficult ones like payroll and tax compliance and so on. So it starts there. 

In the more sophisticated offerings, where you get into the payroll, there are definitely areas where clients not only are 
getting increased capability, but where they have the potential to get reasonable savings. Like Time and 
Labor-management Online gives a client the ability to look at things like how much overtime they're spending, and are 
there ways to schedule differently to abate those costs, and so on. So – but I would say in general terms, when you look 
across the profile of all of the services that we provide, products and services that we provide, for the most part, what 
the clients are doing is they're trying to figure out a way to keep their business running by outsourcing all of this BPO 
function, if you will, so that they can stay focused on growing their business. 

So it's more in that line than a case where somebody is trying to go to a client and say, if you install this widget or if 
you do this other thing, I can save you 50% over what your spend is today. 

<Q - Gary Bisbee>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Yep. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Sanil Daptardar. Your line is open, and please state your 
company name. 

<Q>: Yeah, Centennial Investments. You talked about operating margin pressure starting from next quarter. Just 
wanted to understand, if the checks per client are stabilizing, could you help me understand where the operating margin 
pressure is going to come from? Is it that year-over-comparison, or it's going to be in absolute terms? 

<A - John Morphy>: It's year-over-year. 

<Q>: Okay. On your investment portfolio, last call I think you had mentioned that most of the investment is in AAA 
securities. Is it possible, that 4 billion portfolio, can you break it down where – what kind of exposures do you have? Is 
it the government securities or the corporate bonds or CMBS, or anything? Is it possible to break it down where the 
exposure is? 

<A - John Morphy>: We believe we have minimal if any exposure, and the best place to look is we filed our 10-Q last 
night, and there is excruciating detail in there, which – I couldn't remember it all. I'd have to read it. So we believe 
we're in good shape. We've not had any issues. And liquidity has not been an issue, and we think we've done an 
excellent job of seeing the dangers coming from auction rates, the insured variable rate demand notes, the variable rate 
demand notes, and we continue to be in that posture. And I think the best place for you to look is the 10-Q with all the 
detail. 


<Q>: Okay. One last question on the pricing side. Of course last night, yesterday, ADP talked about pricing pressures 
in all segments. And you think of probably having a price increase again in the next year, that is, fiscal 2010, at the 
beginning of the year probably in the same range last year that you had. Seems like your business is doing better than 
ADP's; it appears that way. You seem to be confident that you would be able to gain further share in the market that 
you participate, in the low and the mid market. Is that a fair, reasonable assumption to make? Or are you just – believe 
that your plan base is more sticking to your kind of services that you offer? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: All of the above. I mean, we clearly would not be doing something that we felt would put us in 
a lost share position. So we have – our company has been the price leader in these markets for a very long time. So we 

– the value proposition that we put forward, the service that we give to our clients, and in some cases the fact that the 
absolute dollars that we're talking about are relatively small, have all combined to put us in a position where we're 
gaining share and we're doing so with the highest margins in the industry, and in many cases the highest pricing in the 
industry. 
But it's pricing that obviously closes from a value proposition in the client's mind. So we're not going to do anything 
crazy for certain, but we feel, having looked at what's happened last year, and in the prior year and knowing what's 
happened in prior recessionary periods, we feel reasonably comfortable that we're making the proper decisions about 
whether or not we should do this. And then as we said earlier, we haven't decided yet, but we've given you our leaning. 

<Q>: But if, for hypothetically, assume case that if client retention becomes a little bit difficult, then you may rethink 
on your pricing policy in that case? 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: We are able to do that today on a situation-by-situation basis. So – there was a question earlier 
about pricing. When we change our prices – the prices are changed for the products going to a new client as well as 
products for existing clients. The difference is, in a new client, our sales force has the ability to discount to meet 
competition if they have to do that. So they've got that ability. And for our existing clients, if there are any issues with 
our existing clients, we have a very high-touch model. We talk to these clients every week or every other week or twice 
a month depending what the frequency of their payroll is. And if there's ever an issue, our branches are trained to deal 
with that issue, and that's business is usual. There's nothing new there. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Jonathan Judge>: Yep. 

Operator 

Thank you. And I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. 

John M. Morphy, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Okay. Thank you very much. We appreciate the time you spent. I think we have almost 200 people on this call. That 
might be close to an all-time record. And we look forward to talking to you again in June. And in the meantime, I hope 
you all have a great day. 

Operator 

Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


