Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Robin Easton, Treasurer 
• Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• <A > 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning and welcome to PACCAR's second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a listen 
only mode until the question and answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection, they 
should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, 
please go ahead. 

Robin Easton, Treasurer 

Good morning we would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin 
Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 
Mike Tembreull, Vice Chairman, and Michael Barkley, Vice President and Controller. As with prior conference calls, 
if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a listen only mode. Certain 
information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties including general economic 
and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott. 

Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. PACCAR announced solid revenue and profits for the second quarter of 2007. PACCAR's financial 
performance is due to the company's balanced global diversification and continued growth of worldwide aftermarket 
parts and financial service revenues. For the second quarter, revenues were 3.72 billion and net income was 298.3 
million. Compared to revenues of 4.17 billion and net income of 370 million in the second quarter last year. On a per 
share basis, earnings were $1.19. PACCAR's after tax return on revenue during the second quarter was an industry 
leading 8%. For the first 6 months of the year, PACCAR earned an excellent net profit of $663.9 million on revenues of 

7.7 billion. And even more importantly, PACCAR's shareholders have earned a 35% return in 2007 due to stock 
appreciation, dividends, and buybacks. In fact, I'd like to point out that PACCAR increased its regular quarterly 
dividend by 25% in the second quarter and over the last decade, PACCAR has increased the dividend on a per year 
basis by 18%. 
Looking around the world, PACCAR has benefited from its successful global strategy by delivering increased revenues 
and profits from commercial vehicle sales in Europe, our DAF group, Mexico and Australia. The financial services 
business continues to grow as total assets expanded during the quarter to 10.3 billion and pre-tax profits for financial 
services were a record 68.9 million, a 15% increase over 2006. Growth in revenue and profits in PACCAR's 
aftermarket parts business accelerated at a healthy double digit rate. 

The outstanding performance of these businesses has acted as a counter cyclical balance to the company's truck 
manufacturing business in the US and Canada which had been impacted by the industry pre-buy last year. As part of 
our global growth strategy, PACCAR recently announced the purchase of Truck Center Hauser, Germany's leading 


truck rental and leasing company and this is really an important step in the expansion of PacLease into Europe, which 
in time could be larger than the North American PacLease business. Over the past ten years PACCAR has invested 
over $2.8 billion in products, infrastructure, and technology to develop and produce the industry's highest qualities 
products and services. As part of this ongoing investment program, PACCAR announced plans to build a $400 million 
state of the art engine manufacturing and assembly facility in Columbus, Mississippi. The ground breaking ceremony at 
the site occurred last week, and construction is under way. The facility is planned to be opened in 2009 and will be 
producing our PACCAR 9.2 liter and 12.9 liter diesel engines. These will be offered to our customers to complement 
engines available from our current supplier partners. I would just add that it was a wonderful ground breaking 
ceremony and really nice to be in a state with such a pro-business atmosphere. 

Additionally, in the second quarter Kenworth completed a 20% capacity expansion of its Chillicothe, Ohio plant. This 
major capital investment will ensure that Kenworth is well placed to meet future increased demand levels and maintain 
its excellent performance of 5 to 7% annual productivity improvements. 

Switching gears, it's fairly heartwarming to realize that PACCAR is becoming recognized as an international 
environmental leader. In June, the environmental protection agency, the EPA, recognized PACCAR's commitment to 
producing industry leading aerodynamic and fuel efficient vehicles by awarding Kenworth's T660 and the T2000 and 
Peterbilt's 386 and 387 models with the SmartWay designation. SmartWay compliant vehicles offer customers a 10 to 
20% fuel savings while also lowering greenhouse gas emissions by reducing NOX and particulate matter. Continuing 
in the same vein of being an environmental leader, I'd also like to report that the Kenworth Clean Power and Peterbilt 
Comfort Class vehicles are now available in North America. These factory installed climate control systems provide 
heating and cooling plus a 110 volt hotel load power for up to 10 hours without the need to idle the engine, thereby 
reducing emissions and improving fuel economy up to 8%. A real win-win for our customers and the environment. 

PACCAR is increasing its capital investment to record levels in 2007. The company's efficient operating businesses 
produced excellent cash flow allowing for investments in product, technology, and facilities during all phases of the 
business cycle. In addition to completing the Chillicothe plant expansion and commencing the new engine facility, a 
number of other important capital projects are progressing well. We began construction of PACCAR's thirteenth global 
parts distribution center in Budapest Hungary, and this facility will support DAF's ongoing expansion into the fast 
growing central and eastern European markets. 

During the fourth quarter this year, DAF will open a $60 million 76,000 square foot world class engine test facility in 
Eindhoven, the Netherlands. During the first half of this year, the company repurchased approximately 720,000 of its 
common shares for an investment of a little over $48 million. Over the last 18 months, PACCAR has bought back 6.9 
million shares, split adjusted, for a total investment of over 350 million. Over the same period, PACCAR has paid 
dividends of approximately 1.1 billion for a total return to shareholders over the past 18 months of approximately $1.5 
billion. PACCAR expects that global commercial vehicle markets will continue to grow slightly faster than overall 
GDP, although as we know the US and Canadian markets are experiencing a weaker market due to the effect of the 
pre-buy last year. 

The good news is that PACCAR is the first and currently only OEM to install 100% 2007 engines, and these engines 
are performing better than expected. Our existing and new customers are benefiting from PACCAR's leadership in 
introducing the new emission technology in products such as the Kenworth T 660 and the Peterbilt 386. Looking ahead, 
with a healthy economy, we expect demand in the second half for Class A industry sales in the US and Canada will be 
in 180 to 210,000 range. The European economy seems to be gathering strength and seemed to be in better shape, and 
the heavy duty sector should deliver another outstanding year of between 265 to 280,000 vehicles. PACCAR's other 
key markets including Australia, Mexico, and the export business should experience another year of growth. And 
PACCAR financial services and aftermarket parts divisions are building on an impressive record of revenue and profit 
achievement. Thank you, and with that I look forward to your questions. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Good morning, Mark. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good Morning J.B. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Maybe you could put a little finer point on this auxiliary power unit opportunity in terms of retrofit 
and the sort of margin potential that that might have. Is that something that you consider an aftermarket part, or... 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yes, great question. First of all, we have particular pride in noting that it's not exactly an auxiliary 
power unit, APU, but a completely new patent pending technology that Kenworth and Peterbilt developed. Initially it's 
going to be factory installed, but over time we'll certainly be rolled out into the aftermarket for our customers, but early 
days it's showing a tremendous results obviously if you're someplace warm and used to running your engine at night to 
keep yourself cool, this has been a real advantage because you can literally turn off your engine for the whole night and 
enjoy 70 degree temperature in the cab while maintaining the full power potential you need to run everything, so it's a 
very exciting opportunity and right now the return is for the customer is about a year and a half, so it's a great ROI for 
our customers. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Good and then I noticed that your North American forecast came down a little bit. Is that -- do you 
think that's just a push out into the first quarter in terms of a rebound on the truck sales? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think that of course we typically get asked that question every quarter, as you know. And I 
think our answer is pretty much in line that we're three months more into the year and that much smarter on what the 
year is going to be looking like. I think some of the return to more of a normalized order intake will be predicated on 
the general economy, which seems to be in good shape. I'm talking about the US and Canada. And if we say normalize 
it over a 2 and 3-year timeframe, 2008 could be a pretty good year. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. Thanks for your time, Mark. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you, good questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joel Tiss with Lehman Brothers. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Joel, good morning. 
<Q - Joel Tiss>: Good morning, how are you? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Fine, how you doing? 
<Q - Joel Tiss>: All right. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good. 
<Q - Joel Tiss>: Can you talk a little bit about the receivables up 18%? And is there anything in there that we should 


take note of? 


<A - Mike Tembruell>: The receivables are up based on the higher sales levels. I assume you're comparing to the 
year-end balances? 
<Q - Joel Tiss>: Yes. 
<A - Mike Tembruell>: At year end we have typically holiday shut downs where we aren't producing trucks and our 


receivables dip down. 



<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. So there's nothing to read into there. Can you talk also a little bit about the mix of the engines 
that are in the trucks sold in the first half of the year in the US and Canada between Cummins and Cat? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think as I mentioned, both engine suppliers are having good success in the marketplace. 
I'm old enough to remember and see the swings and roundabouts over the last 40 years in this industry, so I'd say right 
now it's probably returning more to the 60's when Cummins was the leader in terms of our customer demand, and as 
you know, it's completely led by customer demand, so but, overall both Cummins and Cat with slightly different 
approaches to meeting the emission requirements seem to be doing a good job in the marketplace. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: OK, and the last question maybe I'll glue two of them together. Can you talk about the impact of the 
German acquisition on future financial services and also the equipment lease -- the equipment on lease was flat in the 
quarter, and I just wondered if that's going to have an impact on the financial services business growth in the future? 
Thank you. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Two great linked questions taking the European one first. Our intention is certainly to grow 
PacLease in Europe. We've had a number of press releases indicating that-- that we'll be doing it on a sort of 
two-pronged approach. First will be a number of as you might call it bolt-on acquisitions as we target different 
countries and different market places and then of course growing the lease business organically throughout Europe. 
What it does is first of all it sort of gave us an instant footprint in Germany which is the largest truck market in Europe. 
It also allowed us to pick up some excellent managers and lease professionals. We are assembling our own team to 
manage the enterprise and sending some of our top lease people from around the world to Europe for the time being. So 
that's -- I think that's going to be very, very exciting -- just another way to grow the company. Leasing as is commonly 
known in North America is becoming more prevalent in Europe, and certainly PacLease has established itself as one of 
the leaders in North America and will be one of the leaders in Europe. 

<A - Michael Tembruell>: Well the business – Joel, this is Mike Tembruell -- the business continues to grow for 
financial services worldwide including the leasing business, and we expect that to continue. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Bear Stearns. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Peter. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Thanks. It's a tough market to beat numbers in? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: You know we've been around long enough. We think PACCAR is doing a great job at dampening 
the cyclicality, but we appreciate your insightful reporting. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Thanks, Mark. I guess I'm going to have to talk about the gross margins a bit, because they came 
in about 100 basis points lower than what I was expecting, and you could say well that's relative to my model, but when 
I look at the detrimental \\operating margins in 2Q, it was about 26%, which is the worst second quarter for PACCAR 
in my ten year quarterly model which only goes back ten years, so I guess I'd like to get a little more color on what 
happened to the margins in this quarter? Was it particularly disruptive as you moved from '06 to '07 engines, is the 
European mix lower margin with their incentives? What was driving that margin lower -- so much lower this quarter? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, let me take a slightly different tact on a very good question. I think the margins were 
actually pretty good considering the economic cycle, and when we take a look at the let's call it peer year comparison, 
you go back to say 2001, and you can see the gross margins were actually quite a bit higher than they were in a 
similarly lower market in North America. So I think there's been a lot of margin enhancement because of the 
investments and the productivity we're getting in the manufacturing side and better products. Now, that said, yes, there 
has been significant cost on transitioning from '06 to '07 engines. I think that's pretty well known in the industry, and 
it's a very competitive marketplace particularly in the US and Canada, so the overall margins that I think any 
manufacturer is able to attain have been lower. You can't pass through 8 to $10,000 cost increases. It's just a difficult 


thing to do. The third section of the answer, in Europe not only has the productivity gone up, but DAF's production is at 
record levels and the margins are actually continuing to improve. So that's sort of a triple win if you will. So all in all, 
when we look at the total global performance, we're saying that was a pretty darn good job. So I hope that answers your 
question. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Well perhaps two quick follow-ups on that then. You know when you said it's hard to pass 
through 8 to 10% -- 8 to $10,000 price increases. Would you qualify that by saying in this environment or its just its -you 
can't pass through the higher price of the engines period? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, you've been following us for as you say for a decade and never say never. We pride 
ourselves on delivering and exceeding our customer's expectation, but I think it's the combination of a slower and lower 
market in the US and Canada, which I think you even pointed out in one of your reports is now significantly less than 
50% of PACCAR's total business. You know, we have very dedicated people that are working to continue to reduce the 
cost of the product that is now installed in our product -- in our trucks, and so I think we'll see some improvements that 
way. Plus it's not a boom market, so people are scrambling around for the lower orders that are out there, so like any 
business, if you have a cost increase of let's call it 10% and you're going into a lower market, it's -- that's tough to get 
all your cost covered. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: I guess as you think through the rest of this year and I appreciate the fact that you don't give 
guidance, however, if you'd see a firming of the freight environment, do you think your pricing power improves, and 
No. 1, No. 2, we're coming off a low mix right now from North America, the North America mix contributes more. 
Would that be accretive or dilutive to the margins from here? I guess what I'm also really trying to understand is should 
I look at this as kind of the baseline going forward now that we have '07 engines in here or is this a function of, well, 
Europe is a little bit lower margin and when North America catches up that will improve the margins plus our pricing 
power will improve as freight gets better? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, that's a great question. I think freight -- freight is good. Is it at historical highs? Most likely 
no. But is it in one of the top three or four years in history? Definitely. So retail sales by that I mean going to the 
shopping mall, there's a lot of business out there, and things get moved by truck, and trucking still has 80% of moving 
the commodities in most industrialized markets. So, I think, freight is good, and I would almost take freight out as a 
factor. I mean it's --you can't completely, but it's good, so going forward, we have many great customers who are doing 
well. Some are reporting record results. A number still have vehicles that they purchased last year that probably aren't 
being fully utilized. So over the next six months it will probably be similar to what you've seen so far. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Last question and I'll get out of the way. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Great questions. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: The way you define your Class 8 outlook you look just at US and Canada which is in this 
circumstance really where the weakness is concentrated. Most market participants would also include Mexico and 
exports, so I guess if you were to include Mexico and exports into your view, how are you seeing '07 versus '06 on all 
of North America? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, Mexico has real opportunity to be at another record level. Very strong. The investment of 
$75 million we made to produce or to build a brand new Kenworth factory in Mexicali has really paid off. The timing 
has been superb, and the export business of course we're selling into a hundred countries which have a real variance in 
terms of their own economic cycles, but the Mexican market is comparable in size to the Canadian market -- sort of 
year in year out, so it's really the US market that dominates. It's almost ten times the size. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: But I guess under the ACT definition which is more production than sales, they're looking at 225 
to 228,000 builds for all of North America including export in Mexico. Do you guys internally have a number that is 
kind of apples-to-apples to the ACT definition? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yes we do, we just don't typically don't share it, but that's -- we really look at each market 
individually because that's where our plants are located, that's where our sales and engineering efforts are and that's 


where our dealers are located, so I think you're on the right path but we just don't break that number out sort of 
publicly. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: One of these days I'm going to get that secret black book that you guys keep. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: You're doing a good job, keep it up. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Thank you, Mark. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Mark Pigott>: John how are you? 

<Q - Jonathon Steinmetz>: Good morning everyone. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning. 

<Q - Jonathon Steinmetz>: A couple follow-ups from the discussion you just had with Peter. When you think about 
passing through the cost increase as you talked about, throughout the quarter was there any increase in the ability to 
pass it through, or it's just sort of stayed stable, and maybe do you think we're stuck with this for the next six months if 
the freight environment is kind of choppy? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, you guys are really going to get us to try and give some guidance. I love it. I think it looks 
about what you've seen. Obviously we're continuing to be pleased that the economy is good, and but we've been 
through these markets and these cycles for many, many decades, and I think the benefit for PACCAR and shareholders 
and employees and dealers and customers is the strong global diversification and I think as you've rightfully pointed 
out, strength in western Europe, and I think another important area that would merit some review is the growth of 
central and let's call it eastern Europe from a market of say 10,000 units a number of years ago to 50,000 units now and 
100,000 units a few years out is very major development that certainly at DAF and PACCAR are taking advantage of 
as we are market share leaders in a number of countries including Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Poland. Very 
exciting. We'd love to get you guys over to sign this new PDC we're building in Budapest. 

<Q - Jonathon Steinmetz>: Well I would like to get the chance to go see it. It's a perfect segway. I had a question on 
Europe and you mentioned that the margins were higher which I guess we would expect given how robust the volumes 
are. But are there any costs to deal with all the volume that would be constraining the amount of growth you'd see in 
the margins there versus what you might expect given the operating leverage, or are things sort of -- you're able to keep 
up with the volume sort of as planned? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well I think we're keeping up with the volume. I mean DAF and the team there led by Aad 
Goudriaan have done a tremendous job. You have seen a dramatic ramp up of almost doubling production certainly in 
the last 5 or 6 years, and strong backlogs as a number of our competitors have in Europe. There's ongoing turmoil in the 
marketplace as different companies are trying to figure out who owns who, and DAF just keeps moving along with by 
far the best product range, 3 Truck of the Year awards, a dramatic increase in the number of dealers, and as I say, a real 
strong investment western, central and eastern Europe all the way to the Middle East, so right now it's a great position 
and looks like it should continue for a time. 

<Q - Jonathon Steinmetz>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. Good questions. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Justin Ward with Wachovia Capital Markets. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Justin. 

<Q - Justin Ward>: This is Justin in for Andy Casey. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi, Justin. Good to have you here. 

<Q - Justin Ward>: Thank you. I have a question I'd like to ask you about truck market opportunities that you appear 
to be foregoing, specifically the US government MRAP program. Some other manufactures are indicating that this 
program is very lucrative, and considering that, I'd expect PACCAR to be participating especially considering 
PACCAR is the most efficient truck manufacturer in the world. I was hoping you could help us understand in why you 
may not be participating? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Absolutely. Great, great question. You know, we're very proud of our strong heritage supporting 
the Armed Forces throughout the world for many countries that we're involved with, and I always love watching the 
PACCAR history video where we built 1500 Sherman tanks during World War II, and I don't know if you have a copy 
of it, but we're happy to send you a copy of that nice video. In terms of the different truck and truck related let's call it 
transport programs that are currently in the news, we do evaluate them. Of course, over the last 10 and 20 years and 
that's the timeframe you really need to take a look at, the manner of let's call it selection, bidding, evaluation has 
changed dramatically. There's obviously a huge cost burden on any manufacturer, and there's a lot of demo units, quite 
rigorous testing, that is obviously done on your own back in the hopes of eventually being selected, and much of the 
selection process can be -- its not always but can be reduced to a low bid operation. PACCAR as you rightfully say is 
the low cost manufacturer, but we're selling a premium product at a premium price, and we're exceeding our customers' 
expectations, and that's the philosophy that has guided us for 102 years and certainly that will be my one forecast note 
during this commentary. That's going to guide us for the next hundred years, so we just -- the numbers that are 
currently quoted in the press typically involve some 10 and 20-year forecasting, spare parts, repair and refurbishment. 
All that glitters is not gold. Let me just put it that way. 

<Q - Justin Ward>: Okay. Great. Thank you for your time. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. Good question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning Jamie. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Hey,good morning, or good afternoon. .Two questions. One will be on this cycle and one I'm 
going to try to get past 2007 for once. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Sure. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: I guess my first question when you're talking to some of the dealers, you've lowered your forecast 
a couple of times for 2007, and when I talked to some of the truck dealers, their concern is they have no orders in the 
fourth quarter and they're concerned that the down turn could be extended into 2008, so first can you sort of give me 
when you're talking to dealers, how concerned are you that 2008 isn't a great year, it's just sort of an okay year with 
2010 in front of us? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, typically we like to be able to present to our customers the opportunity to receive their 
custom built truck in six to eight weeks. That's during all phases of the cycle. And that's what we want to be able to 
deliver to our customers. So whatever the order situation is in the fourth quarter, I'd say that's pretty normal during any 
parts of the cycle. So I don't -



<Q - Jamie Cook>: But you're not concerned? You're not hearing anything from the field to suggest that the recovery 
could be pushed out maybe until first quarter of 2008 or latter half of first quarter 2008? You're still assuming that we 
have the pickup in the beginning of the year or late 2007? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Of course we have never said anything about any timing on let's call it forecast market, and I think 
we'll continue to maintain that same stance. Recognize that the emission induced impact on the marketplace, that's what 
it is. The economy is still growing 2, maybe a little over 2% GDP. Europe is growing 2, a little over 2% GDP, so all the 
-- let's call it the factors influencing our marketplace and then of course you've got the aftermarket is strong for us, 
financial service is strong, information technology is strong, all those basic macroeconomic factors are still in place and 
still looking positive. So it's not a matter of would timing of when things will change, improve, or evolve. It's just 
working through a current number of wonderful new vehicles that are not being fully utilized, and when they're fully 
utilized, we will see an increase in orders. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Okay. But it doesn't sound like -- I understand you don't want to give a forecast for 2008, but it 
doesn't sound like you're seeing anything at this point for you to be less optimistic? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: If you had asked this question to me at any -- at July, any of the previous 11 years, I would say the 
same thing. I don't know what's going to happen next year, and I don't think anybody really does. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Okay. Well then let's – all right I'll switch gears here and let's sort of get past 2007. I guess as you 
look at PACCAR and you look at their history each cycle, I would say, PACCAR performs at a higher level of 
profitability, you're constantly evolving as a company and probably doing better than any of us ever estimated, so I 
guess as I... 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: As I look at the next down turn, whether over the next three or four years, what are the three or 
four things I can look at that I should measure PACCAR against in terms of positioning yourself for the next down 
turn, whether it's in 2011 or 12 or whenever, whether it's more aggressive in Asia, eastern Europe going into sort of 
adjacent truck markets? What are the key couple things I should be looking out for? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: That's a great question. We'll have to pull out the magic black book that one of your colleagues 
referenced in an earlier question, but we continue as you rightfully so and we appreciate your thoughts on that continue 
to evolve as a company, and so you're going to continue to see growth in the financial services. And that I think we've 
shown that. In fact, I went made sure that I commented on the PacLease growth in Europe. There's a whole world out 
there that is an opportunity for us in financial services. We sell into a hundred countries. We don't have 20 to 25% 
market share in too many of those countries. Why not? Opportunities. With that of course is aftermarket, and the 
information technology, and I think we have been able to rightfully prove and demonstrate and deliver to the market a 
very strong IT platform where we're developing software, hardware packages for our dealers, our customers, our 
suppliers. We're leading in teaching Six Sigma lean management. That's a whole growth area that's very exciting. 
Because we're doing it every day, and we have established PACCAR as a leader in the world in terms of that let's call it 
science. And then we're in very strong position for different acquisition opportunities, and we continue to evaluate 
those and periodically make some, so there's a lot of upside and a lot of exciting things going on in PACCAR. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: But it sort of sounds like a continuation of more of the same? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I can't really comment on that any further, but if we had more of the same, this would be the 
finest company in the world to work at. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Got you. Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in queue. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thanks. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Andrew Obin with Merrill Lynch. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello, Andrew. 
<Q - Andrew Obin>: Yes, good morning. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning. 
<Q - Andrew Obin>: Just a question -- a little bit more color on significant technology partners on new DAF engine 


for North America, if you could share anything about that? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: PACCAR engine you mean? 
<Q - Andrew Obin>: Yes. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: The PACCAR engine? 
<Q - Andrew Obin>: Sorry about that PACCAR, I misspoke. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Our PACCAR engine? 
<Q - Andrew Obin>: PACCAR engine yes 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you, okay so what would you like to know? 
<Q - Andrew Obin>: If you could disclose who significant technology partners are on this endeavor? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: It's our own engine. 
<Q - Andrew Obin>: But who are significant suppliers to you, that's what I meant. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Well we have a number of suppliers, but we design, test, build evaluate and service our own 


engines, so I'm not sure I understand the question. 
<Q - Andrew Obin>: I'll take it off line. Just another question. Could you comment for the use for the extra capacity at 


Chillicothe? Should I assume that it partially will be utilized to serve the export markets or is it all for domestic 
consumption? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: I think that's a great assessment. Certainly Chillicothe well, is well positioned to service any of the 


markets we have in the world, and as we continue to enhance its productivity by 5 to 7% every year, and that also ties 
into the improved margin enhancement we see year on year and the improved productivity, improved profitability, but 
Chillicothe, great facility, great people, and they're building trucks that are going a lot of places in the world. 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: Thank you very much. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. Great questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Brian Rayle with FTN Midwest Research. 

<Q - Brian Rayle>: Good morning. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello, Brian. 

<Q - Brian Rayle>: Question on the European leasing opportunity -- shows a little bit less of a developed market. How 
is the relative profitability between North America and Europe, and then also I know while you haven't set a target for 
when you're expecting to reach the 20% market share with DAF in Europe, but should we consider these basically 
coincidental events, or do you expect leasing to get to the size of North America before the truck builds or after. Just 
kind of how you're thinking about that. 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Well I think in terms of the comparability of margins, I think they're very comparable certainly 
between all of Europe and throughout North America. So they're good margins, and it's a great service that we provide 
to the dealer and then to the customer. DAF will achieve a 20% share. It's certainly a medium term goal that they have 
been very public about, and they have made great strides essentially doubling their market share in the last 10 years, 
and we don't have a specific time that we publicly shared, and we'll continue to set that target and we're confident that 
we'll meet it. 

<Q - Brian Rayle>: Do you think the lease will kind of progress along the same market share lines as the builds, or 
will you grow the lease business faster than that market share or...? I know you won't give a timeline as to when you 
expect to get 20%, but should the two move coincidentally or one lead or lag the other? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, that's a great question. Obviously leasing in Europe, the PacLease in Europe will enhance 
DAF's growth particularly as you work with customers who maybe have a mixed fleet and our intention is to share with 
them the benefits of the best vehicles and services in the world, which are provided by PACCAR and DAF, and as we 
do that and customers see the light, that's going to help DAF towards its goal of 20% in a very expedient fashion. 

<Q - Brian Rayle>: Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thanks. Good question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with JP Morgan. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi, Stephen. 

<Q - Stephen Volkmann>: Hi, how are you? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good thanks. 

<Q - Stephen Volkmann>: So kind of a big picture question, one of the areas in which you have led your industry is 
return on invested capital, but as I listen to you talk today, I'm struck that we're growing things like PacLease, we're 
building an engine plant, we're growing engine -- well, not engine but all parts distribution and building additional 
distribution centers which require some working capital and so forth as well, and it just seems like we're moving into a 
phase where the returns on capital may actually start declining given where we're putting our efforts now, and I guess I 
wonder A, would you disagree with that, and B, is that particularly important to you? Is that one of the metrics that you 
use to manage the company, or is it sort of a buy product of how you do the rest of your business? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I mean, it's obviously a point that is one of many financial metrics that we review. I think I would 
point out that return to shareholders and net income, productivity, engineering excellence are some of the real primary 
metrics that we review, and these investments, and PACCAR has say got a 102-year history of making investments in a 
wide variety of businesses. I think these investments are necessary to drive the growth and to service the customers, 
and I think the impact is going to be very, very positive for PACCAR. 

<Q - Stephen Volkmann>: Okay. Great. Thanks. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Michael Regan with Janus Capital. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello, Michael. 

<Q - Michael Regan>: Hi, Mark, how are you? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Good thanks. Where are you located now? 
<Q - Michael Regan>: Denver. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Oh. Great. 
<Q - Michael Regan>: So if we look at the way you have hopefully reported revenue geographically, European 


revenue up 28%, a little bit more, what would that have been ex-currency? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: On the currency, you mean the Euro impact? 
<Q - Michael Regan>: Yes. 


<A > 
Are you talking about for the quarter? 

<Q - Michael Regan>: For the quarter, European revenue, ex-currency, so like for like. 

<A>: Okay. The impact from currencies in the quarter compared to the prior year quarter was to improve revenues by 
90 million approximately and pre-tax income by about 13 million. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Is that kind of what you're looking for? 

<Q - Michael Regan>: Yes. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Okay, good. 

<Q - Michael Regan>: And then second question, again Mark the disclosure around the parts business on an annual 
basis have been very helpful, and the last two years obviously you have had a lot of success with revenues growing 
worldwide over 15%. I was just wondering through the first half of this year if the parts business has sort of followed 
the overall slowdown in demand for new equipment from your customers, and if the rate of growth through the first 
half of the year is lower than the 15% when we saw last year? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well we don't break it out. I did indicate that it is double digit increase, and so if you look at that 
compared to I guess the US and Canada truck order intake, obviously it's doing much better, and I think it's in line with 
the growth we've experienced over the last decade, and we've got to keep building these distribution centers so that not 
only are we able to handle the increased volume, we have 1.5 million vehicles out running now, and I think that's an 
interesting statistic, 1.5 million PACCAR vehicles are out running, which is an all-time high. And we pride ourselves 
on making sure that we have taken care of our dealers and our customers -- some of our competitors might measure it 
in days. We're measuring our response time in hours, so we need to be able to be close to them for that very fast 
turnaround and wonderful service. So I thought you might be commenting on the good-looking picture we included in 
the press release of our new engine plant. 

<Q - Michael Regan>: It better be good-looking for 400 million, Mark. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we appreciate all your design input and we'll try to incorporate it. 

<Q - Michael Regan>: So again worldwide aftermarket parts revenues growing double digit but not quite at the rate 
for the last 2 years, more in line with longer term growth rate? Does that clarify what you said? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I'm not sure we've said that. I think parts, you're talking about... 

<Q - Michael Regan>: I'm never sure what you say when you answer a question. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think it's looking good. 


<Q - Michael Regan>: Okay. And then again relative to not being sure how you've answered a couple of the questions, 
people have asked a couple times how to think about profitability again be it through the first half of this year or for all 
of 2006. Europe truck manufacturing or Europe truck and parts versus North American truck and parts, is there a 
difference in the margin between the two? If so, which is more profitable? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I don't think we typically break it out into that granular a point, but we're -- every element of our 
business we work very hard and invest to make sure that it has good profitability irregardless of where we are in the 
economic cycle, and I think one of the strengths of PACCAR is the continual and I'd say hourly benchmarking between 
all of our facilities worldwide on a whole host of metrics, so that's the benefit of being a company that is involved in so 
many countries around the world that you're able to continue to grow and dampen some of this cyclicality. 

<Q - Michael Regan>: Thank you. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tom Fogarty with Rockhampton. 

<Q - Thomas Fogarty>: Good morning. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning, Tom. 

<Q - Thomas Fogarty>: Most my questions have been asked, but let me ask you about your priorities for cash and 
where buy backs would line up in the rank. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Absolutely. Buy backs continue to be certainly one of the avenues that we pursue to enhance our 
shareholders' return, and as outlined in the press release, we continue to have an active program authorized by the 
Board of Directors. Combined with the share appreciation and the strong dividend growth, it's been truly a remarkable 
story for our shareholders. Obviously underpinned and driven by the strong growth in net income that PACCAR has 
achieved for 102 years, so that's -- we use cash for that, cash is used for our strong and record level of capital 
investments that we have outlined I think in some detail, cash is also an important factor in the strong double A minus 
credit rating by the rating agencies which according to the latest statistics places PACCAR I think in about the top 30 
companies out of several thousand that are rated certainly in North America which is a tremendous I think achievement 
by the company and certainly benefits us by reducing our cost of borrowing that we do in matched funding for our 
finance company. And it gives us the opportunity to basically have no manufacturing debt as a company we have no 
debt. I know some of the analysts sometimes I don't know it looks like they might include our financial debt as 
company debt, but that's really debt that is matched to an asset in the marketplace. And then it gives us the opportunity 
to go out and take a look at possible M&A activities, so that's really the uses of cash. 

<Q - Thomas Fogarty>: What sorts of M&A things are you thinking about? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: The list is long. 

<Q - Thomas Fogarty>: Thanks very much guys. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Garrett Stevens with Giovine Capital. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good Morning Garrett. 

<Q - Tom Giovine>: It's Tom Giovine. 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi Tom, good to hear from you. 

<Q - Tom Giovine>: I have a couple of quick questions. One is would you just refresh my memory? If the North 
American number comes in at the low end of your forecast of 180, where does that rank in the industry's history? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I don't have it right offhand. It's obviously higher than some years and lower than in other years, 
but just kind of where we are in the cycle. 

<Q - Tom Giovine>: Right, but is it still probably one of the top ten years in the history? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I don't have that information right at hand, but it's certainly accessible on any of the many 
websites that track the industry. 

<Q - Tom Giovine>: Okay. And the other question I had was given today's global economy where I guess in the US -in 
North America maybe you have seen some decrease in manufacturing but maybe an increase in the transportation 
needs given that we ship stuff to the coast and finished goods come back and things need to be redistributed, would you 
say that there has been a secular change in the growth rate of demand for class A trucks either positive or negative? 
And if so, would you think that there's a secular increase of 1% or a secular decrease of 2% given today's global 
economic environment? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well the ATA American Trucking Association and then let's say the association in Europe 
obviously tracks the overall industry benefit to the local and different country economies. Trucking is a very strong 
contributor to the growth of all economies worldwide, and we see that continuing to be enhanced as particularly in 
China, India, are investing strongly in their highway systems which will generate strong demand for trucks and 
trucking continues to be the most efficient way to move a wide range of product in a very time sensitive fashion as well 
as being low cost. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company? 

Robin Easton, Treasurer 

I'd just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions. Nothing further. Thank you, operator. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


