Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Andrew J. Wold, Treasurer 
• Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's Third Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a 
listen-only mode until the question and answer session. Today's call is being recorded, and if anyone has an objection, 
they should disconnect at this time. 

I would now like to introduce Mr. Andy Wold, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Wold, please go ahead, sir. 

Andrew J. Wold, Treasurer 

Thank you; good morning. We would like to welcome listening by phone and those on the webcast. Again, my name is 
Andy Wold, Treasurer of PACCAR, and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer; Ron Armstrong, Vice President and Controller; and [inaudible] Easton Assistant Treasurer. 

As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a 
listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties 
including general economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. 

Now, at this time, I would like to introduce Mark Pigott. 

Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. PACCAR today announced record revenue and profits for the third quarter and the first nine months of 
2006. PACCAR's excellent performance is due to the Company's global operations, award wining products, record 
market share, consistent investment in innovative technologies, manufacturing efficiency improvements of 5 to 7% 
annually, and double-digit growth in the Company's finance and aftermarket product divisions. 

Looking at the third quarter, net income was a record $403 million, a 32% increase over the same period in 2005; 
revenues were a record 4.2 billion, a 19% increase over the third quarter of 2005; and as a measure of PACCAR's 
leadership in asset utilization, the Company's after tax return on equity was a superb 36.5% during the quarter. 

For the first nine months of the year, PACCAR earned a net profit of $1.1 billion on revenues of 12.2 billion. 
Year-to-date, the Company's profits have nearly equaled the record full year results for last year. Third quarter after tax 
return on revenue was a record 9.6%, and we're very pleased that we're now getting into the same range in terms of 
return on revenue after tax as great companies such as ITW, 3M, GE and Microsoft. 

We're also pleased that PACCAR is now one of the 500 largest companies in the world. The consistent and, in fact, 
increasing capital investments made over the last 10 years, totaling about $1.8 billion, have contributed to: faster 
development of products; new technology being introduced, such as industry-leading GPS systems in our vehicles, over 
2000 tablet PCs in our distribution centers, our manufacturing facilities and finance offices; new Logistics Centers, 
which have enabled PACCAR to increase production by almost 20% without a corresponding addition to factory 


inventories. 

The PACCAR proprietary manufacturing system is now integrated in our worldwide plants and is delivering excellent 
efficiency improvements of 5 to 7% per year. In fact, we are taking our manufacturing system to our suppliers, and 
many seem to be interested in purchasing the system. 

As many of you know, PACCAR products have earned a great reputation for superb quality and excellent lifecycle 
efficiency for our customers. Building on that strength, the DAF XF 105 was recently named the International Truck of 
the Year for 2007, and we are proud of DAF being the only OEM to win that award three times in the last ten years. As 
you may have also seen in the press, Kenworth Truck Company was honored with JD Power Satisfaction Awards in 
three different categories – the second year in a row they have done that. In fact, PACCAR has won 21 JD Power 
Awards. 

Some of the recent operating highlights include production commencing at our new 420,000 square foot Kenworth 
factory in Mexico, which will serve the Mexican markets, where we are market share leader, as well as export markets. 
We've begun construction on an increase of 30% to our Kenworth assembly plant in Chillicothe, Ohio. This 100,000 
square foot expansion will be completed by the middle of next year. We are very pleased with an agreement with 
Cummins Engine to provide exclusive supply of the 6 and 8 liter engines for our Peterbilt and Kenworth North 
American conventional medium-duty trucks. That will begin in January 2007; the engines will be badged PACCAR 
and will include proprietary configurations. 

On the part side, PACCAR is in the process of constructing two new parts distribution centers, and these are typically 
in the 250,000 square foot range: one in Oklahoma City, and one in Budapest, Hungary. And we are doing this to 
handle the annual 10 to 15% growth rate that our aftermarket business is achieving. 

Turning to our finance companies, PACCAR Financial Services delivered another record pre-tax earnings of $66.7 
million during the quarter. In the press release, we talked about Asian opportunities, and we have noted in there that we 
have been selling into China since 1908. We are also going to be opening an office in Shanghai, which will 
complement our existing Beijing location. The Shanghai office will accelerate DAF sales of powertrain components 
into China, as well as provide some limited sourcing of parts for our European and North American facilities. 
PACCAR is a leader in China, supplying trucks to the oil field industry. 

During the quarter, PACCAR repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of its common stock, reaching a total of 10 
million shares repurchased since the beginning of 2005. PACCAR's investment of $675 million for the 10 million 
shares, plus the dividends of approximately $1 billion during the same period, have enabled PACCAR to deliver nearly 
$1.7 billion to our shareholders over the last seven quarters. 

Looking at the markets, some of the trends and activity inside the markets, the European 15 ton plus market is doing 
well. As we noted in the press release, we expect '07 to be in the 230 to 260,000 unit range. DAF continues to perform 
very well; it's the fastest growing OEM in Europe, and has increased its share to over 14 to 14.5%, making us either the 
second or third largest in Europe, depending on the month. 

Speaking of Europe, I note in the paper over the last month or two some ongoing discussions between some of our 
competitors. And I just would point out, for those of you who don't track it that closely, that DAF produces more trucks 
than Scania. We are larger than Scania; the EMEA – Scania combination is smaller than PACCAR in terms of trucks 
produced, and their net profit is about comparable to PACCAR. Some people have compared the proposed pending 
acquisition to the challenging DaimlerChrysler merger, and I am sure time will tell. 

Looking at the U.S and Canadian Class 8 market, next year we will probably be in the 200 to 230,000 range, and 
certainly could rebound if the general economy continues its steady growth. 

In a look at the European and North American markets combined, 2007 promises to be one of the top five years in 
recent history and should be reasonable. PACCAR's financial services and aftermarket parts divisions are delivering 
double-digit growth due to superior customer service, ongoing investment and increasing vehicle population. 


Finally, we are very pleased that PACCAR shareholders have earned returns exceeding the S&P 500 for the past 1-, 3-, 
5-, 10- and 20-year time periods. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from the location of Joel Tiss with Lehman. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: I didn't know I moved up to having an actual location now. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Joel, you are doing that well. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: I wonder if you're not – but obviously not as well as PACCAR. Can you give us a sense of what's 
changing in the marketplace recently to make the overall outlook for 2007, both between yourselves and Volvo, look 
better today than where you were a couple of months back? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I can't comment on what they are saying, obviously, but I think we actually have pretty 
similar outlook to what we've had throughout the year. We certainly look at the market on much more of a global 
perspective than, sometimes, people that are covering only one sector, or one geographic segment. So Europe is going 
to be very good, and North America, although down, is still going to be reasonable. So when you put those together, 
and obviously we do when we run our total business, the growth of medium-duty, the growth of finance, the growth of 
leasing, growth of aftermarket parts, the growth of IT – in balance, should be a pretty good year. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. And can you talk a little about the – 2006, the estimated growth rate in the earning assets in 
place for the financial division, so we can try to formulate a reasonable expectation for '07? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Well, Joel, this is Andy. As you know, typically we'll finance between 25 and 30% of all of 
PACCAR sales in our various finance and leasing subsidiaries around the world. And as we noted in the press release, 
PACCAR Financial Europe is now at $2 billion in assets. We are financing in 16 countries around the world, and it just 
continues to grow. We support PACCAR sales, and earn a competitive return; and so, if you are looking to model, 
hopefully that can help you a bit. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay; and last Question: can you just go a little bit through the outlook for some of the non-North 
American Class 8 end markets for 2007? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, Mexico – having a strong year this year; should be reasonable next year. Australia might 
have a bit of a rebound; they have had very strong growth over the last ten years, a little bit down this year. Of course, 
Asia continues to be strong, in terms of their GDP growth, and main drivers there are China and India, but the other 
ASEAN countries. And, as we develop new models, particularly medium-duty, and exciting new products being 
delivered by all of our divisions, we are looking to continue to grow market share. We are pretty much at record market 
share in almost all of our markets, and very exciting; and strong dealer network, which we continue to work with and 
grow. So, yeah – should be good. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: All right, thank you. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Next we'll take a question from the site of Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi, Jonathan. 

<Q>: Hi guys, this is Ravi in for Jonathan. 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi, how are you? 

<Q>: I am pretty good, thanks. Couple of questions: I think your variable margin in the truck segment was lower in this 
quarter then in previous quarters; anything in particular that caused that to happen? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Well, as you know, PACCAR looks at a number of metrics, including return on assets, return on 
equity, operating margin, SG&A performance, and so you are looking strictly at the gross margin is potentially helpful, 
but if you don't see the entire program, then you don't see the whole story. Gross margins were actually up 
quarter-over-quarter, and the Company's after tax return on revenues, at 9.6, is outstanding, as we have noted before, 
and so it's a terrific business model. 

<Q>: I was actually referring to variable margin, which is the incremental increase in profits. So, did you see any 
particular material headwinds in the quarter or something? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think, like many other companies have noted, over the last several years there's been 
increases in commodity prices, certainly on the oil side – that's come down from -well, our customers are saying from 
$3, now to closer to $2; that's a significant improvement. Steel seems to have plateaued; and perhaps even slightly 
going down in price, but other commodities are still holding at close to record highs. But we are also working with 
many of our suppliers on redesign and more efficient use of those materials, perhaps transferring into different types of 
materials, but I think next year will be a little bit better for many companies because of the slightly improved 
commodity pricing around the world. 

<Q>: Great. The next question is: I think you took down your estimate for the range of sales for North America Class 8 
from what you said previously, to 200 – 230. Any particular reason, anything that you saw there that made you do that? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think we are three months further along then when we last talked. 

<Q>: But nothing tangible that you say, I mean – do you think it will go any further lower, or -


<A - Mark Pigott>: Now, as I say, realistically, we're three months smarter than we were three months ago. 

<Q>: Okay. And finally, do you have an aftermarket number – revenue number for 3Q? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: No, we disclose that just annually. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks so much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much; appreciate it. 

Operator 

Next we will go to Peter Nesvold at Bear Stearns. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good Morning, Peter. 
<Q>: Good Afternoon. It's actually Weymond in for Peter. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Hey, Weymond. 
<Q>: How are you doing? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good, thanks. 
<Q>: I wonder if you guys could actually address the tax rate? It looked, actually, to be low compared to what we've 


seen historically, and I wonder if you could maybe address how we should look at that going forward? 
<A - Andrew Wold>: Well, on the quarter, we had a one-time item related to a reduction in our estimated tax related 
to repatriation, that we provided last year, so with a $10 million reduction in our third quarter taxes, and as we do each 



quarter, we reevaluate our estimated annual effective rate; we now believe that the estimated annual rate for the year 
would be closer to the lower end of our previous range – about 32% for the year, excluding the one-time items. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. And also, I was wondering, inventories, they seem to stick – to tick up sequentially, about 20 
million more in 3Q then we normally would see this time a year. Are those engines, and if not, could we could you 
elaborate on what are you carrying in higher inventories. 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Well we are producing a lot more vehicles than we were a year ago, and that's going to be the 
vast majority of it. 

<Q>: Okay. And also, we were surprised to learn from some industry contacts that Navistar looks like its going to cut 
production in November and December for their new truck; and if we could take that as an assumption, would you 
increase your assembly capacity in North America during 4Q if Cummins could increase its allocation of engines to 
you? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Well I am not sure about the company you just mentioned; I haven't see any financial results for 
close to a year, so I don't know what they are up to. And, I think we are working with all of our suppliers, including our 
engine suppliers, on maximizing the vehicles we can get to our customers every quarter, so – can't really add anything 
to your question there. 

<Q>: Okay. And then, one final question. I was just wondering in the financials, it seems that provision for losses on 
receivables was considerably lower in 2Q. It seem surprising, given that 3Q reports out of [inaudible] have been weaker 
than expected, and it's also a little confusing in the context of you guys lowering the high end of your '07 outlook. I was 
just wondering what gives you the confidence for – in accruing for fewer future losses? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Well, we – the portfolio that we've had for years; we continue to monitor the quality, and it is 
performing excellently, and the amount of provision that we provided reflects the performance up to this point. I think, 
in addition to that, typically we're selling the highest quality premium vehicle in the world, and many of the customers 
that gravitate towards that – and, of course, we're at record market share levels – are financially strong, so we don't 
quite have the cross section of different credit ratings that perhaps other financial institutions might be working with. 
Our customers tend to be very financially strong and very pleased to be working with PACCAR. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. I'll get back in the queue. 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we will go to Andrew Casey with Wachovia Capital Markets. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello, Andrew. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Hi Mark; good morning, everybody. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: A lot of the questions have already been answered, but if I can circle around, I think this may 
have already been asked – the 2007 North American unit sales range kind of narrowed. Was that just better '06 
volumes, or expected – a little bit slower U.S economic growth? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Well, we did answer that, but I think, as we said, we are three months smarter than we were 
three months ago. So, as we move towards the actual '07, we will continue to get a better handle on the general 
economy and impact of '07 emission changes, but I think the point I would make is that we are looking for '07 to be one 
of the top five years in recent history on a global basis, which is the way we are approaching it, and certainly Europe, 
which is very strong 40% of our business worldwide, looks encouraging: brand new models, many awards, improved 
efficiency, great investment; and many other segments of the world are growing – Mexico, Australia, Asia – so, may 


see some slower markets in U.S and Canada, but overall, I think it is going to be one of the five best years for the 
industry. Very exciting. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay, sorry to make you repeat that. 

<A - Andrew Wold>: No that's fine; good question. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Thanks. On the manufacturing cash position and completion of your share repurchase 
authorization: first, congratulations; and second, can you elaborate on what you might be looking at using cash going 
forward, outside of reinvesting in the Company and the dividend policy you follow? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Yeah. I think as we have shared with you and others, we continue to actively look at acquisition 
opportunities. That's – don't have anything in mind right now, but we are working hard on that. Strong dividend policy, 
as you've already noted, and we continue to increase our internal investment, which is really, I think, the major story 
here within PACCAR, in terms of the wonderful efficiency improvements, the improved margins, the return on sales, 
after tax and the technology lead we've taken in the automotive and financial services industries. So those are the three 
areas I think we've been pretty consistent on, and continue to work on that path. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay, and then lastly, just following up on the internal investment, where there any specifics 
new product startups that occurred in the quarter? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, our products: of course, the 105 really went into full production; Kenworth and Peterbilt are 
introducing, on a staggered basis, a number of new products; new powertrain products are now going into full 
production; and, of course, couple that with the brand new factory in Mexico. So it's a pretty broad array of new 
products, services – because we also invest a lot on our services, our financial services, IT, support to move those 
forward, dealers – it's a whole broad array. A lot of new products, facilities and services. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jamie Cook at Credit Suisse. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello, Jamie. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Hi; good afternoon. My first question relates to – PACCAR has always done a phenomenal job in 
pricing their trucks, but when you look at 2007, do you feel comfortable that the price increase you will pass along to 
your customer will cover the full cost of the new truck and the new '07 engine? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, that's certainly our intention; yes. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Yes? Okay. And then my second Question: not to focus too much on your '07 forecast, I guess ... 
what are you hearing, when we look at the results recently from the truck load guys, or the LTL guys, you are seeing 
them reduce – missed their earnings forecasts for 2006; freight isn't as strong as we expected, and we're hearing they're 
cutting their CapEx forecasts for 2007. I guess, when you talk to your customers, where do you hearing anecdotally, is 
this why you are reducing your forecast for '07? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I know everybody wants to look for the hidden reason on the forecasting; we typically don't 
forecast, but I think it's true of ourselves and many other people in a whole host of industries. We are – now we are in 
mid-October, so we have a little better understanding of what's going to happen in '07. Many things can change; usually 
all of it's driven by the general economy and the GDP growth, which I am sure you follow as closely as we do, but – 
still good, but perhaps there's some slowing going in housing and some of the other – retail side. Our customers are a 


very broad mix from the largest fleets to the small owner-operators. 

And, typically, if the market does slow, PACCAR benefits, because people are saying, I am going to spend x amount of 
money, let's spend it on the very best. And we've demonstrated that for – well, 101 years, that we can deliver low cost 
of operation, the highest resale value, and I think two other areas that don't get lot of play but I think it's a wonderful 
story. Our first, the – tremendous aerodynamic efficiency improvements we have delivered with new vehicles, not only 
compared to our previous vehicles, but certainly swamp the competition, and you've got a whole host of those, from 
DAF, Kenworth, Peterbilt, and then the fourth one is related to our leadership globally on Hybrids. And we are very 
excited about that. We are talking about a 30% fuel economy improvement, with vehicles going into initial production 
in '08. 

So, our customers certainly are impacted by the real world of economics, but more and more, as our market shares 
attest, are saying, "Hey, I want to hook up with PACCAR – it's the highest quality, lowest cost, most innovative, most 
aerodynamic", and I think that bodes well for the Company for many, many years. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: All right; thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

David Bleustein with UBS, you have our next question. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello David. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: A question for you – first, a technical one. In the financial services business, on that provision 
would you describe that provision in the quarter, and really, for the year, as a one-time adjustment in the reserves to a 
now more appropriate lower level, or would you call this level of reserving more sustainable? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We follow a very consistent approach over time with respect to provisioning, and the provision is 
affected by two things; the size of the portfolio and our credit loss history. And our credit loss history continues to be 
very good. So, pretty much staying the course and following the same practices we've followed for years. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: What were write-offs in the quarter? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: I don't have that number; really that was a relatively low amount. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay. I'm going to totally switch gears. You touched on the M&A issues; I thank you, and so I 
won't ask any more questions, but the other hot button issue out there are the state of the 2007 engines from Caterpillar 
and Cummins. What have your experiences been in testing those engines; how have your customers responded to them 
to date, and what comments can you make for us? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think the only hot issue as a 10 second quip from a person at one truck show, and maybe 
that's reflective of the journalism of today. I don't think you get – past that, there are any other items. And we continue 
to work with both Cummins and CAT, and, of course, we also are a world leader on engine manufacturing, and have to 
meet the same emission requirements, which we are doing very well. So, as we would say in the U.K., a bit of tempest 
in the tea cup. So I know it's certainly gotten a lot of press; I am not sure why, though. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay. But you really don't have any plans to bring your engine into North America in the near 
term, do you? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Not that I know of. 

<Q - David Bluestein>: Okay, terrific, thanks a bunch. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Next, we'll go take a question from Barry Haimes with Sage Asset Management. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi, Barry. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Hi, how are you all? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good, thank you. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: I had a quick question. I wonder if you could just comment on the pricing environment, kind of 
sequentially, as you've gone have through the last several months, if there's been any changes, and ... one of the earlier 
questions was on the somewhat lower variable margin, and I am just curious if pricing had – was a piece of that? 
Thanks. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think pricing is actually pretty steady. And we have been in this industry, in many of these 
industries, for decades, as many our customers have, so although it gets a lot of press discussion, I think the seasoned 
companies understand and recognize that every three, four, five years, there's going to be some sort of legislative 
change. You adopt for it, you work it through your operating model, and what doesn't change is PACCAR is always the 
premium and others are not, and you make your purchasing decision accordingly. So, I think it's pretty steady in terms 
of the pricing model right now. 

<Q - Barry Haimes>: Great. Thanks very much, I appreciate it. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take a question from Matt Stover at Wellington Management. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello, Matt. 

<Q - Matthew Stover>: Good afternoon; thanks for taking my call. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Definitely. 

<Q - Matthew Stover>: I wanted to talk about global expansion. You've built up a real nice cash pile on the balance 
sheet right now, and you folks have always invested to grow. And one market that you've been under-represented in is 
probably Asia-Pacific. Although the truck market there is not necessarily your type of truck, does it make sense to be 
more aggressive or strategic in your expansion in that part of the world? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think that's a great question. Let me answer it and – your three part question with a three-part 
answer. First of all, within PACCAR, we pretty much view ourselves as one of the leading companies in Asia, to say 
we've been there for almost 100 years; very few companies that have that type of longevity in the Asian market. So we 
understand the Asian market very, very well. We have offices in a number of locations in China and other markets. 

Second, the truck markets are growing. The investment in, particularly, China and India, in their 4 and 8 lane freeway 
systems will soon eclipse North America and Europe – and when I say soon, it'll probably be in the 5 to 7 year time 
period – so they'll have in excess of 50,000 miles of interstate highway. That will continue to stimulate GDP growth, as 
they essentially go through what we went through in the mid-50's in the United States and Canada. And as you see 
more GDP growth, you're going to have higher demand for quality vehicles that are reliable. Currently, in Asia, they 
estimate that the cost of transport in the total cost of manufacturing is about 12 to 15%; it's about 4% or less in Europe 
and North America. So, I think they are going to see more demand for our type of high-quality product. 

Third, we're opening new offices and are selling our components in China, as we have for a number of years: engines 
and axles, and looking at doing a little bit more sourcing. And finally, you'd be hard pressed to find many companies in 


the capital goods – automotive sector that are making money in, particularly, China, where they are making, I call it, 
finished product, versus a part or a component. So, I think we are in excellent shape: great opportunities, I think we are 
represented well for where we are now, and certainly we look to increase our representation. 

<Q - Matthew Stover>: Are you at the point where it make sense to start to think about capitalizing capacity in Asia 
outside of Australia? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Does that mean building a factory? 
<Q - Matthew Stover>: You can describe that however you want it to be. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: I don't know what it means; I mean, we continue to invest in all parts of the world, including Asia. 


<Q - Matthew Stover>: I guess, invest in capacity? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we are investing a terrific amount in capacity in Europe and North America, and at this 
time, we are certainly evaluating opportunities in Asia, is what I would say. 


<Q - Matthew Stover>: Thank you. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And now, we'll take a follow-up from Peter Nesvold at Bear Stearns. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi, Peter. 

<Q>: Hi, gentlemen, it's Weymond again. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi Weymond. 

<Q>: Just one quick follow-up question on Western Europe; kind of a follow-up to some questions that have been 
asked. It just seems that your industry range on a percentage basis was kind of wide: 0 to 12%. I just wonder if you 
could elaborate, if there was any reason for it being that wide. And then also, if you could just outline, were there any 
macro assumptions discounted into the two extremes; like is it GDP-dependent, or something else? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: You are talking about 230 – 260,000 units? 

<Q>: Right, sir. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think that's a pretty normal range, to be sitting in October – we are not even in the year yet. So, I 
think that's pretty normal; in fact, typically, we'd probably be wider. 

<Q>: Can you just elaborate, what are your macro assumptions, or are there any, in your guidance for '07, or forecast 
for '07? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we see some improvement in GDP in number of the major Western European countries. Of 
course, what we're – driving us is the best products in the industry. We are the fastest growing OEM in Europe; 
[inaudible] second, sometimes third in Europe; the most profitable. And we are looking to continue to grow our market 
share. We have a medium-term goal of 20% share; we're between 14 and 15%, so we are investing accordingly. 
Increasing the number of our dealerships around Western Europe, and, of course, we are now going to be building a 
major facility in Budapest, Hungary to service the growing central European market, which we we're market share 
leaders in some of the countries there. So, I think its looks very bright for PACCAR and DAF, and growing the DAF 
PACCAR Financial, PACCAR Parts, and we still don't even have our leasing company in Europe. 

<Q>: Very true. Well, thanks again for your time, gentlemen. 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much; I appreciate it. 

Operator 

And at this time, there are no other questions in the queue. Are there any additional remarks from the Company? 

Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

No, thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the PACCAR Earnings Conference and question and answer session. Thank 
you for participating, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


