Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robin Easton, Treasurer 
• Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jonathan Steinmetz 
• Peter Nesvold 
• Andrew Casey 
• David Bleustein 
• J. B. Groh 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's First Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines will be in a 
listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection 
they should disconnect at this time. I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, 
please go ahead. 

Robin Easton, Treasurer 

Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin 
Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; 
Mike Tembreull, Vice Chairman; and Michael Barkley, Vice President and Controller. 

As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a 
listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, 
including general, economic, and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce 
Mark Pigott. 

Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. PACCAR today announced excellent revenue and record first quarter profits. PACCAR's superb 
financial performance is due to the company's balanced global diversification and continued growth of worldwide 
aftermarket parts and financial service revenues. 

In addition, the company today announced a 25% increase in its regular quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share up from 
$0.20 per share. The company has paid a quarterly dividend every year since 1941 and has increased its regular 
dividend 18% per year over the last decade. PACCAR's focus is steady, long-term growth. 

For the first quarter, net income was $365 million compared to 342 million in the first quarter last year, on revenues of 

3.98 billion. PACCAR's after-tax return on revenue during the first quarter was an industry-leading 9.2%. All segments 

of the business performed well. The financial services business continues to grow as total assets expanded during the 
quarter to $10 billion. Pre-tax profits for the financial services were 65.6 million for the quarter, a 20% increase over 
2006. 

Growth in revenue and profits in PACCAR's aftermarket parts business accelerated at a healthy double-digit growth 
rate. DAF continues to establish new records in production and financial results. Peterbilt and Kenworth had strong 
first quarters. As we all know, the US and Canadian truck market is lower, but hopefully should rebound as customers 
absorb 2006 vehicles in their operations. 

In the past 10 years PACCAR has invested over $2.8 billion in products, infrastructure, and technology to develop and 
produce the industry's highest quality products and services. PACCAR Parts recently opened its 12th parts distribution 
center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. 

In January of this year, PACCAR announced plans to build a state-of-the-art engine manufacturing and assembly 
facility in the Southeast United States. The facility is planned to open in 2009 and will produce the 9.2 liter and 12.9 
liter PACCAR diesel engines. These will be offered to our customers to complement engines available from our 
existing suppliers. 

PACCAR will be making record capital investments this year to ensure that we continue to achieve our 5 to 7% yearly 
efficiency gains, develop new products and launch new service initiatives. The company's efficient operating model 
produces excellent cash flow, which allows for investment in products, technology and facilities during all phases of 
the business cycle. 

In addition to beginning construction of the new engine facility, there are plenty of additional investments underway. 
Those include: PACCAR Parts will soon begin construction of its 13th parts distribution center to be located in 
Budapest, Hungary. This facility will support DAF's growth and customers in Central and Eastern Europe. 

Kenworth will soon complete a 30% capacity expansion of its Chillicothe, Ohio plant this summer and DAF Trucks 
will open a $60 million, 76,000 square foot world-class engine test facility in Eindhoven this June. 

Switching gears, just like to update everybody on PACCAR's continued investment and reputation as an environmental 
leader. By investing in returnable containers, installing new logistics software and capital investments in our suppliers, 
PACCAR has eliminated 60% of our factories' packaging material. 

Our facilities in Europe and Canada have earned the highest environmental certification, ISO 14001. We are very proud 
that Peterbilt, Kenworth, DAF vehicles are manufactured from environmentally friendly materials so that 80% of the 
truck by weight is recyclable. And as we have commented before PACCAR will be introducing hybrid trucks for the 
medium-duty market in 2008 that are set to achieve 30% fuel economy improvements, as well as reducing emissions. 

Looking outside the US, growth in Europe continues to be strong. In addition, PACCAR is actively examining growth 
opportunities in Asia. Earlier this month, we opened a new office in Shanghai, China. And this office complements our 
existing office in Beijing. These offices both will focus on sourcing parts for worldwide manufacturing and aftermarket 
sales, as well as selling PACCAR powertrain components to customers in China. 

During the first quarter, we were delighted to be named in the top 10 companies in BusinessWeek's 50 Best Performing 
Companies and additionally Forbes Magazine recognized PACCAR as a global high performer. These awards are 
wonderful achievement and really reflect the passion and dedication of PACCAR's 21,000 employees worldwide. 

During the first quarter, the company repurchased approximately 720,000 of its common shares for an investment of 
$48 million. And over the last 15 months PACCAR has purchased 6.9 million shares when adjusted for a total 
investment of over 350 million. And for our shareholders, over the past 12 months PACCAR has paid dividends of 
$700 million and delivered a 47% return to our shareholders last year. 

Looking ahead, we expect that global commercial vehicle markets will continue to grow slightly faster than GDP. With 
a healthy economy in the US and Canada we certainly hope the demand will improve in the second half for Class 8 
industry sales. The European economy continues to expand and the European truck market should deliver another 


excellent year. 


Our other key markets, Australia, Mexico and export business are strong. And as I've mentioned earlier, financial 
services and aftermarket parts business are achieving solid growth. 
Thank you and with that let's open it up for questions. 


Q&A 
Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley. 
<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, John. 
<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Few questions. Are you able to provide the currency translation benefit on revenue and 


also EBIT? 


<A>: Currency translation compared to last quarter, benefit was 129 million on revenues and net income impact was 
$15 million. 
<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Thank you very much. It looks like you nudged down your North America or US number 


on the Class 8 sales side. What specifically in the market caused you to make that adjustment? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Well I think, as John, as we talked earlier, it's – we are four months into the year and we are just 
getting that much smarter. We'll continue to evaluate it on a month-by-month basis. 
<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Okay. And lastly, it seemed like you're emphasizing actively examining growth 


opportunities in Asia, you talked about this before. Is there any acceleration in your focus here, any desire to do 


anything more quickly than you would have in the past? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we just opened up our office in Shanghai, as I mentioned last week and so, we have a team 
in place there for the long-term and I think, Asia and particularly China continues to make excellent investments in 
their infrastructure; also the same with India. So, continues to have more and more interest to us and be more applicable 
for our high quality products. 

<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Thank you very much. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Bear Stearns. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Peter. 
<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Hey, Mark. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning. 
<Q - Peter Nesvold>: You didn't mention the PE this time? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: The what? 
<Q - Peter Nesvold>: You didn't mention your price-earnings multiple this time? 



<A - Mark Pigott>: Peter, as you have trained us, we are always looking for steady long-term growth. 

<A - Peter Nesvold>: There you go, ok. To your point it does seem like there has been disproportionate growth 
coming out of Mexico and other export markets and I was hoping maybe you could provide some color, what's been 
driving that acceleration over the last five or six months? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yes, Mexico, well, and Australia and Europe are all at very strong levels. In Mexico and Australia 
in particular they are in a situation where they have new emission regulations coming up in the next 12 months, so there 
is certainly an element of people anticipating higher cost engines. The economies are strong in both those markets and 
as we continue to introduce new products across our entire range, I think just the benefits to the customers worldwide, 
and we sell into about 100 countries a year, make the PACCAR product more and more attractive for their use. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. Some emissions changes in those sectors too. Europe, looks like you took your Western 
European outlook to flat year-over-year versus down roughly 0 to 7% last time. I guess when I listen to calls from some 
of your competitors, I mean you guys out there are looking for mid to high single digit growth in Europe, so I guess I 
am just trying to understand why just flat, given what you just said about strength in the European market, with 
Germany in particular? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, last year, as you know, for the industry in Europe, it was another record year and DAF did 
an excellent job really in every sector and every market they compete in. This year our range is 265 to 280, which 
would be another record for the market place. DAF continues to grow, continues to increase its production rate, so I 
think that is a just a PACCAR conservative approach. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. Can you give us a sense for the magnitude of the parts growth year-over-year in this 
quarter? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We don't typically break that out, as we have indicated in our press release and in other 
discussions. It is approaching $2 billion in total sales and we are looking at low double-digit increases year on year. 
The investment that they are making not only in the new PDCs, distribution centers, but also the technology and the 
way they are able to reach out and really pull the customer and dealers closer, they have done a terrific job, so it's good, 
steady growth worldwide. 

I say one other thing is the population of PACCAR vehicles is at a record high, as you would expect after strong 
growth for 10 years, but also the parts group has done an excellent job of providing what we call all-makes brands to 
retrofit onto our competitors' vehicles. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Question maybe about North America and how this is trending as the quarters progress. I mean 
it looks like you took a meaningful production cut in March, sequentially from February, which is not the seasonal 
norm, but it is understandable we are getting to that period where '06 engines are running out of supply. So, the March 
production rate on a per day basis, how much lower do you think that goes sequentially in the next couple of months or 
so. I'm not asking you for a back half. I'm just trying to understand, coming out of the March data, how should that 
trend sequentially into April, maybe into May, based on your current production plans? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think a couple of things. One, the production materials logistics people within PACCAR 
have really done an admirable job. We are the first OEM to install 100% of the '07 engines so I think that not only 
gives us a productivity improvement but certainly a leg up in dealing with the customers and being able to tell them 
first hand how these engines are performing, and they are performing generally pretty well. But we're also able to 
continue to invest specifically to improve the efficiency of putting the new engines in because it's not just a new engine, 
it's a new front-end, a new radiator, cooling package, new hoods, entirely new front of frame. In terms of build rates, 
certainly the industry and ourselves included have made some adjustments to reflect the lower demand and at this time 
we are hoping that it continues at a steady rate for where we are now. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. So, I guess what I'm looking at maybe for across your 5 to 8 builds, March was down 
about 15% sequentially from February, just under 6,300 or so builds in the month of March – so you generally 
anticipate that it will be flattish there going forward? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think it's going to be in that range. Obviously we'll continue to monitor the market and the 
demand and make any adjustments necessary, but we've got products that continue to win the majority of the J.D. 
Power awards, and of course in Europe we won the Truck of the Year three times in the last 10 years so we've got great 
exciting products. We continue to introduce a lot of new services, the financial group is coming up with some very 
exciting programs, fastest credit turnaround, great parts. So the whole package is very attractive to our dealers and our 
customers. So, as we've indicated in the press release, the adjustments will have a dampening effect until the industry 
absorbs the new vehicles. The good news is GDP in the US and Canada still at 2.5% growth, and Europe growing, 
Mexico growing, Australia growing, Asia growing, so there's a lot of good news out there. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. Thank you for your time. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. Good questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from [inaudible}. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, [inaudible]. 

<Q>: Hi, good morning. It's [inaudible]. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good to have you here. 

<Q>: Good to be here. Just wanted to follow up. It seems like clearly the market – at least if you look today – is 
starting to give you guys more credit on the diversification you are having on the international side. When you talk 
about strategic planning and you're talking about long-term market share in Europe of about 20% – I mean when you're 
talking about strategic planning what is the timing on that? Is that 2012, five years down the road? Is that 2015? I mean 
how do you guys think in terms of incrementals? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Now that's a great question. I think it's a complicated answer. We think strategically tomorrow, 
next week, next month, next year and then 3, 5, 10 and 20 years out. That's one of the advantages of being a 
102-year-old company. We have imbued in our DNA the long-term view. So, if you're talking specifically about the 
20% share – is that what your question really is about? 

<Q>: Yes. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think you take a look at the tremendous growth and investment and I think that's a very 
important element of the growth at DAF, its entirely new product line, its brand-new factories, brand-new services, 
brand-new IT, many new dealers and the DAF team led by Aad Goudriaan have done a tremendous job. Ten years ago 
they were roughly at 8%, now they are 14 to 15%, so I think use that as a bit of a guideline. 

<Q>: Okay. And then my follow-up is in terms of the North American market, obviously you brought down your 
forecast slightly but if you are looking out and what you are hearing from your customers, is there any reason to believe 
that besides for what you've emphasized in the past about having great products, is there any reason to believe that 
you're going to need to at some point provide some sort of incentives for dealers? Or can you comment on potential 
pricing if that's going to remain firm? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we've been through a number of these whether they are legislative-induced slowdowns or 
economic slowdowns. I would just emphasize first of all, as you mentioned we've got great product, best product in the 
industry bar none. Second, GDP growth is very strong: 2.5%. So when there's less demand out there everybody makes 
sure that they are trying to get on every deal, as we do when things are booming. And you always try to make sure you 
provide the best package to your customers that they find attractive. 

Many, many of our customers are having record results. The trucking companies, particularly the truckload groups, are 
having record results. Freight is, if not at an all-time high, it's within a few percent of an all-time high and many 


markets, many segments of the market are strong, housing is down, we know that, we recognize that and car production 
is still strong, retail sales are strong, and many other elements are continuing to be strong. So, if you talk with our 
customers, they love our products, they did purchase additional units last year, which they've got essentially in their 
bank of new product inventory, and as the natural progression of trade-in cycle occurs, they'll use those vehicles that 
are parked and then go out and purchase new ones, so it's a pretty natural process. 

<Q>: Okay great, thanks for your time. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wachovia Securities. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Andy. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Good morning, Mark, how are you? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Fine, thank you. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: First, I guess, on strength in Europe. Are you seeing any change in the appetite for pricing new 
models given what sounds like a growing backlog over there? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think if I understand your question, the DAF product, and I know we've emphasized this 
before, just won the Truck of the Year again, and probably what won't get reported, but it also won the Truck of the 
Year in the UK, it just won the Truck of the Year in Poland, it continues to gain a tremendous, well-deserved 
recognition. They have been able to introduce new products, and new features and benefits in those products, that 
customers recognize will bring value to their operations and as a result they are paying more for the new products. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Have you seen any of your competitors been able to realize any price increases? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I'm not sure what they are doing. I think they are struggling with tired old products, and you see 
their financial results as well as I do, so I'm not sure what they are doing. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay thanks. On the – flipping to North America, on US GDP, there's been some more recent 
negative reads on the potential to be more like 2% instead of 2.5. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: On GDP? 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Yes. Are you hearing anything from your field network, the vast network it is, or customers that 
would cause you concern? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, there are certainly numerous articles in the business periodicals and on the Internet, people 
analyzing the economic foundation of the country, interest rates, what's going to drive demand across a broad spectrum 
of industries, so I've seen those same articles as you have. I think people feel generally good, but they are certainly 
conservative and are looking for telltale signs that maybe there will be a shift, but it could be 2%, could be 2.5. 
Certainly even the economists come up with different numbers on a regular basis, but I think people are positive, but 
conservative. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay, and then one detail and one more broad question. On the detail in financial services, it 
looks like the provision for lost receivables decreased a little bit sequentially, is that from fourth quarter? Is there – and 
what I mean is on a percent of sales – is there any change that's going on or is that just... 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Are you comparing to the fourth quarter of '06 or the first quarter of '06? 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: The fourth quarter of '06. It went from 4.4% of sales down to, if I'm looking at it correctly, 
2.9% in the first quarter of this year. 


<A>: We look at the reserve as a percent of the outstanding, and so the reserve went up as the outstandings went up. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think it makes a very good question. Our total assets for the financial services, as you've seen, 
are now over 10 billion and so we take a very conservative reserve. The business goes up, our reserve goes up. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: And then on a – kind of on a more global basis, and you are a global truck manufacturer among 
other things... 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: You're welcome. There's been a lot of discussion coming out of Europe 

about potential growth aspirations of different manufacturers over there. What do you see as going on? Is that just a 
drive for engine volumes for those manufacturers? Or is it they just want to become more global than they already are? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, certainly, and you've done a terrific job of following our company so you're probably 
familiar with what my answer's going to be, but I'm not sure exactly what the plans are for our competitors, but I think 
people appreciate that they need to achieve a certain volume but also a certain profitability. There is some turmoil in 
Europe as different companies either try to escape the clutches of near bankruptcy, or look to combine businesses to 
achieve sought-after economies of scale, always with PACCAR as sort of the model. 

The way our team looks at it is opportunity, because as companies are, let's say trying to keep their businesses afloat, 
usually they neglect their customers and it provides a terrific opportunity for us in every market to go in and say once 
again we've got the best products, we've got the best services, the best back-up, the best technology, the best 
investment. And as you've seen over the last, well, let's say 102 years, steady growth in market share and profitability. 
So we certainly follow what others are doing or saying they're going to do, because I think it's very important that a lot 
of companies say they're going to do things and they get the momentary headline and then we're not sure what happens 
after that, but a terrific opportunity for PACCAR to continue to get closer to all the customers in every market. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Bleustein with UBS. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: David, good morning. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Good morning and congratulations. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much and how're you doing today? 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Doing fine. Let me ask you a couple. First, can you speak to your changes in price realization 
in Europe? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think we might have just covered that a little bit and we don't break out specific figures, 
but as I say, the new products and services that the DAF team has been able to introduce with the brand new 105, the 
brand new line of PACCAR engines, the updated CF, the updated LF, have allowed them to deliver more to their 
customers and in return the customers have seen the value of a higher transaction cost. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: All right. Second question. Within the US, what percentage of the Class 8 build in the first 
quarter did have the 2006 engines in it? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: For who? 


<Q - David Bleustein>: In the US. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: In the US? 
<Q - David Bleustein>: In the US. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: For the whole industry? 
<Q - David Bleustein>: No, just for you. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think and for the first quarter I think it's fair to say that the majority of the engines would 


have been '06 and now, as we've indicated, we're 100% '07 engines. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: You were still shipping them as late as March? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: It was tailing off pretty quickly. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: Okay. What percentage of your Q2 and Q3 build schedules are already in backlog? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: We typically don't break that out. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: It's not a typical year though. I mean, let me rephrase it. Is a normal percentage of your Q3 


build schedule already in backlog or are there more holes than normal at this point in time? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: It's really pretty much consistent as we've seen over the last 20 years because of some of the 
adjustments we've made in build rate. 
<Q - David Bleustein>: All right. And then the last one, and sort of wide open, but help me to understand a little bit 


better your expansion in Asia. And the question is really, is there a DAF-like company out there that would make sense 
as a part of PACCAR? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: I'm hoping if you find one you'll call us, you have our direct number. 


<Q - David Bleustein>: Those days are over, but understood. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: There is a lot of excellent companies in China, if that's what you're really referring to. At this time, 
they're all owned by the government, either directly or indirectly, I'm not sure how that will evolve over the next 
decade. What we're focused on now is we've got world-class components, an engine family, axle family and let's call it 
systems families that have great appeal to manufacturers in China, and of course we're also, continue to invest in our 
suppliers worldwide, many, many tens of millions of dollars, North America, Europe, Asia, helping them to continue to 
produce the highest quality product and at the lowest cost for themselves and for us. So, we're going to take a look at 
doing that also in China. So, those are really the two areas to focus on. 

<Q - David Bleustein>: Terrific. Thanks a bunch. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from [inaudible]. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, [inaudible]. 
<Q>: Good morning. Could I just ask you all to comment specifically on whether or not you'd be willing to pursue a 


combination with Fiat's truck business? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: With who? I didn't quite hear you. 
<Q>: With Fiat. 



<A - Mark Pigott>: We don't know anything about Fiat but I'm not sure what they're up to. 
<Q>: You haven't heard from them? They have not contacted you? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: I can't comment on that but last we saw they were struggling quite a bit, weren't they? 
<Q>: Yes, but are you open to a combination like that? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: PACCAR has grown tremendously through organic growth and occasionally acquisitions, so that's 


all we can really say. 
<Q>: All right. Thank you. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning, J. B. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: Morning, guys. Could you maybe discuss the implications of general rise in the interest rates on the 
financial services side of the business and how those assets are financed? 

<A>: Well, the financial services – a lot of it depends on the economic activity. The economic activity has been good 
even with interest rates going up. But the portfolio remains very strong. PACCAR does all match funding, we don't 
take any risk on the interest rates. But the portfolio is strong and the value of the PACCAR products keeps residual 
values high, so our loss experience is quite favorable. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: You don't have any carry exposure one way or the other with the match? 

<A>: We don't do any type of – everything is match funded. PACCAR takes no speculative risk. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: And then, Mark, in the past you've mentioned maybe acquisitions that weren't necessarily truck 
manufacturing, maybe something that's more technology-related. Could you maybe give us your updated thoughts there 
and your thinking? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Sure, that's a very good point. As we look back over our 10, now 11-decade history of the 
company, we certainly have had complementary acquisitions and growth into fields evolving from steel to railcars to 
trucks to financial services to information technology. So we are very interested and have demonstrated willingness to 
make acquisitions in companies that are profitable, are at the premium end of their business, involved in some type of 
manufacturing or distribution or financial services, that perhaps have some barriers to entry into their particular 
industry and have a technology component that is not easily duplicated or replicated. So I think that's a sort of a general 
overlay on the strategic thinking. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: And have you seen things come across your desk there, or is it few and far between? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We are always open for good ideas. 

<Q - J. B. Groh>: Thanks for your time. Congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Bear Stearns. 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Peter. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Hey, Mark, I guess I'd like to take one more last crack at the consolidation question, because you 
look back over the last couple of years and Volvo bought Renault, Mack, Nissan Diesel, and reportedly they're 
knocking on Dong Feng's door. You have MAN's bids for Scania to scale up to the size of Volvo and Daimler, and then 
you have Iveco looking at the new US market and there is another independent there, which isn't arguably as fully 
valued as your stock. If you have four OEMs then, global OEMs, do you lose any sleep thinking that you could be at 
risk in losing out scale-wise? And maybe you can't keep up with the price competitiveness of four global OEMs versus 
only two today? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: No. Short answer. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Why wouldn't that be the case? If you have four much significantly larger competitors at that 
point? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I'm not sure they are. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Well I mean, if the consolidation math plays out as some of the bids have unfolded. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Let's look at them. First of all, Scania/MAN combined is smaller than PACCAR. Smaller in 
profits, smaller in number of units. We hold the premium position in the world, you can ask our competitors, they'll tell 
you that PACCAR products are the best, 80% of the customers in every market we compete say our products are the 
best. And so the volume differences are pretty inconsequential, and a number of our competitors have taken the 
approach that they would like to occupy the, as we like to say, cheap and cheerful and some customers are interested in 
that, but we find more and more customers who are interested in long-term value, reliability, and contribution to their 
operating performance. So the ongoing discussions that you read about, some will happen. But we are 102 years old 
and we are long-term focused, and a lot of it gets a lot of play within the financial press because that's kind of what 
people read about. But let's see in the next 5 to ten years what actually happens. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay, fair answer. Thank you, Mark. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good question. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from [inaudible]. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning, [inaudible]. 

<Q>: Good morning. Very nice performance, I have two questions. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

<Q>: Why do you think that Europe remains so much stronger than North America given that they passed through the 
same emission regulatory changes last year? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: That's a great question and very simply, Western Europe, not the UK, but Western Europe 
governments independently, perhaps working together if you will, saw that this may be an issue so they were able to 
provide incentives to fleets that reduce some of the cost impact of switching to the new emission technology. And as a 
result, if you are a company in the transport business, you saw that there was a financial advantage to buying the new 
technology because it's good for the environment and hopefully in DAF's case, it's even good for your operating 
performance because of some improvement it made to the fuel economy. So they are able to smooth out that transition, 
whereas in the US and Canada, there were no incentives and it was just the capitalistic markets at work. 

<Q>: Got you. And then my second question is that in your forecast of retail sales for Class 8 North America of 190 to 
220, given the amount of inventory that still seems to be out there and was out there in Q1, looking at Russia's results, 


what do you think the build rate will be in North America versus the retail forecast? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, let me just comment on the inventory. Certainly, there are literally several thousand dealers 
representing our industry, so I think that's very important that you have a macro view, I think that's a sort of an 
important item. But second, the inventory in the field is essentially the same as it was a year ago. And, certainly, the 
build rates are lower coming out of the factories, but in the inventory we are seeing there's some positive signs across 
the US and Canada, and I think others, are that inventory is going down. Essentially, inventory is almost exactly the 
same as it was a year ago. 

<Q>: So in answering the build rate versus retail sales? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We typically are looking at retail sales and the build rate, as you've seen from announcements by 
PACCAR and others, continues to be adjusted to reflect incoming demand. 

<Q>: Got you. Okay thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good questions. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company? 

Robin Easton, Treasurer 

No, thank you, operator. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


