Company Name: Paccar 
Company Ticker: PCAR US 
Date: 2007-01-30 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, and welcome to PACCAR's fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a 
listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Mr. 
Andy Wold, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Wold, please go ahead. 

Andrew J. Wold, Treasurer 

Thank you. Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. Again, my 
name is Andy Wold, Treasurer of PACCAR. And joining me this morning are, Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer; Mike Tembreull, Vice Chairman; Michael Barkley, Vice President and Controller; and Robin 
Easton, Assistant Treasurer. 

As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating, we request that they participate in a 
listen-only mode. Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties, 
including general, economic, and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. I would now like to introduce 
Mark Pigott. 

Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. PACCAR today announced record revenue and profits for both fourth quarter and full-year 2006. 
PACCAR's excellent performance is due to the company's award-winning products, innovative technologies, balanced 
global diversification, record market share, and double-digit growth in the company's finance and after-market parts 
divisions. 

For the quarter, net income was $380.5 million, a 22% increase, compared to 312.9 last year. On a per share basis, 
earnings surged 25% to $1.52 compared to $1.22 last year, on a 16% increase in revenues of $4.2 billion for the 
quarter. For the full year, revenues were $16.5 billion and net income was $1.49 billion, both records for the company. 
PACCAR's after-tax return on revenue during 2006 was an industry-leading 9.1%. Taking a little longer perspective, in 
the past ten years, PACCAR has produced compound annual growth in revenues of 13.6% and income growth of 
22.2%. In 2006, PACCAR produced a record 166,800 vehicles worldwide, and I'm very pleased that DAF, Kenworth, 
and Peterbilt brands achieved record market share levels. In Europe, DAF captured a record 14.5% of the heavy-duty 
market, up from approximately 8.5% in 1996 when PACCAR acquired DAF. DAF's goal for market share is at least 
20%. 

In North America, Kenworth and Peterbilt increased their year-on-year combined market share to a record 25.3%. Over 
the past ten years, PACCAR's invested over $2.8 billion in products, infrastructure, and technology, to develop and 
produce the industry's highest quality products. Examples of major facility projects over this period include new 
manufacturing sites in Canada, Mexico, Holland, and the U.K.; new engine test facilities in Mount Vernon, 
Washington; a new DAF engine plant in Eindhoven, and new parts distribution centers in the United States, Mexico, 
and England. PACCAR continues to enhance its reputation for the industry's highest quality products. During 2006, the 
DAF XF 105 was named the international truck of the year, the third time in the last ten years that DAF's premium 
products have earned the award, and I'm very proud to note the only OEM to achieve that distinction. 

For the second year in a row, Kenworth Truck Company earned three J.D. Power awards for customer satisfaction 
among Class 8 truck owners, and Peterbilt Motors ranked highest in customer satisfaction in the medium duty J.D. 


Power study. Just as a aside, PACCAR has now won 20 J.D. Power awards, while our next closest competitor has won 
only four. It's a remarkable record of quality leadership. 

As you're aware, PACCAR has evolved into a globally diverse capital goods and financial services company, 
delivering premium products and services in over 100 countries. Nearly 50% of the company's revenue and profit is 
generated outside of the United States. Some of the highlights last year of our international operations include – the 
PACCAR and Formosa Plastics Group joint venture began assembling DAF trucks in Taiwan. PACCAR recently 
announced that it's expanding its presence in China by opening an office in Shanghai in the next few months, joining 
our Beijing office, which has been open for 15 years. DAF truck sales not only continue to grow in Europe, they're also 
one of the leaders in Central Europe. PACCAR Financial Europe celebrated its 5-year anniversary last year, profitably 
managing assets of 1.7 billion euro and is expanding into Hungary and the Czech Republic. 

In addition to our international business, I'm pleased to say that PACLease earned its 13th consecutive record profit 
year. 

Worldwide economies continued to grow, particularly in Asia, but on a stronger note in Europe, and PACCAR has 
benefited from those economic growths. We continue to look at our financial services and after-market parts business 
for double-digit growth this year. For 2007, the European 15-ton heavy vehicle sector should have another excellent 
year, with a projected range of 250 to 270,000 registrations. In the U.S. and Canada, the market Class 8 will be between 
200 and 230,000 units as customers adjust to the new EPA-compliant engine configurations. Our other key markets 
including Australia, Mexico, and export business should experience favorable operating environments this year. 

As we've indicated over the last few months, PACCAR is increasing its capital investment this year. The company's 
efficient operating model produces excellent cash flow, allowing for investments in product, technology, and facility 
projects. In addition to commencing construction of our new engine plant, other investments will come online, which 
include PACCAR Parts will open its 12th parts distribution center in Oklahoma City in the next few months and later 
this year will begin construction of another PDC in Budapest, Hungary. Kenworth is completing its 30% capacity 
expansion at its Chillicothe, Ohio plant; and during the fourth quarter of 2007, DAF Trucks will open a $60 million, 
76,000 square foot world-class engine test facility in Eindhoven. 

PACCAR is all about its shareholders and return to shareholders. 2006 was another exceptional year for PACCAR 
shareholder performance. Including dividends and share price appreciation, PACCAR's shareholder return was 47.2% 
during 2006 and again exceeded the Standard & Poor's 500 for the past 1, 5, and 10-year time periods. 

In 2006, PACCAR declared a 50% stock dividend, regular dividends paid of $0.77 per share, and a special dividend of 
$2 per share. In total, dividends of $685 million were declared. I know, a number of the analysts covering us track our 
dividend growth and I'm pleased to say that PACCAR dividends have increased more than 600% over the last 10 years. 
Company's dividend yield of 4.3% including both regular and special places it in the top 5% of the S&P 500. During 
2006, the company repurchased a split adjusted 6.2 million of its common shares for an investment of $302 million. 
And in December, PACCAR's Board of Directors approved the repurchase of an additional $300 million of the 
company's stock. 

All in all, a wonderful year, it's a great reflection on our 21,000 employees worldwide, I'm very proud of them, and 
their daily work and innovative direction they take. I would like to open it up to any questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jonathan Steinmetz with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Jonathan. 

<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: A few questions here. First of all, on the capital spending, when we think about the $400 
million on the engine plant, is this incremental to the $300-plus million budget that you talked about in the past, or is 
part of that within that, maybe if you could talk about where we should expect CapEx to be '07, '08, '09? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: It is in addition to the 300 million, you're correct on that, and it will be spread out over the 3-year 
time period. 

<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Okay. And secondly, do you give a number on currency translation impact on revenue and 
EBIT? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We'll give you a general thought on the euro impact. Okay, euro impact for the year was – for the 
quarter was 100 million increase to revenues and 9 million increase to profit. 

<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Okay. And lastly, the provisions look like they ticked up a little bit at the credit company 
from an unusually low level. I'm just curious, are you seeing anything in terms of credit quality, given some of the 
tonnage data out there amongst the customer base, to expect that this would persist at this level, or – how should we 
think about this versus the 6 million in the prior quarter? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: The levels are still at a very low level. One of the good things about our customers buying 
PACCAR products, they tend to be pretty financially astute customers who manage their business. I think we're still 
looking at very low levels. 

<A - Andrew Wold>: Credit quality remains excellent, so – and the reserves tie in with the growth in the portfolio 
also. 

<Q - Jonathan Steinmetz>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Good morning, Mark. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning, Peter. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Congratulations on a great quarter and a great year. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. Appreciate it. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Maybe as a follow-up to Jonathan's question, can you quantify what the delinquencies and 
recoveries look like in fourth quarter versus third quarter, because I noticed a similar trend in the provisions? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: There's really minor changes, really. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: It's pretty small. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. And one other question. I would also like to ask a kind of a strategic line of questions. We 
saw about a $120 million uptick in inventories in fourth quarter. Can you just maybe talk a little bit how much of that 
was finished product versus components? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: None of it was finished products, because as you know, once we build a truck it goes to the dealer 
and it goes to the customer. Most of that would be in components to assist in the transition from '06 to '07 engines. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Hear you loud and clear. On the engine plans, when I look at the announcement to do a 9-liter 
and a 13-liter, of course rounding the displacement sizes, it doesn't strike me as the high volume segment of the market. 
So, I guess, first I wanted to ask you, how did you arrive at the 9 and 13-liter, and I presume you would only be selling 
that in the North Americas, because you have similar capacity already in Europe for DAF? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: That's a great, great question. First of all, the way we came to the 9 and 12.9 are, those are the 
only engines we've got. So, that was a pretty easy focus for us, but let me just kind of expand on that, because we've 
built a new factory about every other year for the last 10 years around the world. So, this is just another one, and 
hopefully in the future, as business grows, we'll take a look at something else. 

But couple reasons, one is DAF is growing as we're very proud of the team there and their target is to get over 20% 
share, they're at 14.5 right now. Central Europe, which is about 50,000 units a year, we have approximately 10% of 
that, a lot of growth there. We're looking at the DAF product to go into many, many countries around the world. So, in 


terms of their capacity, we think it's very likely that this engine plant could help in their engine capacity, in addition to 
the product we'll be selling into our Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks in North America. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: So, you would envision exporting product from this factory into Europe? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yeah. I think it could make a lot of sense. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Why does that make sense from a currency perspective, because why wouldn't you just expand 
the existing footprints you have in Europe? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we did just expand it, and it's not just Europe, it's going to be around the rest of the world. 
Of course the dollar is weak right now, but it's just one of the real possibilities we're looking at with this new factory. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. If I could ask a follow-up question on that. In the wording of the release, it says a 
powertrain manufacturing and assembly facility, and I saw that and I saw a $400 million investment. And granted I was 
thinking 9 and 13 liters just in North America, but I had a hard time justifying back-of-the-envelope a reasonable 
payback period, given the volume expectations. Is it feasible, when you say powertrain, that you might consider 
making transmissions on your own as well? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think, within our company, we probably think of powertrain as engines. Of course, we also make 
axels in Europe, not planning to build any axels in this plant. So, didn't mean to confuse you. The real benefits for us, 
and I think they have been very well explained by certainly a number of our supplier partners, is, one, we do reduce our 
manufacturing and assembly cost significantly; two, we get needed capacity for our DAF business, which is growing 
very strongly; third, provide excellent parts and service business for our dealers; and really fourth, increase our 
PACCAR Parts business. So, you take a look at all that and – this is just another factory we're building. As I say, we 
build one about every other two to three years. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: If I could ask one last question here, and I'll hand it off. Why the timing 2009? Granted, October 
'09 is the European emissions changeover, but we have January 1, 2010 here. So, why not wait six more months and 
launch it after the emission regs have gone into effect? 

<Q - Mark Pigott>: I think you started out the question asking a good one about the payback. We want to get these 
factories up and running so that we can start generating some of that payback. And typically – and you've covered 
PACCAR for a number of years, you know us pretty well, because of our strong financial strength in the company, 
we're able to make these investments in what could be considered a slower market, and thus as the market improves, 
we're ready with new products, new capacity, new technologies. I think this is something that we have been doing for 
101 years, and it really seems to work very well for shareholders or customers in our company. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: It certainly has. But I guess the other question I'm getting at is will the engine you start making 
in mid-'09 be compliant with the U.S. emissions regs, effective January 01, 2010, or – are you going to be hitting the 
emissions deadline early? That's really what I'm getting at here. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think we'll be right in line with every one of the other engine suppliers. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. Thank you. I'll get back in queue. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Appreciate it. Good questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes with J.B. Groh with DA Davidson. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: You bet. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Just a quick one. I think you kind of answered this with Peter's questions, but you sort of stepped up 
the capital spending here, and in the past you've talked about potentially making a sizable acquisition, and certainly the 
balance sheet could support it, but has this decision changed your outlook on the potential acquisition front, are those 
two things mutually exclusive, or are you still thinking that there's potential out there for some other kind of 
transaction? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Good question. No, we've continued to look very strongly at acquisition opportunities around the 
world, and of course we're very committed to an excellent return to the shareholders as we have been for 100 years. 
And I think perhaps overlooked in the discussion about the new engine factory is that the special dividend distributed 
$500 million to our shareholders But acquisitions, very much one of the key strategic initiatives within PACCAR. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: So, that hasn't changed with this, what seems like a pretty significant decision to do the engines 
domestically? 

<A - Andrew Wold>: No. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: No, the engines is just one part of a very multi-layered strategic program throughout PACCAR to 
redo all of our factories, accelerate the development of new products, expand financial services, add capacity on our IT 
side, and grow our parts business. So, it's just another step in PACCAR's growth. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: And do you guys – what was parts as a total for '06? Do you guys give that number out or that's in 
the K or ... 

<A - Mark Pigott>: It's in the press release that it's bumping 2 billion. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Bumping 2 billion, okay. Great. Hey, thanks for your time. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Jamie. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Mark, my first question, just to expand a little bit on Peter's question, just the long term strategy of 
PACCAR. I guess the next question, you're building the 9 and the 13-litre engine at some point. I think the question is, 
the market seems to be going more vertically integrated, and at some point, does it make sense for PACCAR to build 
this 15-litre engine, or could you comment on whether your customers are asking you to do this at some point? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we've got a great relationship with our two supplier partners, Cummins and Caterpillar, and 
they're about 50/50 in our backlog. Customers love it, and our dealers love it. And this will just expand our customers' 
choice in terms of product. In terms of integrated, of course, in Europe we – and pretty much the rest of the world we 
only have our own engines and axels. In North America, I don't – I'm a little bit intrigued by the discussion about this. 
We're really the last one to the dance in terms of the integrated approach. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: But I guess my question is you're integrated on the 9 and the 13. At some point, does it make sense 
to be fully integrated and go to the 15-liter? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I would say, right now, we've got great supplier partners, and I think you're going to see a 
lot of growth in the 13-litre size. That's certainly the prevalent size around the rest of the world. And even though fuel 
is about the same price, say $2.50, as it was a year ago, we've all lived through the spike earlier – last year. And the 
13-litre can deliver very excellent horsepower, great torque ratings, and good fuel efficiency. So, the rest of the world 
has really adopted the 13-litre as the primary larger power plant. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Okay. And then I guess my next question, I have been hearing some conflicting comments about 
how people's order books are looking for 2007. I mean I think if you've heard – some companies are suggesting that the 
order book looks a little better in 2007 than they originally anticipated, but you hear quite a different story when you're 
talking to dealers or when you're talking to the actual customers. So, I guess as you look at the order book so far, can 
you just speak sort of directionally about how things are relative to your expectations? Orders for '07 trucks with '07 
engines, whether you have any? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Yes. Well, the only orders we have coming in now are for '07 engines. We probably will be one of 
the first to convert to 100% '07 engines. I'm not sure what the competitors are doing, but they seem to have a slightly 
different timetable for some reason. So, the general economy in the U.S. and Canada is pretty good. Mexico's strong. 
And we shared the forecast, it's pretty consistent as what we talked about in October, of 200 to 230,000 in terms of 
retail sales. Right now, we're staying with that, maybe in the next few months that might be modified, but seems 
reasonable. We've made the necessary adjustments, but on the other hand, we're increasing our investments to make 
sure that when the market does return, we've got exciting new products and even more efficient factories. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Okay. And then just my last question, I'm also hearing – or I guess when you – are you providing 
incentives to any of your customers, whether to order trucks earlier in the year versus later on in the year? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, the primary incentive that we offer is the best residual value in the world, so that when they 
purchase our products, they're seeing 15 to 25% better residual value after three, four, five years of use, and that's a 
very powerful incentive. So... 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: But no pricing incentives, things of that nature? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: No. We're just out competing as we do every day, and have for decades. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Great. Thank you very much. I'll get back in queue. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I appreciate it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert Toomey with E.K. Riley Advisors. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Bob. 

<Q - Robert Toomey>: Good morning. Congratulations on a great '06. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. We're already focused on '07. 

<Q - Robert Toomey>: Part of my question was already asked by the last person. I just wondered, Mark, if you could 
give us – if you could or if you would give us a little color on how you see the – sort of the quarters playing out in '07, 
and have you adjusted production levels in the first and second quarter – or how have you adjusted production in the 
first and second quarter of '07? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we went public with the announcements in November/December timeframe in terms of the 
adjustments that we were making at our U.S. plants, so that's all public. 

<Q - Robert Toomey>: Okay. 

<A – Mark Pigott: And you may have seen some of that in the local papers. 

<Q - Robert Toomey>: Yes. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: And I think in line with the rest of the industry, for the U.S. and Canada, as the – if the general 
economy continues to be reasonably good, we're hoping that, like we've seen about every three to five years, the 
customer base will begin to absorb the increased cost and recognize that they need new product, that there's freight to 
be moved, and we'll see a gradual increase in the amount of orders in the second half of the year. So, we've seen this in 
about every three to five years, and the industry absorbs it, and passes it along to their end customer, and grows about 
1% faster than GDP. So, we like to say we're in a real exciting growth industry. 

<Q - Robert Toomey>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joel Tiss with Lehman Brothers. 


<Q - Joel Tiss>: Hi, guys, how are you doing? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hi, Joel, good morning. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: We certainly appreciate you guys not stepping on our toes and trying to take our job away and give us 
forward guidance. I mean I think that's very well appreciated. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Joel, as you know, we have been consistent for 101 years. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Well, you can't argue with that. I wonder if you can give us any sense of some of the steps that you've 
taken. And I know you've enumerated some of them in the past, but just a little bit of review on some of the steps 
you've taken to minimize the negative operating leverage or the potential for negative operating leverage in North 
America? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We really look at it on a global basis, obviously. That's how we're reporting revenues and income. 
And you can't really fight against an overriding economic change. Our strategy is very simple, we're going to produce 
the highest quality products in every market in which we participate. The result of that has been very good market share 
growth for decades. We also have a lot of investment in technology, which allows us to be closer to the customer, 
whether it's on the financing side, it's on the lease side, on the parts side, or even selling them IT services to manage 
their logistics or business systems. 

That's a pretty exciting growth area for PACCAR that's developed over the last five years. We've continued to invest in, 
as I say, factories and systems and parts distribution centers because we've been doing this, as I say, for over a century 
and the market might be a little bit slow in one segment of the world, but eventually it recovers, sometimes quite 
quickly and we always want to make sure that we're ready to take advantage of that. So, you make the difficult 
decisions in terms of reducing some head count at some of the factories, but always with the intention that we'll bring 
those excellent employees back and they'll come back to an even more efficient facility next time. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. And you mentioned that Cummins/Cat mix is about 50/50. Didn't that used to be more like 
75/25 Caterpillar? Is there any reason for the change? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I have been around this industry for so long, I remember in the 60s when Cummins was 
almost 100%. So, as we like to say in the U.K., it sort of swings in roundabouts. Both companies are excellent supplier 
partners, and now it's about 50/50. So, it just sort of ebbs and flows over the decade, I find. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. So, there aren't any specific reasons. Any – can you give us any hint on the size of the APU 
market? That seems to be growing very quickly, and a big opportunity. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, the total size is still relatively small. I'm very pleased that Kenworth and Peterbilt are doing 
some pioneering work in terms of what we call a clean power, to be able to run vehicles in the evening, or all night, 
without actually having the engine operating. That will be launched this year, and it's got about a one-and-a-half-year 
payback for our customers because they'll be able to save, well, essentially 10 to 15% of their fuel bill every year by 
not running it at night, yet maintaining electrical, what we call, hotel services in their cab as well as a cooling feature. 

So, that's a new patent-pending technology that you'll see at the Mid-America Show in March that is really receiving a 
strong response by the customer base. Now, the cost of it is a number of thousands of dollars, but as I say, there's a 
great payback in about a-year-and-a-half. So, it's growing. And in that same line, next year, don't have exact timing, but 
in 2008 we'll be launching our hybrid diesel-electric in the medium duty product in selected applications, which we're 
targeting for 30% improvement in fuel economy, so a couple of exciting new technologies that PACCAR has taken a 
lead on. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Andrew Obin with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: Yes, good afternoon. 


<A - Mark Pigott>: And good afternoon, Andrew. 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: Just more questions on the engines. In terms of the applications for the proposed 9-litre engine 
versus the 8-litre by Cummins, on which they have an exclusive with you right now, how much overlap there is? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Overlap? Well, we have a wonderful partnership with Cummins, which is really going from 
strength to strength in terms of them being – supplying a PACCAR-branded engine in the 6 and 8-litre engine size, so 
there's really no overlap. 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: But there was no overlap between Cummins's 8-litre engine and Caterpillar's C9, don't they both 
go into Class 7 trucks or am I wrong on that one? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: As we explained, quite a few – six months ago, this was really a natural evolution, and what we 
have in Europe, we have in rest of the world, and we just extended it to North America. 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: I just want to confirm that the 9-litre engine will also be available for Class 7 applications, that's 
all I'm asking actually. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Our 9-litre? 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: Yes. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: It's going to be available in the product that it will sort of fit into. I mean, it's a couple of years 
down the road, so obviously products and engines continue to evolve. But the 9.2 is a larger engine than the 6 and 
8-litre PACCAR engines. So, it really depends on the application. Is there a fuel economy, the weight sensitivity, just 
the packaging of the engine inside the chassis itself, all criteria that we have to take into consideration. 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: Another question, regarding your future capacity in the new engine plant, in terms of – actually, 
my view is that the $400 million price tag that you're citing seems to be a bit too low for your entry into North 
America. I'm just wondering if there are additional R&D costs that will be associated with building this plant, as well 
as will you need to expand capacity in this plant down the road, sort of in the middle of next decade, if the customer 
acceptance of the PACCAR engine is up to your expectations? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, one of the wonderful things about working at PACCAR and certainly a consistent theme for 
many decades, is the incredible efficiency and productivity growth that we're able to get out of each of these factories. 
And it's really down to the dedication of some very talented teams. As we've indicated, we're achieving 5 to 7% 
productivity growth every year, which has certainly got to be one of the top for any type of manufacturing industry. So, 
when we look at initial footprint, we certainly anticipate that that footprint will continue to become more efficient, and 
over a 10-year time period, that could be 50% more efficient. So, that really does play into how we approach these 
capital investments. Now, hopefully, you're going to ask me a great question about the XF 105 and what a wonderful 
product it is. 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: What I was going to ask you a question, you're probably not going to answer: Would you share 
the unit capacity of the new plant? And I know that PACCAR – I mean, I understand – we've visited your Kenworth 
factory. I mean I understand that you guys do a wonderful job of sort of expanding it over time. But initially – would 
you be willing to share the initial thoughts on capacity for it in terms of units for the engine facility? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We don't really have that broken out. Every one of our factories – I mean, I really appreciate the 
attention paid to this factory, but as I say, we build a new factory about every 2.5, 3 years. So, for us, it's just sort of the 
fourth one we've done in the last 10 years. But the capacity will be sized right to meet the demand. Let me just put it 
that way. 

<Q - Andrew Obin>: Well, let me ask me another question, which I wonder if you will answer that or not. In terms of 
fourth quarter pricing, and – what I'm looking for, did it exceed your expectations that you had earlier in '06? Was it in 
line or was it a bit lighter than you thought? If we went back earlier in the year, if we went back first quarter of '06, did 
the pricing in the last quarter pan out the way you thought it would? Was it a little bit stronger or was it a little bit 
weaker? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think it was pretty much in line with what we anticipated, recognizing that pricing is a very fluid 
element of the business, and it would be – I'd be hard-pressed to think that anybody could predict pricing 12 months 
out. But I would say it's pretty much in line. 


<Q - Andrew Obin>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. Good questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wachovia Securities. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello, Andy. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Hey, Mark. Good morning, everybody. First, just a clarification on '07. Do you – should we 
expect the same tax rate basically as occurred in '06 or should it change as your revenue mix probably shifts away from 
the U.S., at least temporarily? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We would expect the tax rate to be between 31 and 32% for '07. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay, thanks. And then a couple of questions on the engine announcement, if I can, I know 
we're kind of beating it to death here, but when you look at the announcement and look at some of the other 
investments you've made, your North American fixed asset intensity is expected to increase a little bit. Is this totally 
just PACCAR evolutionary growth, or is there any change in how you think about North American end-market 
cyclicality? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think – that's a great question. I think what we have been able to demonstrate through our 
results over the last few decades is I think PACCAR and, say, the teams that are involved in it have really done an 
admirable job of dampening the cyclicality in terms of North America. And then, of course, when we acquired DAF 
and Leyland ten years ago, it's been a quick ten years, some of it is almost counter-cyclical, not completely, but there's 
certainly an element of that. So, as a result, the earnings growth, which we've talked about at 22% per year every year 
for the last ten years, once again you can put that in the very top sphere of any industry, any company, and we'd be 
looking good. So, we've taken what is sort of typically a North American mindset about, well, every three to five years 
there's going to be a down-cycle, then there will be a strong market, and have smoothed it out. And I'm very proud of 
the team for achieving that. 

Obviously, we're starting to dip our toe into Asia, which – those major economies, particularly China, India, growing 
anywhere from 7 to 10% per year could be interesting for us. But expanding financial services, which have pretty much 
a steady stream of profits, the parts business, and the very innovative technology that have been introduced to assist our 
customers and our dealers, and certainly has helped us continue to grow on a double-digit pace. So, a lot of that has 
really smoothed things out on a very positive note I think for our company, our shareholders, and probably for you 
reporting it. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Great. And thank you for that. A question kind of specifically on the 13-litre growth rates, you 
alluded to – you expect that to grow going forward. Can you help us with your experience in North America in the past, 
and then should we expect the 13-litre to basically outpace whatever the North American volume growth is going to be 
going forward? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Okay. I think I understand that question, but why don't you try that one more time. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: With the 13-litre, you talked about the better fuel economy potential. Has your experience been 
that, for instance, versus your total Class 8 North American volume, that 13-litre has outgrown it over a period of time, 
meaning, if your Class 8 volume has grown 10%, 13-litre equipment has grown at 13 or something like that? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think – I can't really comment on that. I understand what you're driving at. I think, obviously, 
different economic factors come into play during the course of any decade. Ten years ago, if you'd talked about fuel 
being at $3 a gallon people probably would have looked a little bit funny at you. Now, people are saying, okay, it's 
$2.50, but maybe it could go lower, but maybe it could go to $5, which is what it is in Europe, and if it does that, that's 
going to bring a new set of economic factors into the purchasing decision. And I think customers will say, fuel as a 
percentage of our operating cost is increasing. I still need to grow the business. Perhaps, I should take a look at a more 
economic power plant to deliver what I need to deliver, and I think that's why you see, really, the rest of the world, the 
largest engines powering vehicles are 13-litre, because they have been operating in an economic environment, which 
more than likely North America will get into over the next decade. So, once again, I think PACCAR is thinking ahead 


strategically, and – for the benefit of our shareholders. 
<Q - Andrew Casey>: Thanks very much. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Good questions. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Fritz von Carp with Sage Asset management. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Fritz, good morning. 
<Q>: Good morning. Thank you. My question's been answered. Thank you very much. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thanks for being here. 


Operator 

Your next question is a follow-up from Peter Nesvold with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Hi, Mark. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Peter, you're going to talk about the 105, aren't you? 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: That's right. I'm going to ask a couple of other ones first. The EPA has been soliciting comments 
from the engine makers whether or not the guidelines they've put out for using SCR in 2010 are commercially practical, 
and I'm curious, given that you will be a North American engine maker starting 2010, what is your position on SCR? I 
don't know if you've seen the specific guidelines, but do you think that's going to be the likely technology that's used in 
2010? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: That's a great question. And certainly, with our decision to produce our own engines, we are 
becoming much more involved with the EPA discussions with the engine manufacturers group, all excellent forums, 
and we've got some of our best and the most talented people involved. I don't really think I can really answer that. 
Obviously, there's two camps out there SCR, EGR. About every year, there seems to be a little bit of a bend in the 
direction, I would say, coming out of the industry and the government. All I would say is that we're comfortable with 
either solution, and we'll be ready. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: And when do you think – the industry, the fleets start getting test trucks ahead of 2010? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I would say, hopefully, sooner than they have on all the other previous changes. And we're 
working hard internally, and obviously with our supplier partners to achieve that, but I don't have a specific date. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. And in the release, you mentioned a 20% market share target for DAF. Do you have a 
North American market share target? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, we're very pleased at 25.3%, and obviously we're working hard to always have profitable 
growth in all of our markets. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: But where do you think North America – where does that balance between a premium product 
and market share break down? The 25, can you get it to 30? Is there room to go above 30? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: The wonderful thing as you read a lot of these industry surveys is we find that about 75% of the 
operators, fleet owners, and people involved in the industry would love to have a PACCAR product. So, maybe that 
should be considered the upper boundary. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: I'd like to have one. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, call us up, but you have to work through an independent dealer. 

<Q - Peter Nesvold>: Okay. I'll follow-up with you off-line, maybe we could talk about the new product. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Your next question is also a follow-up with J.B. Groh with DA Davidson. 


<Q - J.B. Groh>: Hey, how are you doing? Just a follow – kind of a housekeeping question on the SG&A, a little 
sequential bump, safe to assume that's year-end incentive comp type issues? 
<A - Andrew Wold>: It's a couple of factors. One is we have some euro strength – comes into play, and we have some 


growth to support the higher sales levels. 
<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay, so – okay, great. Similar... 
<A - Mark Pigott>: ...people. We've got a lot of projects going on. We've talked about a few of them this morning. 
<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. Thanks. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. Appreciate it. 


Operator 

Your next question is a follow-up from Robert Toomey with E.K. Riley Advisors. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Bob, good to have you back. 
<Q - Robert Toomey>: Good to be back, Mark. Question, you may have mentioned this before, but I missed it. Do 


you give CapEx guidance for '07, or do you do that? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Typically, we don't. I think the only guidance would be in terms of the new factory, which we've 
talked about at length, and we'll be increasing CapEx. Then, last year... 
<A - Andrew Wold>: Last year was 312. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Which was very strong. 
<Q - Robert Toomey>: Okay. And that 400 million on the new factory will be spread out over three years? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: That's correct. 
<Q - Robert Toomey>: Okay. And again, someone asked a question that answered – partly answered my question 


after I queued up again, but – when you look at your long term return on investment, you mentioned earlier, Mark, that 
you're looking at 5 to 10% productivity gains per year, and that that has contributed to the long – at least partly to the 
long-term growth in your margin. And I would suspect, going forward, would you believe that that relationship will 
continue, as long as you continue to improve productivity, you should see improving ROI as well? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, it's 5 to 7%, is what we've achieved over the last decade or so, 5 to 7 And all of our projects 
are very rigorously screened and evaluated, and aside from necessity projects, the ones that are going to have an 
enhancement are looking to make a positive impact on our efficiency and the growth of our company. That's how we 
evaluate capital projects. 

<Q - Robert Toomey>: Okay. And the last question I have, it's again housekeeping. You said that parts surged in '06, 
and I assume that again they achieved in excess of 10% or double-digit growth in '06. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: That is correct. 
<Q - Robert Toomey>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. Appreciate it. Good questions. 


Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company? 


Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

No, thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


