Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Robin Easton, Treasurer 
• Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• J.B. Groh 
• Ronald Armstrong 
• Joel Tiss 
• Ann Duignan 
• Jamie Cook 
• Andrew Casey 
• Henry Kirn 
• Peter Jacobs 
• Michael Barkley 
• Kristine Kubacki 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. Welcome to PACCAR's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines will be in a listen-only 
mode until the question-and-answer session. Today's call is being recorded and if anyone has an objection they should 
disconnect at this time. 

I would now like to introduce Mr. Robin Easton, PACCAR's Treasurer. Mr. Easton, please go ahead. 

Robin Easton, Treasurer 

Good morning. We would like to welcome those listening by phone and those on the webcast. My name is Robin 
Easton, Treasurer of PACCAR and joining me this morning are Mark Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; 
Michael Tembreull, Vice Chairman; Ron Armstrong, Senior Vice President; and Michael Barkley, Vice President and 
Controller. As with prior conference calls, if there are members of the media participating we request that they 
participate in a listen-only mode. 

Certain information presented today will be forward-looking and involve risks and uncertainties including general, 
economic and competitive conditions that may affect expected results. 

I would now like to introduce Mark Pigott. 

Mark C. Pigott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. First of all I'd like to start off by saying I'm very proud of PACCAR's 20,000 employees who have 
delivered excellent financial results. In fact, it's our tenth best quarter in company history. A number of PACCAR 


divisions are performing very well, specifically PACCAR Parts, PacLease, PACCAR Financial Europe and our Winch 
group and DAF. 

The recession in North America and Europe has impacted the truck markets and we are responding accordingly. As in 
previous cycles, the company is rigorously aligning operating costs, expenses and capital budgets with current market 
conditions. 

When we compare the third quarter 2008 to the fourth quarter we expect industry build rate reductions of 20 to 30% in 
Europe, Mexico and Australia. This action coupled with continued softness in the U.S. and Canadian truck market and 
the effect of a strengthening U.S. dollar will have an impact on fourth quarter financial results. I think that's been 
outlined quite clearly in the press release 

PACCAR is in excellent position because of its dedicated employees, the most experienced management team in the 
industry, high quality products, world-class technology, modern factories and the ongoing benefit of capital 
investments in every facet of the business. 

Looking at the third quarter, PACCAR's sales and service revenues were $4 billion. Net income was $299 million, 
which was comparable to a year ago and earnings per share at $0.82 per share is actually a penny better than a year ago. 
For the nine months net sales and service revenues were $12.1 billion with net income of 905 million and earnings per 
share of 2.47. PACCAR's after-tax return on sales was 7.5% for the quarter and its year to date after tax return on 
beginning equity was 24.1% 

Diving a little bit deeper, gross margins are up, operating margins are up, and SG&A is down, all good indicators. 

PACCAR Financial Services revenues of 323 million increased in the third quarter compared to 313 million a year ago. 
Pre-tax income was 45.5 million in the third quarter compared to 73.4 earned a year ago. Most of the lower profit is due 
to provisions for loan losses in the U.S. and Canada. 

Now as we know, loan losses normally increase at this point in the economic cycle, which our industry typically 
experiences every five years. Our finance team is proactively engaged with our dealers and customers to manage 
through the market. PACCAR Financial opened a truck center in South Carolina and it's making an excellent 
contribution to our used truck distribution program. 

PACCAR's strong balance sheet and conservative approach to business has enabled it to navigate the financial 
turbulence caused by the global credit crisis. PACCAR's AA- credit rating promotes good access to the capital markets. 
Like other highly rated U.S. companies PACCAR plans to utilize the Fed's commercial paper funding facility to 
complement our current commercial paper programs. In addition PACCAR is utilizing a portion of its excess 
manufacturing cash to supplement short-term Financial Services funding requirements in our foreign markets. 

Moving to operations. The reduction in many commodity prices, with the exception of steel, should be a benefit to 
PACCAR and other manufacturers in 2009. However, commodity prices still need to decline another 20 to 40% to 
equal the cost levels of 2006. 

There's other good news. The dollar per gallon decline in the price of diesel fuel since July is benefiting our customers, 
as fuel is about 25% of their operating costs. Freight is up in each of the last 10 months year on year in North America. 
In fact, a number of our customers are reporting increased earnings in the third quarter. And finally, there may be some 
small impact from a pre-buy due to 2010 engine emission regulations. 

When you wrap all that up, we estimate that truck orders in the U.S. and Canada could be up next year at 170 to 
210,000 units. If achieved this would be the best year for orders since 2006. I think what we all need to recognize is for 
the trucking industry we've been in a down market since really the middle of 2007. Trucks do wear out and with strong 
freight and about 4% less trucks operating in the U.S. and Canada, our good customers are making money with good 
freight and are looking to purchase next year for the first time in about 3 years. 

Moving on to our capital, we continue to actively review our capital budgets to determine which have the best short, 
medium and long-term benefits. We are maintaining capital investments on important projects that will deliver 


increased profitability and superior customer benefits, such as the construction of our new engine facility in Columbus, 
Mississippi. By the way, for the first time I'd just like to report that field trials of the PACCAR engine in Kenworth and 
Peterbilt fleets are achieving excellent results. 

Looking at other investments, Kenworth and Peterbilt have recently completed investments in their robotic paint booths 
to improve quality and productivity, and our technical center is increasing its testing capability by 30%, which will 
accelerate new product development, once again, benefiting our customers. 

Over the last decade PACCAR has invested $2.6 billion and those investments are delivering excellent financial results. 
As an example Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF now build a truck in half the hours it took to build a truck 10 years ago 
and the quality is 500% better. As someone mentioned to me, what was the quality like 10 years ago? It was excellent. 
Now it's incredibly excellent. We're proud to be the highest quality, most efficient manufacturer. 

Our truck divisions have earned 26 J.D. Power Customer Satisfaction Awards compared to only nine for the next 
competitor. That's a bottom line advantage to our customers. 

In summary, our investments have delivered new products, strengthened our dealer network and made us an industry 
leader in information technology. In taking a little longer historical perspective, PACCAR's outstanding growth after 
the last recession of 2001 and 2002 is an excellent indicator of the benefits of our quality product focus and continuous 
improvement philosophy. PACCAR is working hard to deliver outstanding results in all phases of the market cycle. 

Thank you. I look forward to your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from the line of J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Good morning, Mark. Can you hear me? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yeah, you bet. Good morning. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: How you doing? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Fine. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Hey, just a question on your outlook for U.S., Canada and Europe. Can you maybe discuss the swing 
factors that put you toward in your opinion the top end or the bottom end of those ranges? I'm assuming the factors are 
different for Europe than they would be for U.S. and Canada? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Sure. You bet. U.S. and Canada and of course you have been following the industry and the 
company for a while, I think one point I'd just make is and I mentioned it briefly in the comments is that for the U.S. 
and Canada we've been in, you know, the down part of this cycle for coming up about a year and a half. And every five 
years we go through some sort of cyclical adjustment. So that's why we pointed out some of the reasons that we think 
there could be an improvement next year. 

Obviously the macro economy is probably six to 12 months behind the leading indicator of truck production and 
freight. That's going to have an impact perhaps on a negative viewpoint. On the positive, a lot of our customers have 
not purchased for two to three years. They're still doing 200,000, 250,000 miles a year. They are now getting vehicles 
up to 600,000 to 800,000 miles and frankly that's typically the time when they turn it in to continue to maximize their – 
let's call it or minimize their operating costs. So that would be really the range is how many of the customers will be 
trading in and purchasing new vehicles. 

In Europe, which is probably six to twelve months behind the U.S. in terms of the truck economic cycle, and I guess I 
keep emphasizing that because it's a little bit different than just the general economic cycle. You know, you've got the 


positive impact of Central Europe, which has certainly cooled down, but is still estimated to have GDP growth at 2 to 
4% next year. You compare that to Western Europe of, let's say 0 to 1%. But with about 60,000 60 to 70,000 in Central 
Europe, which we did not have even six or seven years ago, that's going to be a certain buoyant effect. So Western 
Europe will slow down because of the 0 to 1% GDP growth. Some of that will be offset with the newly invigorated 
Central European market. So that's how you get your range. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. And then it looked like obviously the provision for loss in the financial subsidiary popped up 
a little bit there, understandably. You know, if you look at past cycles, I haven't looked back, sort of where does that 
peak out at? Is 10% kind of dire circumstances or can it get worse from here? Where do you see that going? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Let me just start it off and then turn it over to Ron Armstrong. But our losses in terms of dollars 
are really comparable to 2001, 2002. Of course, the good news is our asset base, the portfolio is at least twice as big. So 
on a dollars, it's comparable to the last recession but on a much larger asset base. Ron. 

<A - Ronald Armstrong>: I'd say our loss ratio in the last downturn was, you know, close to 180 basis points. We 
don't expect anywhere near that and roughly half that based on the size of our portfolio. So portfolio performing well as 
Mark mentioned. We are proactively engaged with our dealers and customers helping them work through whatever 
challenges they might encounter. We expect the portfolio to perform well as we go forward. 

<Q - J.B. Groh>: Okay. Thanks for your time. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: You bet. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Joel Tiss with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Morning, how is it going. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Joel, good to have you back. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: I wasn't gone long, only three weeks. I've been looking through the dictionary trying to find what 
"Incredibly excellent" means but I'm still having trouble on that. You will have to explain that to me. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Come on. We'll give you a tour of the truck factory and we'll show you up close and personal. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. Can you talk a little bit about your European forecast? Is that industry or for you specifically? It 
seems a little more negative than what we're hearing from some of the other – MAN and Volvo and some of the other 
guys. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I'd say it is an interpretation of the industry forecast. It's a little harder to get a true industry 
forecast in Europe because you've got so many countries that are trying to compile their own home truck manufacture. 
It's not quite as easy as we do it here with the American Trucking Association thing. So I think it's in the range of what 
our competitors are saying. 

Everybody is being affected by the same macroeconomic slowdown and we try to be conservative, which is the way we 
run the company. So if it's better, well, that's a good thing. Of course, one thing I just touched on is that DAF has done 
a great job of continuously growing market share a few, two to five tenths a year, and we'll be looking to continue to do 
that next year, even with a slower market. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay, and then just a quick follow-up. I know that historically you've tried to help your customers 
transition into higher prices as new emission standards come out. Can you just talk a little bit about what kind of 
discussions you're having with the customers and the dealers and if there's a chance to get a little bit of pricing in 2009, 
or is it just going to be difficult? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think it's a great question. It's certainly one that everyone in the industry is working very 
hard on. It's still a little bit early. I mean, here we are October 2008 and the emissions will go in January 1, 2010. But 
we are talking with some of our leading major customers about it, and I think the realization has sort of dawned on 
most of the customers that every three, four years we're going through an emission change, which typically means 
higher cost and higher price because of the add-on equipment to meet the emission regulations. 

There's always a little bit of a fear, well what will that do to fuel economy and just operating efficiency, and what we've 
found literally over the last 10 or 15 years, and I think we've had four emission changes over the last 15 years, is that 
the fuel economy usually is about the same. The dire forecasts never come true. Yes, there are increased costs, which 
ultimately get passed through to the end customer, but I think people have wised up after 2002, 2004, that there will be 
some pre-buy and yes, there will be some higher prices, but it's a little disruptive to the customer because if you know 
they buy 30% more than they typically buy, then they need to get the drivers, they need to get the service contracts, 
they need to get additional business. And so it's more of a challenge for them. So I think we'll see perhaps some 
pre-buy, but it will be more on the smaller scale. 

<Q - Joel Tiss>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: You bet. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Ann Duignan with J.P. Morgan. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Ann. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: Hi, good morning, everybody. Can we step back and look at Europe again? And could you give 
us your best thoughts on decremental profits? Just given how quickly that market slowed over the last quarter and it is 
slowing as we go forward. Coupled with the fact that in Europe we don't tend to see too much cyclicality, plus or minus 
5% is the way we usually forecast it, but it certainly looks like this downturn could be worse for Europe. Could you just 
talk about how you would expect decremental profits to roll out over the next several quarters? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I'm not sure if I can talk about the profits. We can talk about the market. Of course, you know, 
with such an experienced team we've been around for 30 years, so we've seen the ups and downs of these markets. And 
if you look at Western Europe, let's call it, in the 260, 280 range this year, that's '08, and Central, Eastern Europe 60 to 

80. What of course is different and I mentioned this earlier is that even in the year 2000 Central and Eastern Europe 
really wasn't much of a factor. So you've got that as a positive. 
Western Europe is certainly running into the same economic issues that well, the rest of the world is now, certainly in 
North America, Australia. So we see that there would be more of a slowdown in Western Europe than Central Europe, 
just in terms of truck demand. But the quantity, you're talking about a market that is 4 to almost 5 times larger in 
Western Europe than Central Europe, so it's still going to be a good market. I think if you go back it might be in a 
market size in Western Europe that you are seeing sort of 2003, five years ago, which I was there in 2003 and it was a 
good market. You put the advantage or the benefit of the Central European and it's still a good market, just not a record 
market like we're experiencing this year. But been around a long time; it's hard to have a record year every year. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: But should we also expect though with volume slowing somewhat that you would deliver 
somewhat normal decremental profits of somewhere between 20 and 30% just on lower volume in Western Europe? Or 
is there something fundamentally different? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yeah. You know, probably, yeah. Yeah. I think most of our competitors would probably agree 
with that. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: And then as you expect... 


<A - Mark Pigott>: You know, Europe, that is just Europe. Europe is only a portion of our overall business, as you 
know. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: Right, but you also have the flexibility of taking costs out faster than maybe some of your 
competitors? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: And that's a very good point which really has not been brought up in that I think PACCAR is, you 
know, for 100 years has been a real leader on being able to take cost out throughout the company and of course the 
Kenworth and Peterbilt teams have done that over the last year and a half and the DAF teams, we're all working 
together and have learned from that. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: Okay. And my follow up question is on the Financial Services side. Are you seeing any increases 
in loan losses or delinquencies yet? We were just on the Caterpillar call and they mentioned that they are beginning to 
see delinquencies rise a little in Europe. Are you guys seeing any of that yet and would you expect to see going forward 
just again given how quickly and how aggressively the market has fallen off? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think we have seen a rise, I call it a little bit, but the portfolio Past Dues and losses are still at 
historically low averages and performing well. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: Would you expect Europe delinquencies to go up from here? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I mean, that's tough to tell what – how the things will progress. So our team is proactively engaged 
with our dealers and our customers and working through it. We've seen a little bit of uptick so far, but the guys will 
manage that very prudently. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning, Jamie. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Hi, good morning. My first question, can you guys just talk about the order book in Europe? I 
think on the last conference call you mentioned it was out – or overseas it was out about a year. I was just wondering 
whether you saw any cancellations in that market and I have a follow up question after that. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yes. Looking at Europe the order book has declined and... 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Care to comment how much? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think it's down to probably more historical, normal levels 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Which would be? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I'd say it's probably down, I think we said it was out a year, you know, I think we look at sort of 
backlog in total probably about half a year. But that's – has different frequencies so I think we're looking at 4 to 8 
weeks of build which is typically what we look for around the world and then some people have orders slotted in the 
first and second quarter. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Okay. And then I guess my second question because you did answer Ann's questions on 
decrementals, which, thank you, for Europe. On the flip side of that when we're thinking about North America because 
you are less vertically integrated there should we think about incremental uptick being more in the teens range, and 
then a follow up, I'm surprised on the on your U.S. retail sales forecast how aggressive or positive it is. I guess when do 
you anticipate us starting to see the orders improve at what point in '09? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, if it we're at 150, you know, -ish, this year to even get to 170 probably won't take too much 
in terms of some of these good customers that will need to replenish their stock as their vehicles are achieving good 
mileage. So it'd probably be the second half of the year. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: And then care to answer the question on incrementals in North America? Because the concern is, 
you know, Western Europe being down will have more of a hit to your earnings just because you are more vertically 
integrated there. Or is the gap between North America and Europe narrowed because of any internal things that 
PACCAR is doing? Any way you can provide color would be appreciated. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yeah. I think there will be some impact from the lower build rates in Europe, which will be more 
than any offsetting improvement in North America. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: Is the change; is that a fair way to think about incrementals? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Let me get back to you on that one and make sure we give you a right answer, I'm not sure that we 
can say that right now. 

<Q - Jamie Cook>: All righty. I appreciate it. Thank you. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Andy Casey with Wachovia Securities. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning, Andy. 
<Q - Andrew Casey>: Hey, good morning, Mark, everybody. In North America, you mentioned the field test for the 


new engines for the 2010 engines. Can you comment on incremental fuel economy benefits versus your currently 


installed 13 liter? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I mean, it's I think probably a little too early to issue that specific information. I'd just say 
we've got probably 30 million miles of engine operation and they're performing very well and it's still, you know, over 
a year away before we get our factory up and running, so just it's going well, just wanted to give you a little bit of color 
because we really haven't mentioned it before. 


<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay. And then, thanks for that. On the two different technologies that are still being pursued, 
your side kind of family SCR 
<A - Mark Pigott>: I think that's the whole industry is SCR now. 
<Q - Andrew Casey>: With the exception of one. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I can't comment on that, but let's call it the vast majority are SCR, around the world. 
<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay. I'm just wondering if you would care to give your view on the differences? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Well... 


<Q - Andrew Casey>: From your competitors. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: We are 100% SCR and so is pretty much everybody in Europe and pretty much everybody here 
with maybe one exception. I mean, SCR, if it was a Presidential vote we would call it a landslide. 


<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay. Thank you. And on the – both the North American and Europe markets it's a little bit 
different than the question that Joel asked. Are you see anything short term change in new equipment pricing dynamics 
against the weakening market demand conditions? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I think it's pretty normal in the cycles as you know are every three, four or five years and 
have been going on for the last 100 years and typically when the market slows down manufacturers like to keep their 
production facilities operating at an optimum level and customers are a very smart group. That's why we like working 
with them and they'll try to take advantage of the changing market dynamics. So you know it swings around about so 
yeah, I think you can say that you know everybody in every down cycle will typically see something, some impact on 
the margin side and then the in up cycle you see, you know, the flip side. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay. Is there – on a qualitative basis is there any difference between North America and 
Europe, is it more pervasive in North America at this point than Europe? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: It's like when I talk with our 1800 dealers around the world. Every one is unique and we love 
every one, but there are great – they are very similar around the world. I would say these truck markets follow the same 
dynamics whether it's Asia, North America, Europe, in terms of the customer/dealer manufacturer relationship. They 
are all the same. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay. And then on Europe specifically you're seeing some consolidation of competitors. The 
last time that happened it seemed beneficial for your market share and dealer density increased. How are you looking at 
the longer term potential for PACCAR with the marriage of the two Germans and the one, you know, Scania? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Outstanding. Great news. There's two elements we can talk about. One is the – in Europe with the 
German consolidation, we're already having many dealers contact us about can they represent our product. Typically 
our dealers make quite a bit more margin and have higher profitability. So that's positive and something that wasn't 
brought up, but we can just mention it briefly is of course the announcement that Sterling is exiting the market, and 
we've – phones have been ringing off the hook with their dealers saying, I'd like to work with a company that allows a 
dealer to make a good margin. We'll see how that plays out. So lots of opportunities as a result of that. 

<Q - Andrew Casey>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn with UBS. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Hi, guys. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning, Henry. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Wondering if you can talk a little bit about the funding strategy for Financial Services and how 
you match maturities of the liabilities with the asset profile and maybe a little bit how much duration risk is there if the 
credit markets were to shut down here for some period of time? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Okay. Well, we're you know very fortunate that we have a very strong balance sheet. We have an 
excellent AA- rating that allows PACCAR to continue to support the sale of new and used PACCAR products. We 
have followed an approach of funding our portfolio with a mix of medium term notes and commercial paper. We've 
issued medium term notes in the U.S. and Europe in the second quarter, Mexico in the third quarter, and we just 
completed a medium term funding in Australia earlier this month. Commercial paper markets continue to provide good 
liquidity, you know mostly in the U.S. and around the world. 

And so we're 100% matched funded. We match the interest rate characteristics of our debt with the interest rate 
characteristics of our portfolio to not expose us to interest rate risk in our P&L. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yep, been doing it for, you know, 30 years, I guess, and it's definitely a unique market, as you've 
heard from about every other company. But got a great team and in good position. 


<Q - Henry Kirn>: Okay. And the residual value guarantee liability that you reported in the 10-Qs, is it possible to 
give the number as of the end of the third quarter and then maybe a little color around how we should look at that in 
this market of potential challenges in the used market? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: We'll be having our third quarter 10-Q out in the next week or two. You know, just normal filing 
and I think it'd probably be a little bit premature to sort of say what's in the 10-Q. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Okay. But is there a way to discuss how we should think about that liability if used prices are 
starting to decline because it's a challenged market? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think – you're talking about used truck prices? 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Right. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I will make a comment and then Ron might have something else to add, but for U.S. and Canada, 
used truck prices seem to be stabilizing, which is good. Obviously they're down from say a year ago, but as I say, we've 
been in a down cycle since the middle of '07. So they're stabilizing and we have an active program selling used vehicles 
as they come off lease or you know repossessed. Seem to be generating some very good results and our residual values 
versus what we're selling in the marketplace seem to be matching up very, very well. Ron, do you have any other...? 

<A - Ronald Armstrong>: I just would add that we do follow a conservative approach to setting our residual values, 
and that's served us very well, and we don't see any particular issues as we go forward. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: How conservative is it as you set the residual values? Is there a way to give a metric on that? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Probably not, although we do have monthly used truck sales. We'd love to have you come by and 
you could – you know, I think it's – we've got a very experienced team and the good news is the used truck values for 
the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF products continue to command a 15 to 25% premium over the competitors, which is 
of course a very important part of our low cost of operation strategy. 

<Q - Henry Kirn>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Peter Jacobs with Ragen MacKenzie. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Morning, Peter. 

<Q - Peter Jacobs>: Gentlemen, morning. First question is either for Mark or Ron. Can you give us the loan loss ratio, 
the loan losses that were incurred and percentage of assets this quarter on an annualized basis and how to compare that 
with the provision that you're taking relative to the assets? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Well, I would say that the you know the provision for losses is primarily driven by our actual 
credit losses. We have the reserve percentages roughly up just a bit from where it has been. Our loss ratio year to date 
is roughly just over 1%. And you know as I mentioned before the loss ratio in the last cycle in 2001 was 1.8%, and we 
don't see that getting close to those levels. 

<Q - Peter Jacobs>: Okay. And then your reserves as a percentage of assets then that would be comparable at that 1% 
level then right now? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: No, as a percentage of assets we're over 2%. 

<Q - Peter Jacobs>: Reserved? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yes. 


<Q - Peter Jacobs>: Okay. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: And we keep that – that has been that way for decades. 
<Q - Peter Jacobs>: Okay. Great. And then two other questions. Mark, I don't think you talked about this and if you 


did I apologize, but outlook for R&D spending in 2009, can you give any color around that and has there been any 
changes since you wrote the letter to shareholders back in I guess it was in March or April? 


<A - Mark Pigott>: Let me have Michael tackle that. 
<A - Michael Barkley>: This is Michael Barkley. The R&D spending is going to continue at higher levels than maybe 
what you saw three, four, five years ago, but it's going to be level, I would say with what we're seeing in 2008. 


<Q - Peter Jacobs>: Okay. So if I just basically continue through on the rate that you've been spending on R&D that 
gets me to about 350 million in 2008 and you'd think it could be about that level then in 2009? 


<A - Michael Barkley>: It would be probably somewhat about that level, maybe a little lower. 
<Q - Peter Jacobs>: Then is it fair to think R&D then could come down in 2010? Just trying to think about how you 
would be spending money with some of the new facilities and the engine plant coming on. Can you help me out on how 
you're thinking about that and how we should be thinking about that? 


<A - Michael Barkley>: I think that is a fair observation, some major development programs will be coming to a 


conclusion including engine development and others that will probably result in some tail off to that number. 
<Q - Peter Jacobs>: And then similar question then on capital spending. How should we be thinking with that? Is 
there any changes there that have come about based on the current economic outlook? 


<A - Michael Barkley>: As Mark mentioned we are continuing to invest in our factory and other key programs but 
we've completed a lot of very important projects and those projects will benefit the company going forward, but they're 
done and so spending again for those things should tail off. 


<Q - Peter Jacobs>: In 2000 – so we should start to see that tail off in 2009 then? 
<A - Michael Barkley>: Yes. 
<Q - Peter Jacobs>: Okay. Terrific. Thank you very much. That is all I have. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good questions. Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Kristine Kubacki with Avondale Partners. 
<A - Mark Pigott>: Good morning, Kristine. 
<Q - Kristine Kubacki>: Good morning, gentlemen. Just a couple of quick questions. Most of my questions have been 


answered. One on the higher repossessions, this is – you also mentioned this in the second quarter. I was just 
wondering how that has trended in terms of North America. Did you see it accelerate in September or did things drop 
off later in the quarter? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: You know, I think repossessions, I think are actually slowing down. Did that answer your 
question? 
<Q - Kristine Kubacki>: Did it come down from the second quarter rates? 
<A - Mark Pigott>: No. 



<Q - Kristine Kubacki>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: But... 

<Q - Kristine Kubacki>: Okay, just a housekeeping question. Again the cash flow I see that wholesale credit 
receivables kind of took a big swing in the quarter 400 million dollar plus. Can you provide some color there and does 
this concern you in any way on looking forward on credit losses? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: No. The increase, that is a year to date increase since the end of last year so there's really three 
elements to that. One, we have had increased build rates during the course of the year in Europe, Mexico and Australia. 
And as you know at year end the factories are shut down for the December holiday period and so that provides a lower 
level of wholesale flooring at the end of the year and that's been third thing is there has been some delays in customers 
taking trucks. Our dealers are working closely with our customers and we'll likely see reduction as we go forward. 

<Q - Kristine Kubacki>: Okay. And then just a follow up making sure I understand. Did you mention that – you 
talked a little bit about Western Europe, you are seeing that down. As far as Central Europe is your forecast for it to 
increase next year or be slightly down? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: I think Central Europe will probably slow down also. I mean there's been a lot of infrastructure 
building. Some of that is still ongoing. I'm sure you see the press about different countries in Central Europe and some 
are in better position than others, but they're still trying to catch up highways, factories, center of towns, distribution 
centers. There's a lot being built there. 

We just opened up a new facility outside of Budapest and it is going well as it serves Slovenia and Slovakia and Poland 
and others. That will slow down. They're having their own credit issues at the national country level, but I think they're 
committed to continue to grow which is driving freight. And a lot of the – well, not a lot, but some of the freight 
companies in Western Europe have moved to Central Europe whether it's for better access to more drivers or lower cost 
of doing business so that is also stimulating demand for trucks. But I think probably no part of the world is immune to 
the slower economy so I think you'll see some slowdown, but still compared to eight years ago there was no market 
there. 

<Q - Kristine Kubacki>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator instructions]. Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Ann Duignan with J.P. Morgan. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Hello again, Ann. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: Hi, hi, guys. I wonder if you can just give us more color on the comment you made about using 
manufacturing cash for commercial paper for the financial services business? How should we think about that and how 
should we think about capital allocation going forward? Does it change any of your capital allocation decisions? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: No, I think it's a temporary situation that we exercise from time to time. We had roughly 150 
million dollars of manufacturing cash that we utilized on September 30 and that goes, we don't see any significant 
change as we go forward in how we fund our finance company. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: So you see that as more of a temporary... 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Yes. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: ...item, not a long term? 

<A - Mark Pigott>: No. 


<Q - Ann Duignan>: Okay, that was just what I needed to know. 

<A - Mark Pigott>: Good question, thank you. 

<Q - Ann Duignan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

There are no other questions in queue at this time. Are there any additional remarks from the company? 

Robin Easton, Treasurer 

We would just like to thank everyone for their excellent questions and thank you, operator. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes PACCAR's earnings call. Thank you for participating. You may now 
disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


