Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Patterson Companies' Second 
Quarter 2008 Earnings Call. At this time, all participant lines are muted. Following the formal presentation, instructions 
will be given for the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being 
recorded, Wednesday, November 21 of 2007. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to James Wiltz, President and CEO. Please go ahead sir. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for participating in our second quarter conference call. Joining me today is 
Steve Armstrong, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will be pleased to take your questions 
at the conclusion of our remarks. 

Since Regulation FD prohibits us from providing investors with any earnings guidance unless we release that 
information simultaneously, we have included financial guidance for this year's third quarter in our press release issued 
earlier today. Our guidance is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause Patterson's actual results 
to vary from our forecast. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
our other SEC filings and we urge you to review this material. As an editorial note to my comments, references to years 
will be in our fiscal years unless otherwise indicated. 

Turning now to our second quarter results consolidated sales rose 7% to 742 million. Substantially all of this sales 
growth was internally generated. 

Second quarter net increase increased 11% to 53.7 million or $0.39 per diluted share. As we stated in this morning's 
release, below-plan sales of dental equipment adversely affected our consolidated operating results for this period. 
However, this was partially offset by an increase in the Dental gross margin and further strengthening of our 
consolidated operating expense ratio reflecting improvements in Patterson's cost structure that have been achieved by 
consolidating distribution facilities and other functions at the corporate level. 

Now for the next few minutes, I will briefly review the results of our business units for this period. Patterson Dental 
turned in a mixed performance but on balance we are disappointed with the results of this business. On the positive 
side, sales of consumable supplies grew at a very solid 7% rate versus the year earlier period. Consumable growth at 
this level is an indication of the healthy state of the North American dental market. That being the case, then why we 
are experiencing soft sales of dental equipment at this time? Although there is no definitive or quantifiable factor to 
which we can point, the unsettled state of the economy may be adding a short-term psychological impact on the 
purchasing decisions of our Dental customers. While not affecting the book of business of most dental practices at this 
time, problems with the housing market and high gas prices may have introduced a note of caution into the minds of 
many dentists causing them to temporarily delay new investments in their practices. 


I also want to emphasize that we are not using this as an excuse for our below-plan sales of basic equipment and we are 
fully committed to further strengthening our sales execution in the area of dental equipment. The psychological impact 
of the economy on our customers together with the pending introduction of a competitive product also may be affecting 
sales of the CEREC 3D Dental Restorative systems at this time. 

However, CEREC sales were only modestly lower in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis due In part to sales 
of the substantially upgraded CEREC crown-milling chamber. As we said, in our last conference call, we entered the 
second quarter with a substantial backlog of orders from existing customers for the milling chamber. During this 
period, we shipped milling chambers at a level consistent with the rate at which we received them from the 
manufacturer. We expect to continue working down our order backlog from existing customers during the third quarter 
making us believe that the performance of our overall CEREC line should continue to improve. 

Turning now to Webster, sales of our veterinary supply unit increased 14% in the second quarter to $108.9 million. 
Webster's consumable supply business continued to perform at a high level during this period, growing 16% 
year-over-year. In addition, Webster is continuing to expand its market in IntraVet Practice Management Software 
business. 

Webster's strategic emphasis on equipment and software is a major component of its drive to further expand and 
strengthen its value-added platform. Our previously announced strategic decision to drop the line in Merial products 
that Webster had been carrying under an agency agreement had a modest negative impact on Webster's second quarter 
gross margin and operating margin metrics. The affected product lines, which included Merial's flea and tick and 
heartworm products have been replaced with those of Novartis and Bayer. At the end of the second quarter Webster 
also started selling two additional replacement medications from Fort Dodge and Lilly on a full distribution basis. We 
believe these new products have considerable sales potential, reinforcing our belief that Webster's prospects are 
encouraging. 

Patterson Medical, our rehabilitation supply and equipment unit posted second quarter sales growth of 14% to $98.6 
million. Having recorded six consecutive quarters of solid sales growth, Patterson Medical is responding to the 
strategies that its management team has been deploying. These strategies are aimed at implementing a more extensive 
value-added business model. Toward this end, Patterson Medical has greatly expanded its field sales force that 
currently totals more than 200 representatives. In addition, Patterson Medical is establishing full service branch offices 
in selected market through acquisitions of equipment dealers and by greenfield expansion. 

During the second quarter, we acquired a branch in St. Louis and opened another in Houston, which will be followed 
later this year by internal startups in Dallas and Atlanta. Once these additional offices are opened, Patterson Medical 
will be operating ten branches. The growing network of full-service branches is making a growing contribution to 
Patterson Medical's revenue stream. 

Also in the quarter, Patterson Medical acquired a developer of industry-leading practice management software for 
physical therapists. Although this acquisition will not have an immediate impact on Patterson Medical's operating 
results, it will further strengthen the full-service, value-added business platform of this unit. 

Regarding the financial guidance contained in this morning's release, we are cautious about the near-term outlook of 
our equipment business, since it appears that certain economic and industry conditions may be causing some customers 
to temporarily delay new capital investments in their practices. For this reason, we are forecasting earnings of $0.44 to 
$0.46 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2008 ending January 26, 2008. 

We also are reducing our full-year 2008 guidance to $1.68 to $1.72 per diluted share from the previously issued 
guidance of $1.73 to $1.77. Despite this short-term softness in our equipment business, we remain confident in 
Patterson's future. We are taking all appropriate steps to strengthen our equipment sales growth and we believe these 
efforts should yield the desired results over the next several quarters. 

Thank you. Now, Steve Armstrong will review some highlights from our second quarter result. 


R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 
Thank you, Jim. Despite softness in our equipment revenue, we were able to improve each of our operating metrics 
during the second quarter. Consolidated gross margins improved 10 basis points lead by the Dental segment 60 basis 
points increase over the year ago quarter. This resulted from several factors, including improved point of sale margins, 
better freight management, and product mix. Gross profit of our Veterinary segment improved over $1 million in the 
quarter but the gross margin declined by 160 basis points. As Jim mentioned earlier the change in product mix within 
the flea and tick category, as well as more fully distributed products versus agency arrangements resulted in the dilution 
of the gross margin. We believe the product choices in the flea and tick category that we're providing to customers will 
serve us well as part of our long-term strategy of building a strong value-added model. 

Gross margins at Patterson Medical were flat for the quarter. The consolidated operating expense ratio was reduced by 
20 basis points as the Dental and Veterinary segments improved their operating leverage during the quarter. At the 
Medical segment the infrastructures investments in branch operations and information systems caused a decline in the 
operating expense ratio but this impact is expected to dissipate as we move through the second half of the year. For the 
quarter the consolidated operating margins strengthened by 30 basis point with the Dental segment improving to 
12.4%. The Veterinary and Medical segments reported operating margins of 4.9% and 14.4% respectively. 

Looking now to our cash flow, we generated $56 million from operations in the quarter, compared to 30 million in the 
prior year. Our CapEx is expected to be higher in the second half of the year as the renovation of our California 
distribution center continues. I also want to mention that we will retire $50 million of fixed-rate debt later this month 
when it matures. Our inventory levels remains flat for the quarter while accounts receivable increased for the quarter 
since revenues in October were approximately $20 million higher than in July. Our DSO stood at 43 days versus 48 in 
the prior year. 

With that I'll turn it back to the conference operator who'll poll you for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] One moment please, for the first question. The first question comes from the line of Derek 
Leckow with Barrington Research. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Good morning, Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just wanted to step back a minute Jim and maybe just give us sort of reminder of what Patterson 
can do to stimulate demand in the equipment business, dental side? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, Derek as we've talked about in many of our earlier calls it's really a matter of execution and 
prospecting in the equipment business. As we've said many times, at best it's a very lumpy business but frankly, in my 
opinion we just aren't executing as we need to be with our – starting with our sales reps out there prospecting and 
filling the pipeline through to the equipment specialist, and then that leads to billings and we feel very strongly that you 
can make the equipment market what you wish as long as you put the efforts in and frankly, we are just not putting the 
effort in that we need to put in right now Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Especially in light of the fact that we are seeing basically sustainable or slightly improving 
trends as far dental service demand is concerned, right? 

<A - James Wiltz>: That's correct Derek yeah. 


<Q - Derek Leckow>: So, it's really factor of at this point what's within your control is to simply perhaps get more 
promotional or spend some additional money upfront to get to expand your sales force or to improve your prospect? I 
am wondering if you could may be elaborate on that a little bit, what specifically needs to be done there to – to get that 
to happen? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think it's as you said it's money spent upfront on programs and things that will get our sales 
reps that are out there involved in the prospecting. Part of the problem is they have so many products to sell and so 
many things to do in a day's period of time and it's a matter of getting it into their repertoire that they are out there 
presenting day in and day out, Derek and that's up to us to make sure we give them the tools to do that with. You 
mentioned more sales people I don't think that's the answer. I don't think we have the capacity problem Derek, I think 
it's execution. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And it sounds like from your comments that you're kind of anticipating this as somewhat 
temporary in nature and that perhaps the selling cycle is longer and doctors are just delaying orders because isn't it true 
that the retooling process is still sort of in the early stages? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Correct. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And we're still seeing lots of offices out there that are potential buyers of this new high-tech 
digital equipment? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes, that's correct Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. The next question comes from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your 
questions. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yeah, Jim, just a quick question with respect to your equipment sales, I mean, it sounds like 
CEREC saw little bit of an uptick this quarter from the new milling chamber sales, but maybe could you maybe 
elaborate a little bit on sort of the non-CEREC equipment business, because it seems like some of the other big product 
categories obviously maybe disappointed your internal expectations? Maybe if you could just elaborate a little bit on 
maybe which product categories were weaker than maybe what you had anticipated? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well first of all, Glen I think it's across all three pieces. It's part of CEREC, its weaker than it 
should be right now. I think we know some of the reasons why. Certainly waiting for a product – competitive product 
that's supposed to come on the market as we said, many times that's causing delays of our customers to make a 
decision. The second piece, big piece of our business is digital. We had a promotion that ran into well into the first 
months of the first quarter of this year and I think we pulled some business forward in the digital arena, Glen. And then 
I think it's just a general softness in our basic equipment and same thing that I told Derek it's about execution on our 
part in my opinion. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Jim, you say it's a matter of execution but then in the press release you sort of suggested that 
maybe the dental equipment business is more sensitive to the economic conditions. Was that kind of a change in your 
view from what we have seen in the past or have you seen these cycles before and if the economy slows down, you'll 
experience that in your equipment business? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Glen in a true recession we are usually six months late going in and six months late coming out. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. 


<A - James Wiltz>: However, I think what we are dealing with here maybe is just a little overall negativism that's 
going on in the country in general. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yeah. 

<A - James Wiltz>: And obviously, they think like everybody else does. I got to buy gas, I got to do all these things, 
the housing market is terrible, and if you are going to spend a couple of hundred thousand dollars to redo your office 
you might say I'll wait 'til times get a little better. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: And then, Jim, I appreciate the comments and just my last question, do you think there is any 
share shifting going on between you and your closest competitor or you think it's kind of it seems like on the 
consumable side, there is not any share shifting going on, do you think you are seeing any share shift on the equipment 
side or is it really just kind of you are just seeing an overall slowdown in the market? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Glen, I've always felt like there is really not much shifting that goes on in the equipment business. 
You either are gain or lose in the market share in the sundries and if you lose market share in sundries you are probably 
going to lose the market share in equipment, because very few times they should selling some equipment to our 
customers and vice versa. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay, thanks for the comments. I appreciate it. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Thanks Glen. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. The next question comes from Bob Willoughby with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Hi. Jim, I guess as the industry leader, I would have thought Patterson would have a little 
bit more G2 on terms of where the equipment sales trends would be and the revised forecast that I mean, can you give 
us any confidence here now based on what have been disappointing results for some time that the forecasts here now 
are correct? If there are anything but just a guess now on what the trends may be? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well Bob, I don't think they're a guess. I think we have done a pretty good job of analyzing where 
we are right now and factored that into the last half of our year, but I do think that we're giving you the worst news we 
could give you. Is there a possible little upside in the second half potentially, but frankly, we didn't want to have to go 
through this twice. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And I don't really detect in the presentation Jim that there's any change to your philosophy 
on cash but I would – on cash deployment but I guess I look at it and say if I had been content to wait for you to deploy 
it here it has cost me a great deal of money as a shareholder. Is there any change whatsoever to what happens with the 
cash here near-term given where the stock, is as we speak? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Bob, I think I will throw that to Steve we are in separate locations so I apologize for us not being 
able to be more coordinated here but Steve could you take that please? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, I think – pardon me, Bob. The answer to your question is the same as we've talked 
about before. We are in the process and as soon as we have something to say about it we will communicate it to 
everyone. The cash deployment is we are really down to about two or three strategies with regard to that cash, and we 
are trying to. in our minds, figure out what is the best and most effective way of deploying that cash? In the short-term, 
I would think you would see it probably in some of kind of share buyback, but in the longer-term I don't think the 
Board or management has settled on a strategy specifically there yet. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Well, doesn't the Board have to consider now that we are kind of closing in on two 
disappointing years from an earnings standpoint, from a forecasting and consequent performance standpoint, I mean, do 
we see no change more dramatically in capital deployment or does the Board look at Management and say do we need 


to make a change here? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Good question, Bob. I don't have the Board here to answer for you but it's something we are going 
to deal with at our December Board meeting. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions] At this time, we got a question from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Please go 
ahead sir. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Hi, good morning. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Couple of things here on equipment if we could go back to that; on the CEREC side, could 
you talk at all maybe about new systems sales versus the upgrades I think it was last quarter we talked about maybe $40 
million sitting contractually on the sidelines waiting to upgrade here to the new milling unit. Could you help us 
understand kind of maybe where new systems sales were versus the upgrade this quarter where maybe one was 
covering for the other, vice versa? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well the upgrades are definitely covering up some of the shortfall in complete systems. And to 
what extent I can't – I mean, I know how many we're selling of each one but again, I'll repeat to you one of our biggest 
problems out there is a competitive product that's supposed to have been introduced for some time now, and many of 
the customers who don't have CEREC yet are waiting to see what that product looks like. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Well Jim, I don't if you'll go into this kind of detail but I guess on the upgrade side if there was 
40 million before, I think we had about 20% of the installed base was contractually signed up, did 20% of that 20% get 
upgraded this quarter or any kind of framework you could put around that? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I don't know. Steve do you have the number of milling chambers? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yes. I would say, answer your question this way Jeff, I don't know that it's all that 
constructive to get into specifics, but about 50% of the volume was from new customers versus 50% of the volume in 
the quarter was from upgrade transactions. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: The volume, but not revenue, I would assume there Steve? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: No, I'm talking revenue. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Revenue, okay, okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And just from some of the channel checks we 
did this quarter, it sounds like October on the basic equipment side actually was pretty decent from a couple of your 
suppliers anyway. Is there a chance that some of those October sales that the suppliers were seeing maybe just haven't 
translated through to your model or through the income statement yet, given a lag in installation time and what have 
you or were you maybe not be seeing those same kind of trends when you consolidate everything together on the basic 
equipment side? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well we certainly get the same feedback you get back from our manufacturers. I'll remind you 
that's 60 to 90 days down the pipe for us. Basically we're 60 to 90 days away from the time the manufacturer build us 
before we are installing and billing to the customer. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: No, that's fair, Jim. I guess my question was more though we talk to a limited number. We try 
to talk to as many as possible, but obviously we don't a complete look. Were you seeing on a consolidated basis that 
maybe orders picked up in kind of the October-November time period and that just hasn't flowed through to the income 
statement or have even orders that may be delayed 60 or 90 days here remain soft? 


<A - James Wiltz>: Well, actually our major supplier obviously is [inaudible] and they did have an increase in order 
input during the month of October, not that their billing stock but their actual orders received in their system from 
Patterson. So, that again is going to be 90 plus days down, but I'll caution you it was not a significant increase, it was a 
slight increase, but it was an increase. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: All right, fair enough. And then Steve last question for you just on the medical side, especially 
on the margin side in medical. Last quarter you talked about still expecting to be up 50 basis points for the year. It 
looks like we're, back of the envelope anyway, down 200 – 230 basis points for the year, thus far and I am assuming 
that 50 basis points up is going to be hard to achieve at this point? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Current crystal ball would say that's true because of the lag or the delay, if you will, of 
integrating some of those acquisitions Jeff. We thought it would go a little better or a little faster than it has. From a 
revenue side, I think it's been great, but I think from the cost structure side, we need to get some tools and so forth in 
place to help them harvest some of that integration synergy. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: All right. And so is it fair to assume now assume maybe some pressure stays on the medical 
side and also, may be on the vet side, now just with the changes in a couple of those agreements probably see a little 
pressure there as well over the next couple of quarters, again I am just talking margin? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: I think, more on the medical side, but I wouldn't say that on that vet side. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: You would not say that on the vet side? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Not on the operating side. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: How does that change then if there are couple distributor relationships or agencies that are 
now going to distributors that impacted this quarter, how does that not impact the next couple of quarters in that? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Well, I think it's going to be a situation where you are entering the better half of the vet 
year, if you will, in our third and fourth quarter. So, we are optimistic with regard to both the equipment business there, 
as well as just their overall business. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: All right. That's all I've got guys. Thanks. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Thank you, Jeff. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. The next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Hi, thanks very much. A question about your guidance for the rest of the year. Does that assume a 
rebound in growth in CEREC or should we assume ongoing flatness in that category? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, John we are assuming some growth but we were not building much in there because once 
again we cannot predict when the competitive product's going to hit the market. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Got it, okay. And another general question, Jim about the dental equipment trends, have the cost 
of leasing – have the cost of leasing changed at all and do you think that's impacted demand, or is this really more 
about general economic softening? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Actually the interest rates have come down slightly John, so I'd say it's just a matter of the 
negativism that's out there in the general economy. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Okay, and could you give us your sales rep totals in Dental and Vet at this point? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Steve, do you have that number there? 


<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Sales reps in Vet is 178 and in Dental, it's 1,546, in US and Canada. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks, Steve. Jim I think you said earlier in the call that you don't think the issue is not having 
enough reps in the field in dental. Can you just elaborate on that because I know you've talked about the lack of 
productivity in prior quarters as well? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, first of all, I think that if you go back to some of the previous calls John, that we've said that 
our consumable market is dependent upon us growing the sales force which we have grown slightly year-over-year. But 
equipment is not necessarily the case. It's either you've got a capacity issue or you don't, and we really don't have a 
capacity issue. We've got plenty of equipment specialists that really aren't as busy as they need to be John. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great, thanks very much. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thank you and good morning. Jim, just on your comments about the economic conditions, is that 
based on feedback from customers or sales reps or is this kind of anecdotal observations of what you think is going on? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well it's just our anecdotal observation of what's going on. When you look at it, a lot of times we 
can look at it and we're up a great deal in one area and down in another area, but if you look across the board this time, 
there is just a general softness throughout the entire country and the equipment market on – at Patterson. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: But you don't have any specific feedback from customers to sales reps that hey, I want to wait 
three years, six months, or a year. I'm not going to buy this chair because the housing market is weak? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No, we don't see it and, unfortunately we don't have a good system for gathering that as we're a 
very decentralized organization. So, takes us about three or four months to get that kind of detailed information up from 
the field. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And then, in the context of your comments about the competitor offering the CEREC, what is the 
sales force saying to customers about that? Has there been any additional training for sales reps in how they should 
communicate the CEREC offering versus what the potential competitor could offer? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Absolutely Steven, we've done – everybody in the field has been totally retrained on the new 
CEREC system and how it stands up to what we at least what we know about the E4D machine and we've even been 
out in the field with a guarantee to customers that if they buy this CEREC and when the E4D comes out if they prefer 
that, we'll take the CEREC back and they can buy the E4D. So, I think we've done everything we can do on our part to 
reassure the customer it's Okay, to go ahead and buy now. Unfortunately I think it's human nature if you're going to 
spend $100,000, you'd like to compare the two machines. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Sure and have you seen any differences in performance between the US and Canada? 

<A - James Wiltz>: As far as CEREC? 

<Q - Steven Postal>: CEREC and more generally speaking too? 

<A - James Wiltz>: We have. Canada has been has a stronger growth pattern, for both CEREC and core equipment. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Got you. And I guess just one final question on equipment, I mean, it sure seems like you've had 
a big divergence in performance from your primary competitor. Are you confident with your product offering or is it 
possible that there are some structural changes in demand for some of the specific products that you are offering 
whether it's in basic equipment or in more high-tech equipment? 


<A - James Wiltz>: No I do not Steve. I feel very confident with the products we have versus anything that any of our 
competitors have and if you are talking about our major competitor towards how we stack up. I think we stack up quite 
nicely once you strip their number apart and get down to their core equipment. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And I guess just one question for Steve, and I know the question was asked about cash flow and 
your balance sheet initiative. Would some of the short-term challenges in the business, could that change the timing of 
when the Board would do something with the balance sheet or that wouldn't be a factor? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: I think generally and I would obviously ask Jim to give his reflections on this as well but I 
don't think the short-term timing will have any impact on the decision as far as what the board decide to do because we 
run this business more from a long-term perspective and so we're going to try to evaluate what it means for the totality 
of the business over a longer period of time than just a couple of quarters. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes, Steven I would concur exactly with Steve on that. You don't want a knee-jerk react on a 
situation like this. You want to make sure you're doing the best thing for the organization over the next 5 to 10 years 
when you deploy that cash out. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. The next question comes from the line of Mike Hamilton with RBC Dain. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Michael Hamilton>: Good morning. 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Hi, Mike. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Good morning, Mike. 
<Q - Michael Hamilton>: A couple of detail questions if I may, Steve did we begin to run amortization off of CEREC 


this quarter? 


<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yes, Mike that began in October so all the revenues that was recorded on CEREC in 
October it took some portion of the amortization with it. 
<Q - Michael Hamilton>: For modeling purposes are you going to lay out what that was? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: It was negligible in the quarter, Mike less than $0.5 million. 
<Q - Michael Hamilton>: Okay, thanks. What's your feeling on tax rate balance of the year? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: The tax rate probably is going to run in the mid 37, so 37.4 to 37.6 would be a good 


guesstimate at this particular point. As you know, the way the current accounting standards are, you basically have to 
run some of your tax settlements and statute of limitation, expirations and so forth through the individual quarters and 
that's going to cause some volatility, but it's going to be pretty much around that mid-37 mark. 


<Q - Michael Hamilton>: You commented that you're going to see expansion in CapEx back-half of year, do you have 


a range you're using at this stage on full year? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, I think it was back I think Mike I said earlier that we are still looking at about 25 to 
30 million in total for the year. The CapEx crystal ball still says we'll be in that range. 


<Q - Michael Hamilton>: Thanks Steve. That's it for me. 


Operator 


Thank you sir. The next question come [inaudible] Please go ahead. 
<Q>: Hi, thanks and good morning. I just wondered if I could drill-in on the financing aspect of the equipment 


business, Steve are you seeing any change in the availability of credit as a result of the dislocation of the credit markets 
at all? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: No, absolutely none. 
<Q>: And any. 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: We're fine. 
<Q>: And any earnings impact, you said like if interest rates came down a little bit there might have been a modest 


tailwind from that. is that -? 


<A - James Wiltz>: Yeah, we did have some positive impact in the quarter David, no doubt about it from the reduction 


in the curve during the quarter. 


<Q>: Can you size that for us at all? 


<A - James Wiltz>: Maybe 20 basis points of revenue. 


<Q>: Okay. 


<A - James Wiltz>: Size-wise. 

<Q>: All right and on the other side of the trade, I mean, is there any – I wondered if you've seen any meaningful 


change in the mix of equipment that has been financed in the first place? That make sense? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Repeat the question, I want to make sure. 
<Q>: Yeah, I guess, I wonder of the equipment that you did sell this quarter, has there been any meaningful mix shift in 


the willingness of dentists to finance or are people more or less willing to take on that incremental leverage in their 


practices? 
<A - James Wiltz>: I think based on the statistics we saw in the quarter, David, I would say there was no appreciable 
attitudinal shift at all. We financed about the same percentage that we've historically financed. 


<Q>: Okay. And just kind of a softer question. When you think about morale internally, how is that holding up? Is 


retention where you want it to be, can you talk about those issues? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think morale as general, obviously you get bit of a downer whenever your markets softens 
a little bit, but I think on whole that our people are in a pretty good frame of mind about this, and I think as far as 
turnover of our sales force is that what you're asking David? 


<Q>: Yes, obviously they're the pointy end of the swords? 


<A - James Wiltz>: No we are not having turnover in our sales force, matter of fact our retention rate's probably gone 


up slightly. 


<Q>: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thank you. 


<A - James Wiltz>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Next question comes from [inaudible]. Please go ahead. 


<Q>: Thank you. Jim, you commented that you installed the CEREC at the pace you received them in the quarter, so is 
there still a supply issue from the manufacturer, or is that shifted to a demand issue at this point? 

<A - James Wiltz>: [inaudible] the statement we were making is that we are taking down our backlog of orders from 
current customers on the XL milling chamber and what we were saying there was those are going out as soon as we 
receive them from the manufacturer. But no we are not having a delivery problem. We predicted that on every call that 
we would have these go out over time. 

<Q>: Yeah. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Because we want to maintain a mix of product available for new customers, as well as pulling on 
us backwards, so no we do not have a supply problem. 

<Q>: Okay, and the unit is earmarked from the factory where it goes, correct? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well we make that decision when we get it Jon but we are trying to keep a percentage balance. I'd 
say that we've shipped slightly more to the backlog of backorders than we would have anticipated through this quarter 
but we're on track to probably achieve it at about an eight-month period of time to get that backorder all completely 
gone. 

<Q>: Okay, and then can you characterize the placements between the CEREC III, and then the XL, is there any 
demand for the smaller unit currently? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, there is some demand but it's very small Jon, vast majority of them want the XL milling 
chamber. 

<Q>: Okay, and then if you're going to pursue a dual product strategy in CEREC, doesn't there need to be a bigger 
price differential between the two? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, not in my opinion when you analyze the only real difference is the robustness of the milling 
chamber and about a three to four minute reduction in time. You still have all the financial benefits that you reap from 
CEREC and I'm not sure that the manufacturer can produce it at a much lower price. 

<Q>: Okay, so it's not your plan or intention to review the pricing structure for CEREC currently? 

<A - James Wiltz>: [inaudible] it's always a possibility that you have to review your pricing structure, if anything 
based on what the market dictates I'll just say that to you. 

<Q>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question comes from Alan Mitrani with Sylvan Lake Asset Management. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Hi, can you tell us about the differentials in the months of the quarter, if your indication is that 
it's the economy is part of your problem I realize its execution, but also economy is part of your problem it seems as if 
the headlines have been getting worse over the last few months. Did you see the same sales results mirroring that 
economic situation? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Steve, you want to take that? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Sure, Alan I think that's kind of a loaded question from the standpoint that we don't work 
equipment on a nice smooth track throughout the quarter. It's not like consumables where it's a repetitive business and 
it's somewhat dependent upon the customer opportunity to get the equipment installed and so forth. So, it's really hard 
to have any kind of correlation between monthly results. 


<Q - Alan Mitrani>: That's fair and I wasn't equipment obviously is probably weighted to the back end of the quarter 
as guys try to get guys to close. I am talking more about even consumables, which I saw -? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Consumables, as we said, the consumables was very consistent throughout the quarter. We 
didn't see anything or haven't seen anything in the underlying trends of the customer into the dental office. What we're 
really seeing is potentially some delay in that more discretionary spend that the doctor has today. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Got you and also, do you have currently have a buyback in place? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yes, we do, 6 million shares. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: 6 million shares and when can you start buying back stock? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Tuesday morning. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Tuesday morning of next week. Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. Your next question comes with Chris Sassouni with Eagle Asset Management. Please go ahead sir. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: Good morning. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Good morning. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: This year is a little bit unusual in that you had the International Dental Society Show in 
Germany, the ADA just happened, you've got the New York Dental Association meeting coming up and I would have 
thought that with three meetings this year that there would be some sort of push on the part of not only the sales reps 
attending those shows but also on the part of customers interested in buying and yet that hasn't seem to have panned 
out. The International Dental Society show is obviously global but I just curious whether based upon leads that you 
would have generated in these shows whether there was any correlation even as early as ADA – coming out of ADA as 
to whether or not the order flow is going to come through on CEREC and some of your dental equipment and was the 
ADA in your opinion this year less well attended or less enthusiasm at the show itself? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Let me start with first of all, the IDS show. We have no real participation in the IDS show other 
than upper level management participation. Very few customers from the US go to that show. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: Okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Now turning to the ADA, I think the CEREC question at the ADA were we pleased with the 
performance there? No, we weren't – we sold some machines but certainly not to the level that you would hope to with 
a brand new machine on the market new and improved and better and so forth. So, once again, I think we're being 
plagued by the customer wanting to compare the two machines and they don't have the ability to do that right now. 
Core equipment, I think it was an Okay, meeting, core equipment-wise. The ADA in Las Vegas always is a bigger draw 
than most places but nobody would classify it as a barnburner and I think it was just an Okay, meeting, Chris. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: Okay. And then if you look at D4D was displayed at the ADA I'm curious as to how long you 
think if today the D4D was "officially launched" how long do you think it will take for dentists to make up their minds? 
Will they have to wait until there is enough units available with the reps to bring that into their office so they can do a 
side-by-side comparison or is it months, is it quarters before you have enough units out there that the dentists can make 
a decision and finally, decide yes, I am going to get one or the other or neither? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think as soon as they start doing live demos at the shows hopefully they will do them at 
New York, but I don't know that. Then we will see some immediate impact. 


<Q - Chris Sassouni>: Given that, they were doing some live show, they were still doing some live demos at ADA, so 
-? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No, no, they were not. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: Okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: It's my understanding they were not taking an actual impression and milling to that impression. I 
could be wrong about that Chris but that was my information. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: I see, you're saying versus doing it on a model or something like that versus doing it on a 
patient or whatever? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, you could have a preprogrammed crown in the machine and simply hit the button and it will 
mill a crown but what I am talking about is taking the actual camera, taking an optical impression of whatever; either a 
person that's happens to be standing in the booth or a model if somebody has them with them in the booth, and then 
milling to that impression. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: I see, okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: But we need to get to that level where the doctors could compare the two machines. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: So, assuming that – let's say theoretically if they were to do that at the New York Dental 
Association meeting in a couple of weeks, would you expect to see that in your third quarter that coming off of that 
meeting is the New York Dental Association meeting large enough to then spur demand one way or the other once they 
have seen the demos? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think it probably is, how much I wouldn't want to venture, yes, Chris but I think it 
definitely will start the ball rolling forward. 

<Q - Chris Sassouni>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Okay. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Hi, thanks for the follow-up. Can you give us an update on the competitive environment in the vet 
and rehab space? Are you seeing any change there and particularly are you seeing any price erosion among your 
competitors? 

<A - James Wiltz>: John, let me start with the vet space. No, I don't think we have seen any change there pricewise. 
There is always some price pressure in that market because it tends to be more of a price sensitive market than our – 
particularly our dental market, but I see no change. I think if anything it's probably gotten slightly better. As far as 
medical, pricewise never seems to be a big issue there, it's a matter of our folks and not the customer. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. The next question comes from [inaudible] Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Yes, just a couple of questions for you, really based on your commentary today, just trying to reconcile a couple 
of statements. You mentioned I think at one point that there is actually a lack of crossover sales in terms of your selling 


capital equipment and the Shine customers or likewise. They are selling into yours yet you have mentioned that 
customers seem to be frozen by the E4D launch, so I am just curious as to, what that's actually saying and as you look 
at the market potential for CEREC sales are you actually targeting more Shine customers or your un-penetrated base, 
and then may be a second or follow on question to the extent that the struggles that you may be having there related to 
execution, should the retention rate of the sales force be higher or lower given the environment and the performance 
that we are in? Thanks very much. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Let me start with the E4D and CEREC and first of all, my statement doesn't really apply to that. 
What we are talking about is two exclusive products here, which is really not the case with almost everything else we 
sell. So, I think when a customer whether it'd be Shine's or Patterson is considering buying a CAD/CAM machine that 
they are going to look at both of them whether they'd be a Patterson customer or Shine customer. So, I do think there 
will be some potential crossover of sales, as it relates to CAD/CAM machines but not to core dental equipment. 

And the second part of your question with retention to sales force, do we have some that are on the bottom end of the 
bench, we always do Jim, and I think we are constantly working on upgrading that bottom part of our bench. So, I don't 
think there's anything new there. I don't think I want to go out just wholesale turn over 25% of our sale force to try to 
get a better performance. I don't think that's the issue. 

<Q>: Thank you, Jim. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Alan Mitrani with Sylvan Lake Asset Management. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Hi, just two questions. First of all, Jim, can you tell us then what is the plan to fix improvements, 
to make improvements over not just in the next six months, but over the next year, year and a half this is not the first 
downturn you guys have seen in the economy or slowdown, I realize CEREC is an important product and it is a unique 
situation. But maybe you can just give us a couple of measures that you're taking to be able to fix the problem?, and 
then the second question relates to the comment earlier about how you are making a deal that you will take CEREC 
back from customers if they like the E4D better, I think that was your statement. Can you just tell us whether Sirona 
will back you on that and will it be willing to take the product back as well? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Sirona is not going to take the product back. They will recondition it for us if we do take one back. 
So, they do have some participation, but mostly that's a Patterson program and a Patterson guaranteed program. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Okay. And the first question in terms of practical measures that you are actually taking or what 
have you done in the past to be able to jumpstart things or maybe some cost cuts that you can accelerate here? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think there are some cost cuts we can accelerate, we'll certainly have to go after some of 
those we've already put some of those in place in the last week or so. More importantly, I think we need to continue to 
expand out our prospecting capabilities. We have talked about that over the last three or four quarters and I think we are 
making progress there. We are just not seeing the results from it yet and I think you'll probably see us be a little more 
active on the promotional front to try to seed the field a little bit. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you sir. Gentlemen, at this time, there are no further questions. Please go ahead. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Very well, thank you very much. We appreciate you joining us for our second quarter conference call. We appreciate 
the interest. I'll just repeat to you that we are not happy with our performance either and hopefully when we get 
together after the next quarter that we will have some of these problems solved for you. Thank you very much for 
joining us today. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Patterson Companies' second quarter 2008 conference call. 
You may now disconnect, and thank you for using AT&T teleconferencing. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


