Q1 2008 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Patterson Companies' First Quarter 
2008 Earnings Call. At this time, all participant lines are muted. Following the formal presentation, instructions will be 
given for the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, 
Thursday, August 23, 2007. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to James Wiltz, President and CEO. Please go ahead sir. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah thank you. Good morning and thanks for participating in our first quarter conference call. Joining me today is 
Steve Armstrong, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will be pleased to take your questions 
at the conclusion of our remarks. 

Since Regulation FD prohibits us from providing investors with any earnings guidance unless we release that 
information simultaneously, we have included financial guidance for this year's second quarter. Our guidance is subject 
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause Patterson's actual results to vary from our forecast. These risks 
and uncertainties are discussed in detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings and we urge you to 
review this material. As an editorial note to my comments, references to years will be to our fiscal years unless 
otherwise indicated. 

Turning now to our first quarter results consolidated sales rose 7% to 701.4 million. Substantially all of this sales 
growth was internally generated. First quarter net income increased 14% to 47.5 million or $0.35 per diluted share. As 
we mentioned in this morning's release, our first quarter earnings benefited from an increase in gross margin from our 
dental business as well as further improvements in Patterson's expense ratio. 

Now for the next few minutes, I will briefly review our results for this period. We were generally pleased with the first 
quarter performance of our dental business, which benefited from solid sales of consumable supplies and basic 
equipment. Demand also remains strong for digital radiography systems and related software. We are the leading 
supplier of digital X-ray systems, which continue to be our fastest growing product category. We believe this 
technology, which has a current North American market penetration of approximately 30% will eventually be installed 
in most dental offices. 

Consequently, we believe we have considerable room for future growth in the digital arena. Sales of CEREC 3D dental 
restorative systems declined in the first quarter. We had expected that the first quarter would continue to be affected by 
the process of transitioning the CEREC product upgrades into the marketplace. Numerous factors were involved in this 
transition including sales training, upgrading demonstration units and training centers with the new models as well as 
the production ramp-up required by the manufacturer. 


We believe these necessary aspects of the product rollout are behind us and we can now concentrate on selling the 
benefits of CEREC. We also experienced solid demand consistent with our expectations from existing customers for 
the substantially upgraded CEREC crown-milling chamber. The rate at which we receive the new milling chambers 
from the manufacturer in combination with demand from new customers will dictate the pace at which we can fill the 
backlog orders from our existing customers. In all, we believe CEREC sales should strengthen as we progress through 
2008. 

Turning now to Webster, sales of our veterinary supply unit increased 10% in the first quarter to 110.4 million. 
Webster's consumable supply business continued to perform at a high level during this period growing 10% 
year-over-year. In addition, Webster benefited from a 31% increase in sales of capital equipment and IntraVet practice 
management software. 

Webster's strategic emphasis on equipment and software is a major component of its drive to further expand and 
strengthen its value added platform. Webster is now selling such equipment as digital X-ray system, tables, panels, 
dental systems, and cabinetry in most of its market. Webster is supporting this initiative through its steadily expanding 
capabilities in local technical support and financing. Webster is also developing a more open architecture for its 
IntraVet software, which will enable vets to integrate Digital X-ray images as well as lab results from other equipment 
into a digitized patient record. This will position Webster as the only veterinary distributor capable of offering a single 
source digital solution. Our eMagine electronic order entry system will also be integrated into the IntraVet software. 

Our previously announced strategic decision to drop the line of Merial products that Webster had been carrying under 
an agency agreement had a modest negative impact on Webster's first quarter performance. This decision was based on 
Merial's demand that Webster carry Merial's products exclusively, a demand that we strongly felt was not in the best 
interest of our customers. The affected product lines, which included Merial's flea and tick and heartworm products, 
have been replaced with those of Novartis and Bayer, and we have been pleased with the sales progress of these 
replacement products. 

Patterson Medical, our rehabilitation supply and equipment unit posted first quarter sales growth of 10% to 91.3 
million. This marks Patterson Medical's fifth consecutive quarter of solid sales growth making us increasingly 
confident that this unit is responding to the strategies that its management team is deploying. These strategies are aimed 
at implementing a more extensive value-added business model. Toward this end Patterson Medical has greatly 
expanded its field sales force, which currently totals more than 200 representatives. In addition Patterson Medical is 
establishing full service branch offices in selected markets through acquisition of equipment dealers and by greenfield 
expansion. 

During the first quarter, we acquired a dealer serving the Baltimore, Washington DC market in addition to an internal 
startup in San Francisco. Following the close of the first quarter we opened a branch in Houston, which will be 
followed later this year by internal startups in Dallas and Atlanta. Once these additional offices are open Patterson 
Medical will be operating nine branches. 

Also in the quarter Medical acquired the sports medicine business of another regional medical supplier and combined it 
with our Medco, our existing sports medicine operation. As a result of these and other strategies, we believe Patterson 
Medical is making solid progress toward realizing its potential in the large and growing rehabilitation market. 

Turning now to the financial guidance contained in this morning's release, we are forecasting earnings of $0.39 to $0.41 
per diluted share for the second quarter ending October 27th, 2007. We believe the investments that we made during 
2007 in new structure systems and growth programs have positioned Patterson to start attaining operating results that 
approximate our historic norms. Although more work remains, we feel very good about Patterson's prospects. 

Thank you and now Steve Armstrong will review some highlights from our first quarter results. 

R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Treasurer 

Thank you, Jim. 

On a consolidated basis, our first quarter operating margin improved by 20 basis points reflecting improved operating 
expense leverage of 40 basis points, which was partially offset by a 20 basis point decline in consolidated gross margin. 
By segment, our first quarter operating margins were 11.5% for Dental, 14.1% for Medical and 4.3% for Veterinary. 
These margins are comparable with last year's reported results as the expense associated with the prior year adoption of 
the new stock compensation standard is included in both periods. 

Looking at each of the segments, our Dental unit achieved gross margin expansion of 40 basis points in the quarter 
despite the decline in CEREC sales. The improvement resulted primarily from better freight management. It should be 
recalled that last year's dental gross margin was negatively affected by a special financing promotion. Dental's 
operating expense leverage improved by 70 basis points, which when combined with the gross margin improvement 
resulted in 110 basis point increase in operating margin. 

The expense ratio improvement reflects the leverage of infrastructure investments that were brought online a year ago, 
elimination of duplicate costs from the distribution system realignment and solid expense management throughout the 
segment. As Jim mentioned it a few minutes ago, the Veterinary segment's operating performance was affected by a 
strategic partner change at the beginning of the calendar year. The change was felt primarily in Webster's gross margin 
which declined by 90 basis points in the quarter due to the lower agency commissions from the vendor change coupled 
with a reduction in vendor rebates for the quarter. 

Webster realized a 20 basis point improvement in its operating expense ratio since it also benefited from the 
distributions realignment that allowed them to close a standalone warehouse during the past year. However, Webster is 
continuing to invest in its equipment and technical service capabilities, which will add cost to the system that cannot be 
immediately leveraged. 

During the quarter, Webster acquired a specialty X-ray sales and service operation in New England that creates the 
backbone for an expanded equipment and technical service function in this key market. The acquisition had a nominal 
operating impact in the first quarter. 

Moving on, Patterson Medicals' gross margin declined by 150 basis points in the quarter caused almost entirely by 
freight costs. The management at Medical has a concerted effort underway to slow the rate of growth of its freight 
expense. A small contributing factor to the gross margin decline was the impact from the various acquisitions this 
segment has made in the past 12 months. 

These acquisitions when combined with greenfield branch start-ups are contributing expenses that in the short-term will 
increase the segment's operating expense ratio. However, for the full fiscal year, we are still anticipating that Medical 
will achieve a 50 basis point improvement in its operating margin. 

A quick review of our balance sheet revealed that our accounts receivable balance was reduced by approximately $28 
million in comparison to the fiscal year end level. We historically produce higher levels of sales in our third and fourth 
quarters in comparison to the first quarter of the new fiscal year, which result in an accounts receivable pay-down in 
most years. In comparison to the end of fiscal 2007, inventory increased by approximately $30 million at the end of this 
year's first quarter. This increase resulted from normal seasonal increases in our warehouse inventories to improve 
service levels along with higher levels of CEREC inventory. 

The CEREC growth is due primarily to establishing the requisite unit levels necessary to support sales of the new XL 
milling chamber. This includes units for stocking, demonstration, and training, and safety stock. Our DSO stands at 43 
days, which is down from 46 days in the prior year, while inventory turns are at 7.3 compared to 7 a year ago. We 
generated cash flow from operations of approximately $53 million in the first quarter compared to 52 million in the 
year earlier period. 

And before I turn it back to the operator, I would just like to remind everybody that on September 6th, we will be 
hosting an Investor Conference in New York at the Waldorf Astoria from 8 to noon. Details on this can be obtained at 
the pattersoncompanies.com Investor Relations tab, or you can – bear with me – there is a website you can go to 


htttp://208.42.82.125/pdco/newyorkreg2007.htm or you can dial 904-261-8232 or certainly call my office for details. 
With that Eric, we will take any questions. 

Q&A 
Operator 

[Operator Instructions].Our first question comes from Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you. Good morning Steve and Jim. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Good morning Derek. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Good morning. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just had a question on the better freight management in Dental, you had about a 40 basis point 


improvement in Dental margins, was all of that due to the freight? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Most of it Derek. Some of it was due to some point of sale pricing, but most of it was the freight. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: And is that sustainable for the rest of the year do you think or what is the, what's the outlook for 


freight? 


<A - James Wiltz>: Yeah, no it's embedded in the processes now. So as long as the freight costs from the 
manufacturer stayed – or the provider stayed constant, we should be okay. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: And what specifically was done differently there? Was it just, did you outsource some of that 


shipping or what's happening? 
<A - James Wiltz>: No, no we used the same carrier. We have just put a surcharge on the shipping charge. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Oh I see okay. And then the, in the medical business, I assume you are going to probably try to 


use the same strategy there? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Yes there are a couple of pieces in medical. When we transitioned them to the warehouse in 


Mount Joy, in the start-up process we were shipping quite a bit of stuff next day air and I think you will see that get out 
of the system plus they are also implementing a surcharge on their delivery. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: So going forward you are expecting improvement in margin in the Medical business as well? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. And then just on the CEREC unit we are seeing sales obviously decline year-over-year 


but we are seeing higher inventory. I think you mentioned the inventory levels were up. Can you help me understand 


that disconnect a little bit? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Well the biggest piece of that is units are going out to training centers, going into branches as 
demonstration units and units that are coming into the pipeline that are not for sale. They are really for demonstration 
purposes and for supporting sales and those are all now in place. So I think as you see the inventory now come into the 
system, you will see it decline Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And as far as the backlog is concerned, can you give us an idea of how that's either growing or 

shrinking, what's the trend in the backlog right now? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Well we ran a trade in program that ended July 15th and we had about 20% of the user base that 
ordered new systems. And we think that we need to support sales, total sales for new customers. So we can't just ship 
out all the units we have coming in to fulfill that backlog. We are trying to manage that process, and we think we 


should be out of the back order situation for those XL milling units by, at least by the end of the year. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And is that what held back the first quarter in CEREC sales was really the availability of the 
product? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No it was just – it was all the things we were going through from startup that we've talked about in 
the other quarters. Now we think we have that all behind us, and we think we will see that get back to a normal sales 
pace as we move into the second and certainly into the third quarter. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And then just remind me on the comparisons. They get substantially easier at Q2 right, for 
CEREC? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yeah, unfortunately yes Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay, thank you very much. Good luck. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yep. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Steve, I got a tough one, can you repeat that website again for...? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: [Laughter]. No, I will not Bob. Call my office. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: I guess the question – your high stakes gamble on the T-Bill rates here paid off for you 
with the swing in other income in the quarter here sequentially, I mean what should we be thinking about other income 
going forward? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I think – I don't know what strategy you are referring to with regard to the T-Bill rates, 
but we obviously paid down $120 million of debt last year, so that's going to remove a fair amount of interest expense 
from that below the line activity. Cash balances depending upon acquisition activity and other uses, probably it should 
be fairly steady unless the interest rate markets really move with regard to investments. I don't think you are going to 
see much change from this quarter going forward Bob. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Yeah, well I guess any cash that you do generate going forward, I am not really obviously 
impressed by the rate at which it's getting redeployed, but you know shouldn't that number just continue to trend 
meaningfully upward as it did in the first quarter? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: It would grow according to the cash balance. Yes you are correct Bob. We hope to 
deploy it. We are going to try. We're listening to you. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Does the turmoil in the market here now, are we finally at a point where maybe some 
valuations have come your way and Pete's presentation here on Investor Day, are we really close to seeing some effort 
there, or what's really changed from the prior two calls? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: What segment are you talking about in particular Bob? 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: I am just thinking capital deployment opportunities here, obviously acquisitions have been 
your focus. We have been waiting and waiting and waiting. Are there now finally valuations here that have really come 
down based on some equity market troubles and private equity issues? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Well the answer is we think so Bob, but it has not brought anybody to the table in the 
last 30 days, and again if you look at the three different segments, we have not been having that problem in Medical. 
Our problem there is the size of acquisitions available, but in the Vet market the multiples continue to be relatively 
high. 


<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And I guess Pete's, Investor Day presentation is about the possibility of a fourth business 
leg. I mean are we closer on that front? My sense was that was not where you were going initially? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: That's a hypothetical conversation at this point Bob that Pete will have just explaining 
what we would be looking for in the way of a business not that we've necessarily targeted anything at this point. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And I guess maybe the last one, are there any sticks to management from an incentive 
compensation standpoint for not getting capital deployed in some productive fashion over a certain timeframe or we 
just sit and wait and wait and wait? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: No we have a, part of our long-term compensation structure is tied to return on equity 
so we are as sensitive to it as you are Bob. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay and just the economics around the financing business Steve have you seen any 
significant change there with some perceived credit crunch here? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: No, I think most of that crunch if you will is more on the lower grade commercial 
paper. Our paper goes into a high grade commercial market. So, we haven't really seen anything nor are our suppliers 
anticipating anything. The other point that I would make there Bob is we have backup facilities on each of those 
arrangement where a commercial bank is involved so if – and provides that backup facility, so if the commercial paper 
for some ungodly reason would actually dry up in a particular period we would still have capacity to move our 
contracts through those commercial banks. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay thank you. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: You are welcome. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Steve, Jim good afternoon. 
<A - James Wilts>: Hi Jeff. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Hi. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Good morning again. One question on Dental equipment here ex-CEREC is it fair to think of 


all other dental equipment is being up 5 or 6% in the quarter, as I try to back it out? 
<A - James Wilts>: We've got that number here somewhere. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah Jeff I think... 
<A - James Wilts>: That's close. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: A little bit higher, about 7.5%. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: 7.5% okay so, even better than that. And did I hear you correctly then as of the July 15th 


closing of the CEREC upgrade deadline there for your program anyway – would you, you had 20% signed up? 
<A - James Wilts>: Yes 20% of the current user base Jeff. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: So as I do the math on that I mean I can get somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 million plus 


opportunity that just kind of gets layered into the dental equipment model if you will the back half of this year, is that 
accurate? 
<A - James Wilts>: Yes. 



<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay, great. And as that happened I guess would we expect any upgrades outside that 20% 
let's say as we get 6 to 12 months into this upgrade cycle or do you think that's all of the base that's going to upgrade 
and that will be built this year so '09 doesn't see any benefits of that? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No, no I think we will see some additional upgrades Jeff. I think that as customers see it – a lot of 
the current users haven't seen the product Jeff. And so, I think as they get the opportunity at dental meetings or through 
demonstrations we are doing at branches that we will have more people that will upgrade. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: So the 20% right now was kind of the hard number we have now but that could lead its way 
up more than anything I guess over the next year is the way to think about it? 

<A - James Wiltz>: That's correct. We have actual orders for that 20%. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Great. And then I guess two other questions here on the vet side, as you take the IntraVet 
software and open the architecture there for that and it can integrate dental or digital X-ray I am sorry. Remind me that 
was a big moving point if I remember for the EagleSoft software and what have you or a big selling point there and so 
is the opportunity just as big on the vet side you think as you integrate digital X-ray with the practice management 
software? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well it's not as big because there are not as many potential users Jeff, because there are only about 
22,000 small animal vets that would be our target, where in dental obviously it's a much larger number than that, but 
percentage-wise I think it might even be bigger in Vet than it is in Dental. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah, and I'm sorry Jim, I wasn't asking I guess absolute numbers given the size of the 
markets, but as big a competitive advantage, let's put it that way as it was... 

<A - James Wiltz>: Absolutely and the same problem exists with the vet as it does with the dentist, how do I get this 
all put together properly. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. And then last question on Medical margins, Steve do you have an apples-to-apples if 
you exclude stock option expense, I just without seeing the Q yet, what operating margins in rehab were this quarter 
versus last year in the fiscal Q1? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: For all three divisions? 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: No, just I'm really just focused on Medical right now. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, it was, I think Medical's last year it was 17.0. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: And this quarter it was? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: 14.1. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: 14.1. So, we still have that 300 point or so basis point bleed? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Correct. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Is the – as that hopefully improves throughout the year and it sounds like if 150 bips was gross 
margin and that's a freight increase that you guys will be instituting, do we see, does that get back to let's say down half 
of that in the second quarter and then flat and then up by the fourth quarter, is that how to think about it or is it a steep 
hockey stick for some reason later in the year where we get that improvement? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I would say that you should see some of it in the second quarter, but most of it is 
probably going to happen in the second half Jeff. I think some of the freight issues will start to mitigate themselves in 
the second quarter. We're optimistic that's going to happen, but the integration impact from some of those branches in 
the startup, it probably will take at some point or through the second quarter maybe or the second half and even the 
early part of next year before that will be fully through the system, but it will mitigate the impact on the ratios. 


<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. And the acquisition you made to complement Medco, remind me Medco I thought was 
dilutive to medical margins. Would this be the same and is that going to weigh for the next now four quarters or is it 
just not big enough? 

<A - James Wiltz>: It is relatively small. I don't think you will even notice it. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay that's all I have got. Thanks guys. 
<A - James Wiltz>: You are welcome. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Jon Wood with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Jon Wood>: Thank you. Steve or Jim are you willing to comment on the order of magnitude of the CEREC 
decline on the quarter? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: We have in prior quarters, I am not – I mean it's about 17% year-over-year. 
<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: US and Canada. 
<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay so minus 17? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah correct. 
<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay and then Jim you comment on the working down of the upgrade backlog by the end of the 


year, first of all is that the calendar year or is that your fiscal year? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Our fiscal year. Any time I talk about the year, I am talking about our fiscal year. 
<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. So you can, you can install upwards of 1400, 1500 units with 100 specialists throughout nine 


months and still balance new user demand? 
<A - James Wiltz>: We think so. 
<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And does the manufacturer have any say in the mix of installations in a given quarter 


meaning, do you negotiate with them on how many new users you install and how many existing users? 
<A - James Wiltz>: No that's totally up to us John. 
<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And then can you comment just qualitatively maybe, are you still seeing demand for the old 


milling chamber and if so what proportion should we expect of new sales is CEREC 3? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Well there is still some demand and I would prefer to call it the standard chamber versus calling it 
the old chamber because it's still a very viable product, and I think that the only thing that has happened during this 
introduction process is that, the guess was wrong as to how many were going to want the XL chamber versus the 
standard chamber. So, we still have demand for it, but it's dramatically lower than I think everybody anticipated and 


that's really what's caused Sirona to have to revamp the manufacturing process to gear it totally towards the XLs or 
almost totally towards the XL milling chambers, which they have done and are doing. 
<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay, and do you still have, I mean do you have the standard milling units in inventory right now, I 


mean do you have to work, still work those three units down? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Yes we still have them. 
<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay, thank you. 



Operator 

Our next question comes from Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks. Good morning Jim and Steve. Can you talk about how you are doing relative to your 
goals for sales force training and growing the sales force in the dental business? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well I think we've told you in past calls that we are somewhat limited to the number we can train, 
and that number is somewhere between 120 and 140 a year, and we are on a pace right now of around 120 in the dental. 
And that's really where we concentrate our growth effort from, as it has to come internally because acquisitions are few 
and far between in the dental world. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, and then on – just a question on CEREC inventory, I mean has the boosted inventory 
largely been completed or if demand is – are you still adding to your inventory, and the context is could that continue to 
impact cash over the next couple of quarters? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No I don't think so. I think you should see that inventory level off and start to go down here in the 
second and third quarters. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, and on, in the Vet segment, you talked about the impact from Merial, is it fair to anticipate 
that you'll continue to have some margin impact there over the next few quarters? And are there any other agency type 
issues that we should think about now and in the future? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I think you will see that taper off as we move through the other quarters as the sales increase for 
the replacement products that we've taken on. And plus the new products that are in the pipeline that are due to be 
introduced into the market that we will carry. So, I think that impact will, will go away over time. 

<Q - R. Stephen Armstrong>: The other thing Steven is you've got a seasonal aspect of those agency products are flea 
and tick and heartworm. And, so we are pretty much through the northern tier heartworm season now, as well as even 
the flea and tick season. So, the third and fourth quarter, well I should say the second and third quarter; are usually 
lower quarters for the volumes of those products anyway. So, the impact would be less. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then what's your sense regarding how customers may be receiving lasers and 3D 
Conebeam equipment. I think you have some products in those categories available, what's your sense of how people 
are receiving those products? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well I think the 3D the 3D digital X-rays are being accepted very well, I think that, I think it's as 
we anticipated it's – there is a ton of interest but it's a very expensive product. And, so I think that, the sales level is 
going to be relatively small in the beginning and going to take quite a while for it to grow. I think you'll see the 
specialist that will gravitate there first at least that's what we are seeing right now, the implant people, the oral 
surgeons, and the orthodontist, and the general practitioner, I think it's going to be a slower go for the Conebeam. 

Turning to lasers, soft tissue lasers are very, very popular and sales are very robust for soft tissue lasers. We do not 
carry a hard tissue laser such as the Biolase and we don't see much demand for a hard tissue laser. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And are the Sirona products and 3D Conebeam and lasers the only products that you are carrying 
in those categories or are there other manufacturers? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No, no there are other manufacturers. Planmeca is another major player in Conebeam and we've 
got a couple of others players that we sell the Conebeam products for and we have about five or six soft tissue lasers 
that we carry. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Sirona would be one of the leading ones certainly but we have several others very popular. 


<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay and then my final question Jim and Steve, in the past you've mentioned the impact from 
repricing of GPO contracts as impacting the margin in rehab. Could you maybe just update us on that issue? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I think most of that – go ahead Jim. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Most of that is behind us. We have been, we've been able to redo those and really get out from 
under the situation that we were in before. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And there is no other reasonably sized GPO contracts coming up for renewal in the near term? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay thanks a lot. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks. Can you give us an update on the DC realignment opportunity where we are in that 
process and when you think that will start to drive some margin improvement? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well the Mount Joy facility in Pennsylvania, which was opened this past year, is the first one 
where we have all three of the businesses in it. And I think as we've stated many times these will be done over a 
relatively long period of time as leases come do and coordinate with our ability to expand the current warehouses. The 
next one you will see us do is in Dinuba, California and we will be adding on to the, that facility doubling the size 
there, and that will be the next one that we will move all three of the businesses into. And I think as we go through this 
process, you are going to see a relatively small impact over time because each one of them have only a small impact on 
the overall result of the distribution and the logistics business. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Jim I know you don't have much of a sample but how have you felt about how that's gone so far, 
and do you think the opportunity is broader to continue to do that or perhaps more narrow and confined to specific 
regions. 

<A - James Wiltz>: No I don't. I think we are very pleased with the results so far at Mount Joy. Obviously there are 
some bumps on the road anytime you move into a facility that large and change how you are doing distribution, but I 
think we are very pleased with that, and I think you will see us continue down the road to build the warehouses of that 
capacity and to move all three businesses into them. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great thanks. And then a general margin question, as you went through the segment margins 
earlier on the call, there is clearly still a big differential with, between Vet and the other two, what are your latest 
thoughts about your ability to drive Vet up closer to the other two segments? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well I think the biggest opportunity we have in Vet is obviously the one that we've talked about 
several times and it has to do with capital equipment and our ability to ramp-up our software and hardware business in 
the computer arena because the margins are much higher on those products than on injectables and in the 
pharmaceuticals that we have to carry. And so we have to grow the other parts of our business which I think we 
reported to-date 31% growth in the capital equipment at Webster, which is where the future is for us in that software 
and equipment business. And it's obviously software is a very high margin business and the support that goes along 
with that over time is an important piece of our, particularly in our Dental business. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: John, if I could jump in here. I think one of the things you have to be careful of is that, 
Webster well even if you back and look at Dental, Dental historically got a lot of its margin expansion, operating 
margin expansion from its leverage over time. Vet is going to be no different. Vet is also making investments. So we 
could jump those margins up if you want us to not make any further investments in the business, but we think asking 
each of those businesses right now to give us about 50 basis points on an annual basis in their operating margin 


expansion gives us a good balance between a return and increase and what we need to continue to invest in those 
businesses whether it's in sales force expansion, in new offices, in new products and programs whatever it happens to 
be. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great, thanks. Just one last question, can you give us an update on how you are feeling about your 
three segment sales forces and the productivity that you are seeing out of those groups and perhaps the sales force 
numbers in Dental and Vet, I think you gave us the Medical one already? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yeah, we gave you the Medical around 200. We've got the other numbers here Steve. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Sales force in Vet it is standing at 181 at the end of the quarter and Dental is at – bear 
with me I have to do some quick math, slightly over about 1,520. 

<A - James Wiltz>: I think we feel – we obviously have been pushing a little harder on the Dental side. I think you 
will see those numbers over the next two or three quarters increase a little bit better than they have over the past three 
quarters. Vet I think we are growing it quite nicely. Medical we have obviously made a big investment there by adding 
over 45 people last year. We are continuing to add people in Medical at a very rapid pace. A lot of the ones in Medical 
have come through the acquisition of these local distributors. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson with Robert Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Hey guys, two follow-up questions here. Steve am I hearing you correctly then dental sales 
force was down about 30 people and if I am correct there why would that be? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I don't think it's down Jeff. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: I thought I had 1,547 last quarter but that could be just an error on my part. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Oh I am looking year-over-year. Yes, we are down about yeah 12, 13 people and that's 
just a seasonal issue. That comes and goes. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay, so nothing to point to specifically there? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: No. 

<A - James Wiltz>: No. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: And last follow-up, we focused a lot on MC XL upgrades, and that I know the mantra we hear 
from you guys over and over in the last couple of quarters has been really we need to think more about end user 
demand for new CEREC systems. Any commentary there on what you are seeing if there is still thoughts that over the 
next year or two that could pick up somewhat? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I think we will see it pick up dramatically on where it's been over the last 4 quarters Jeff. It's, we 
are seeing signs of that right now and I think that will accelerate through quarters 2, 3 and 4 to get back to the growth 
levels that we were looking at 2 years ago. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay and that's mainly driven by MC XL, mainly driven by what Jim? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well MC XL certainly is going to help drive that. The biggest change though is in the software 
Jeff. So, the acquisition unit software is so much easier to use and as we get that in front of new prospects, I think that 
we will dramatically increase the pace of new users. Now, I will have to add a caveat that there is still some effect of 
E4D not hitting the market yet, but obviously when it's a $100,000 purchase the doctors would like to look at 
everything available and we still have a ghost unit out there. 


<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: And with CEREC revenues down 15 to 20% over a few of the last few quarters, is it fair to 
think of that then as the same volume declines we've seen? So, the revenue dollars kind of track the volumes I would 
assume? 

<A - James Wilts>: Yes, I think that's a fair statement. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah, all right that's all I have got guys. Thanks. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Okay Jeff. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Can you tell us when the – is there a Board meeting scheduled, when the next one is? 

<A - James Wiltz>: The next board meeting is September 10th. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: September 10th, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Alan Mitrani with Sylvan Lake Asset Management. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Hi, thank you. Can you remind us what the Board's authorization is for stock repurchase and 
what your plans are for this coming year? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Alan, good to hear from you again. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Thank you. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: We've got about 6 million authorization; that's a 5-year authorization I think with 4 
years to run on it. I think now that the ESOP issue is out of the way, Alan, we'll probably get back into the market a 
little bit more from a corporate perspective, try to keep some of the existing dilution out. As far as becoming more 
aggressive that authorization is not intended to try to, what I will call change the capitalization of the business. If we do 
something there, it would be on a separate program altogether. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Okay, and then – thank you, I appreciate that. Also could you talk a bit about, I mean it's a bigger 
question, but they changed the rules in New York a couple of years ago at least the New York State in terms of students 
needing to do like a one year general practice residency as well as other states, some of the funding got cut for 
specialists and now you are paying to go to school instead of being able to get paid to go to school. Can you see has 
that impacted your business at all in terms of students coming in apprenticing for longer and getting bigger practices 
and having the practices either buy fewer machines or were less willing to put as much capital to work because they 
have to deal with the more junior dentists coming on? 

<A - James Wiltz>: The short answer is no. We haven't seen an impact on our business. I think that, I think that in 
general that's probably not widespread across all the US. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: You don't anticipate further changes going on in different states with more what's called 5th-year 
general practice residencies or anything like that? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No I really don't. Most of those are elective right now. Most of the students that are participating 
in most of states in that type of a program are electing to do so. It's not required. 


<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Okay, and then earlier on in your comments, I think it was Jim or Steve, sorry I forget which one, 
but you talked about how going through the year and as CEREC ramps up the upgrade products, you felt you would get 
back to more normal or historical Patterson growth rates or Patterson return rates. Could you just remind us what those 
are in your minds, what are you shooting for? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I think we are looking for somewhere around the 20% range for growth for CEREC on a going 
forward basis. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: I was talking about overall really for Patterson? I thought you were referring to Patterson 
corporate that you were going to get back to more historical levels? 

<A - James Wiltz>: We are looking for a 10% growth rate on the top line for the entire company. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: The 10% revenues translating into what 15 plus percent earnings? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: And you feel you are on track to do that this coming year? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes we do. 

<Q - Alan Mitrani>: Excellent, thank you. 

Operator 

This does conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to management for their 
concluding remarks. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

I would like to thank you all for your interest today and hopefully you will be joining us for our second quarter call and 
we appreciate your participation. And thank you very much. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Patterson Company's First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. If you would 
like to listen to a replay of this call, you may do so by dialing 303-590-3000 and entering pass code 11095621 followed 
by the pound sign. Once again, if you would like to listen to a replay of this call one is available at 303-590-3000 and 
the pass code is 11095621 followed by the pound sign. Thank you for using AT&T. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


