Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Patterson Companies Second 
Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. At this time, all participant lines are muted. Following the formal presentation, instructions 
will be given for the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being 
recorded, Wednesday, November the 22nd of 2006. I would now like to turn the conference over to James Wiltz, 
President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead sir. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Good morning and thanks for participating in our second quarter conference call. Joining me today is Steve 
Armstrong, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will be pleased to take your questions at the 
conclusion of our remarks. 

As Regulation FD prohibits us from providing investors with any earnings guidance unless we release that information 
simultaneously, we have included financial guidance for the third quarter of fiscal 2007 in this morning's earnings 
release. Our guidance is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause Patterson's actual results to vary 
from our forecast. These risks and uncertainties are disclosed in detail on our Annual Report on Form 10-K and on 
other SEC filings and we urge you to review this material. As an editorial note to my comments, references to years 
will be to our fiscal years unless otherwise indicated. 

Turning now to our second quarter results; consolidated sales rose 8% to $694.3 million. Substantially, all of 
Patterson's second quarter sales were internally generated. Second quarter net income came to 48.2 million or $0.35 per 
diluted share. Our second quarter earnings included after-tax stock compensation expense of approximately 1.6 million 
or $0.01 per diluted share. We are estimating a similar impact from stock compensation expense in each of the two 
remaining quarters of 2007. 

Now, for the next few minutes I will briefly review the performances of our three business units. Patterson Dental, our 
largest business, performed at a relatively high level in this year's second quarter, with sales growth of 7% to more than 
512 million. Consumable dental supplies, basic dental equipment, and digital radiography systems and related software, 
all posted solid year-over-year sales growth, but as we anticipated, sales of CEREC systems were down from the 
year-earlier level. CEREC is continuing to make a substantial contribution to our equipment business but during the 
past several quarters we have not been successful in growing the sales of this product category. We are not overly 
concerned about this lull in CEREC sales growth. Based on our conviction that CEREC's advanced CAD/CAM 
technology represents the future of dental restorative procedures, we remain confident that CEREC systems can 
eventually penetrate upwards of 50% of all general practitioners, compared to the current penetration level of 5 to 10%. 
We believe the market forces that have been driving our overall equipment business in recent years remain fully intact, 
with dentists investing in equipment that strengthens productivity, offers increased revenue opportunities, and provides 
their offices with a state-of-the-art appearance. 


Now turning to Webster; sales of our Veterinary Supply unit increased 15% in the second quarter of 2007to 95.4 
million. Excluding the December 2005 acquisition of Intra Corp, the developer and marketer of IntraVet veterinary 
practice management software, Webster's sales were up a strong 13%. While Webster's performance continued to 
benefit from the expansion of its geographic footprint through targeted acquisitions and internal startup, most of its 
second quarter growth was generated by its core business. In addition, Webster's strategic emphasis on veterinary 
equipment paid further dividends in the second quarter as equipment sales rose more than 100% from the prior year's 
level. The IntraVet practice management software line generated a portion of this strong equipment growth. All in all, 
we are very encouraged by the ongoing prospects of our veterinary business. 

Patterson Medical, our rehabilitation supply and equipment unit, also posted double digit growth, with sales rising 10% 
in the second quarter to 86.7 million. This marks Patterson Medical's second consecutive quarter of solid sales growth, 
making us believe this unit is starting to respond to the strategies implemented by its new management team. Taken as 
a whole, these strategies are focused on deploying a more extensive value-added business model, led first and foremost 
by an expanded sales force. As many of you know, we are establishing a number of full-service branch offices in 
selected markets. In June, we acquired our first such location through the acquisition of a full-service dental distributor 
in the New York market. This acquisition was strategically important for the additional reason that it gave us access to 
premium equipment lines that historically were unavailable to Patterson Medical. Then, in the second quarter, we 
opened a full-service branch in Chicago. We expect to open or acquire additional branch offices in fiscal 2007. At the 
same time, Patterson Medical plans to start rolling out our eMAGINE electronic order entry system to its customers 
late this year or early in 2008. This rollout will mark another key step in the process of implementing our value-added 
model. We believe Patterson Medical is heading in the right direction towards attaining its full potential in the large and 
growing rehabilitation market. 

One last item I want to briefly discuss is the issue of the operating expenses. Excluding the impact of stock 
compensation expense, our operating leverage improved by 40 basis points from last year. Although more work 
remains, we believe we are getting a much better handle on operating costs, and we intend to maintain our focus on 
expense management going forward. The solid performance of these three businesses, combined with the positive 
impact of improved expense control, enabled Patterson to post good second quarter operating results. 

Going forward, we believe the difference between a good quarter and an exceptional quarter may depend in large 
measure on the performance of our CEREC product. We remain confident in this product and believe CEREC sales 
momentum should gradually build up in coming periods. For this reason, we believe Patterson's performance should 
start returning to our historic norms as we move ahead. 

Turning now to the financial guidance contained in this morning's release; we are forecasting earnings of 43 to 45 cents 
per diluted share for the third quarter of fiscal 2007 ending January 27, 2007. This guidance incorporates stock option 
expense of approximately $0.01 per diluted share. 

Thank you. Now, Steve Armstrong will review some highlights from our second quarter results. Steve? 

R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Treasurer 
Thank you Jim. I want to begin with a point of clarification about our revenue growth both in this quarter and through 
the end of our fiscal year. In the second quarter of last year, we completed the acquisition of Accu-Bite dental supply in 
early September. Accu-Bite consisted of both a field sales organization and a telemarketing group. We have now 
integrated the field sales portion of that business into our existing operations. At the end of fiscal 2006, we closed the 
telemarketing portion of Accu-Bite and moved as much of that business as possible into our field organization. As 
expected, much of the sales volume associated with the telemarketing operations went to dental suppliers who 
approached the market with a low-price model. We estimate that in this year's second quarter the closing of the 
telemarketing operation, which was partially offset by the integration of the field sales business, caused revenue growth 
to be negatively affected by approximately 1 percentage point. This negative impact will approximate 2 percentage 


points in each of the remaining quarters of the fiscal year. 

Turning now to gross margins; the Dental segment margins improved 30 basis points year-over-year. This result 
included the negative impact of the 2.9% financing promotion on CEREC that was in effect throughout the quarter. The 
gross margins of our Veterinary segment also improved by 30 basis points in the quarter due to the sales growth of 
equipment and software which carry higher margins than consumables. Gross margins at Patterson Medical declined 
nearly 3 percentage points. As we discussed during our last conference call, Patterson Medical's newly hired sales 
representatives have been given some short-term latitude to establish their books of business through discretionary 
discounting. This latitude will be phased out as these new representatives meet their sales targets. Another factor 
contributing to the margin decline at the Medical segment has been compaction resulting from the fixed priced 
contracts with large group customers. Price increases from our vendors have been substantially higher during this year 
than in the prior years, due principally to increases in their raw material costs. As these fixed priced contracts come up 
for renewal over the next few months, we would expect to mitigate most of this margin compaction. 

As I discuss our operating expenses and operating margin, I will be referring to the results that exclude the stock 
compensation expense resulting from the adoption of FAS Statement 123R so that comparisons are consistent between 
periods. You'll find a reconciliation of the impact of 123R included in the press release we issued earlier today. 

Each of the business segments improved their operating leverage during the second quarter. In addition to the expense 
control that Jim mentioned earlier, we are starting to see the planned leverage related to the shared service initiatives 
that we have been pursuing in distribution, information systems, and other back room functions. For example, during 
this current quarter, we closed the medical distribution center in Chicago and moved those operations to our new 
Eastern Pennsylvania distribution site. As you may recall, we are combining three individual dental, veterinary, and 
medical DCs into this new Pennsylvania site. To date, we have relocated the dental and medical operations to this site 
and a veterinary distribution center will be combined there later this fiscal year. 

In summary, we would expect to see additional improvement in our operating leverage through the second half of the 
year as all of our initiatives continue. For the quarter, the Dental and Veterinary segments improved operating profit to 
11.9% and 5.5% respectively. I will repeat that; Dental was 11.9, Medical – or Veterinary was 5.5. The operating profit 
at Medical declined to 15.9% for the quarter. As we have stated previously fiscal 2007 is a year of investment at 
Patterson Medical and their performance metrics will reflect the impact of those efforts. 

Looking now to our cash flow; we generated $30 million from operations in the quarter compared to 38 million in the 
prior year. We announced earlier in the quarter that we were investing an additional $105 million in our employee stock 
ownership plan and that those funds would be used by the plan to purchase shares of the company's common stock in 
the open market. You will see that $105 million reflected in the financing section of the cash flow statement. To date, 
the stock purchase activity is nearly complete and should result in the plan acquiring 3.1 million to 3.2 million shares. 
During the quarter, approximately 2.2 million shares were purchased fairly ratably from mid September to the end of 
the quarter. These shares will be excluded from the earnings per share calculation until they're allocated by the plan. 
We anticipate that the allocation of the shares will begin in fiscal 2012 and will take place over an estimated 10 to 
15-year period. 

I also want to mention at this time that we will require – we'll retire $70 million of fixed rate debt later this month when 
it matures. Inventories came down during the quarter as both the Dental and Medical segment inventories were worked 
down after the relocations into the Eastern Pennsylvania site. Our DSOs stood at 48 which is comparable to the prior 
year. 

With that, I'll turn it back to the conference operator who will poll you for your questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yeah. Hey guys. Just a couple of quick questions. My first question is on CEREC. Jim, in 
your prepared remarks you suggested that CEREC could return to historical norms. Do you mean in terms of the sales 


growth per quarter or do you mean the revenue growth as a percentage basis per quarter? And then, could you give us 
any sense for the magnitude of how weak the sales are year-over-year? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Answer to the first question is, we think we can get back to the historic percentage growth. If I 


understand your question properly Glen. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yeah. That was it. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Second one, I am not sure that I know the number. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: 11%, Glen. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: That's down 11%, Steve. Thanks. And then, just on the Medical business, I mean obviously 


this is a year of investment. Would you expect the margins to kind of be down, a similar basis for the next couple of 


quarters and then start to ramp back up after that? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: The answer is, yes. This might be the bottom of that. It will sort of depend on how 
quickly and how much success we have with these GPO fixed rate contracts, as we renegotiate those. But as we told 
you, we expect their metrics at Medical to be down this year. I don't know that it would be any more severe than it was 
in this quarter. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: And then, I know you guys had been holding off on acquisitions in that division until the 
operations were up to par. Are you almost at a point where you think you can start to do acquisitions in the Medical 
business? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Oh, yeah. We've been pretty actively pursuing for the last four or five months there. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. And then just in my last question for Steve. You said you are retiring 70 million of 
fixed debt; could you give us the interest rate on that? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Right of the top off my head I am going to say it's about 3.14. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: With my able bodied assistant here. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Thank you so much. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I was going to say 1.3. It's 1.4. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. Thank you so much. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Lisa Gill>: Thanks very much and good morning. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Good morning, Lisa. 
<Q - Lisa Gill>: I was wondering if I could follow-up on CEREC and perhaps if you could just talk about why you 


anticipate that there will be re-acceleration from a sales perspective; what gives you that insight? And then secondly, 
when you talk about 50% penetration, what timeframe are you looking at? 


<A - James Wiltz>: I think, we are talking about over the next ten years timeframe to get to that 50% level. We think 
nothing has changed as far as CEREC is concerned, as far as the viability of the marketplace and the modality that it 
represents and so we think long-term that we will get back to the levels we were at historically. I think there are several 
reasons for the current stagnation of the sales number. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Maybe you can walk through what those current reasons are? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think one thing is that there has been a lot of noise in the marketplace about a competitive 
product coming on the market. I think we have a lot of customers waiting to see that product and I couldn't understand 
that if I were going to make a hundred thousand dollar investment, I guess I would like to see everything available in 
the market. I think that's probably the biggest factor. I think the other thing is that we are currently selling a product 
that's almost three years old and model-wise hasn't change very much. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay, great and then just secondly, if you can maybe talk about acquisition opportunities on the 
Veterinary side, and if you would ever think about expanding into the production side of the Veterinary business? 

<A - James Wiltz>: The answer to number two, first. No, we are not interested in the production side of that business. 
Acquisition, we are – there are certainly some companies out there we are very interested in acquiring. Unfortunately, 
because of the activity in the public market most of the owners think that their businesses are worth considerably more 
than they really are in our opinion. So, acquisition has been somewhat difficult in that segment of the business. So, we 
have concentrated primarily on greenfield, on opening our own operations, and most recently in Southern California 
and currently looking to Northern California. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Great. Thanks very much for the comments. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Thanks Lisa. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Veal with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 

<Q - David Veal>: Hi, thanks. Hey, I was just wondering if you can address, it seems like the growth in CEREC has 
been a little bit frustrating just given the aggressive promotion that was out there. I wonder if you could sort of speak to 
why that might be? And then secondly one for Steve; Steve I was just wondering what the – what's in the other assets 
bucket on the balance sheet, it seem like that ticked up sequentially fairly meaningfully? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, David I really just answered that CEREC question, but I will go through it again. I think 
there are a lot of customers out there waiting for the introduction of the competitive product to come on the 
marketplace. And secondly, the current product that we are selling is about three years old now. There have been no 
changes to speak of with that product for the past three years. 

<Q - David Veal>: Okay. Thanks. And Steve? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: The other asset category, the click-up in this quarter David was due to the [inaudible] 
financing contracts that we issued on CEREC. That was also why the second quarter cash flow was a little less than last 
year. We are going to hang on to those contracts as opposed to liquidating them and probably carry them out to the 
maturity. We'll sort of treat those contracts as a cash investment, if you will. We carry excess cash on the balance sheet 
and we'll just treat that as an investment. And so, those will be down there for a number of quarters here going forward 
working their way back-off again. We'll add a little bit more – the promotion actually ended at the end of October, 
which was the second quarter but the customer could still take delivery up through the end of this week and qualify 
under that promotion as long as their application was in. So we'll have some more contracts under that promotion into 
the early part of the third quarter here but rather than going through the exercise of moving those in to the finance 
portfolio and some of the difficulty they caused with the lowering our overall performance in the portfolio we decided 
to hang on to them as long as we had the flexibility to do that. 


<Q - David Veal>: Sounds great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you, good morning, Jim and Steve. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Hi, Derek. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Good morning. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Can we just talk a little more about the Dental Equipment segment and give us some additional 


color on what's going on there? I mean it seems like you had some pretty strong growth in some of the other products 
excluding CEREC, maybe we could separate the two; so we get a better idea how the Equipment business has turned 
around. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, we really had good growth in all segments except CEREC. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: And do you care to flesh that out a little bit, Jim or? 
<A - James Wiltz>: I don't care to break it down much further than that, I don't believe. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. 
<A - James Wiltz>: All other segments would include Basic Equipment, Digital Products, and Software Products. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: And is it fair to say that business has been fairly stable now? I mean, is it facing easier 


comparisons? How should we think about the growth rate in Equipment as we look ahead to next year? 


<A - James Wiltz>: We see nothing changing there; we think that the growth will continue at the levels it's currently 
at. We are coming up on some somewhat easier comparables than we had a year ago. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: All right. And just looking at next year how important is CEREC to your operating goals? I 


mean it seems to me that you're trying to get back to that 15 to 20% EPS growth rate level and I wonder how important 


is CEREC to that objective? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, I truly do believe that going forward that the difference 
between a good quarter and a great quarter is going to be CEREC sales. 


<Q - Derek Leckow>: So, you're at – you are saying that it's pretty important to next year's – if we look at next year, 


just trying to get a gauge how important that is to the overall? 
<A - James Wiltz>: It is, it has became very important. It's a large product segment for us. It affects us in several 
different areas and it's critical that we keep our growth there at a historic level. 


<Q - Derek Leckow>: And have you been in touch with Sirona yet in terms of their product evolution plans? I know 
they have got some products, both in – in terms of their basic chairs and so forth, are you going to be talking about any 
of those new products at this time? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No, not currently. We are not prepared to talk about any of the new stuff just yet. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Okay, Derek. 


Operator 


Next question comes from Suey Wong with Robert Baird. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Suey Wong>: Thank you. Jim, I can understand how dentists are kind of sitting on their hands here waiting for 
the E4D system to come out to compare. Do you anticipate putting any kind of special promotions in the field to help 

incent the sales force to move CEREC or any other special programs along the lines of financing or product giveaways 
et cetera? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Well, we have had promotions all along here, Suey. Unfortunately, we have trained the customer 

as I said in many of the past conference calls, to buy on promotion. So, we have continued promoting the product 
heavily. We just had a finance promotion that went off the end of October, which really carried through till actually 
today. Today is the last day that they must take delivery of the product to participate in that, and we currently have a 
rebate offer out there in the field available to customers that are purchasing. 

<Q - Suey Wong>: So, you don't – I take it that you don't plan on putting anything to incent the sales force to try to 
move more product? 
<A - James Wiltz>: I think the sales force has plenty of incentive right now Suey. 
<Q - Suey Wong>: Okay. 
<A - James Wiltz>: They are paid pretty handsomely to sell that product. 


<Q - Suey Wong>: Do the – can [inaudible] still get a kind of kicker for referring someone, referring a CEREC sale? 
<A - James Wiltz>: It's not really a kicker Suey; it's been there since day one. They get a portion of the commission 
off of the CEREC sale. 


<Q - Suey Wong>: Okay, but nothing more than that? 
<A - James Wiltz>: No, it hasn't changed since day one. 
<Q - Suey Wong>: Okay. And then just lastly, have you seen any kind impact from dental supply distributor 


consolidation here in the U.S? 
<A - James Wiltz>: I don't think anything I'd care to comment on just yet. I think it's too early on in the game Suey. 
<Q - Suey Wong>: Okay, great thanks Jim. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 


Operator 

The next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Jim or Steve, is the Medical business a 5% grower going forward or is it a closer to the 
10% number you reported? 
<A - James Wiltz>: We're looking for double-digit growth out of Medical going forward, Bob. 
<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. And did you raise pricing on consumables in the quarter, in the Dental arena? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Nothing significantly no. We routinely pass on any increases from the manufacturer but to my 


knowledge it was nothing out of the ordinary during the quarter. 
<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Is there any effort in the second half on that front that you will look to raise pricing? 
<A - James Wiltz>: I don't think anything out of the ordinary. 



<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Bob, we get most of our price increases from our vendors during this part of – this time 
of the year, historically. I think publicly Dent Supply, in fact, at the end of the first quarter, Dent Supply price increases 
had already started to be published. So, we're routinely adjusting our pricing book more actively this time of the year, 
but as Jim said, throughout the year. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. And why does, Steve, why does the debt reduction make sense here, you are not 
terribly levered here – why not throw 70 million into the share repurchase and refinance the debt? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Well, when we put the debt program in place, Bob, this piece matured in its, in the 
normal course, three years after we put that original deal back or in place back in 2003. We are currently investigating 
our entire capitalization upon the completion of the ESOP transaction. So, we may do something again in the debt 
market but we didn't really have much choice on the 70 million that was due and payable, so we will pay it off. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. And just lastly, the tax rate was a bit lower than what I thought. You know, what are 
you modeling for the second half of the year? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: The tax rate is a booger to talk about anymore these days. Basically, we're still looking 
at about a 37.1% what I will call average rate. The problem we get into in the environment that we're in today is that if 
we have any kind of tax settlements, if we have to adjust our tax reserves as a result of those settlements, if we get an 
unusual assessment that we weren't predicting, we have to flush those through the quarters. And so, the rate bounces up 
and down a little bit as we take care of that activity, Bob. The third factor or the second factor that pulls it off what I 
would refer to as a predictable rate is this whole stock compensation accounting because a lot of that is not tax – you 
can't tax effect it through the accounting of it. So, we end up with a little more volatility in our rate. I would advise if 
you're trying to model it do 37.1%. It's going to be above and below that, you know, modestly. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks. Jim, I am just wondering another few questions on CEREC and the promotion but you 
have mentioned – you articulated some perspectives about the value of promotions and I was just wondering if you can 
maybe update us on how you view promotions in general and how you view that specific promotion in terms of its 
success. 

<A - James Wiltz>: First of all, anytime we have an exclusive on a product, marketing the product and promoting the 
product ought to be two totally separate things. Unfortunately over the years, I think we have moved to a point where 
we kind of mix marketing with promoting of the CEREC product. And my point that I was trying to make earlier was 
that we have trained the customer over the past two or three years that if they wait long enough we are going to have a 
promotion available to them and so it would behooves them to wait until we have a promotion out there to buy the 
piece of equipment. And I think that's our fault and I think we have trained the customer to react that way. So my point 
was, we have continued to do these promotions and we will continue and unfortunately we are caught in a trap that I 
don't believe we can get out of. I think that it somewhat may change when the competitive product hits the marketplace 
and we are really comparing products and not just comparing what's this promotion compared to the last one. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. Fair enough. And then just moving on to the Vet business, Jim, can you remind us where 
you think that equipment can go in terms of total percentage contribution to the business and, you know, perhaps the 
timeframe to get there? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think over time and I will put that timeframe out there as somewhere probably in the next 
five to seven years that there is no reason in my mind why Veterinary can't produce the same percentage of total sales 
and capital goods that Dental does, which currently is somewhere around the 30% number. 


<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. Fair enough. And then just one financial question, Steve, the – in terms of the share count, 
in terms of modeling it, is it fair to say, it should go down sequentially with the share buyback related to the ESOP? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yes, sir. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: And can you quantify maybe how much or...? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: It's going to be – no, I can't for you. The difficulty is going to be is that we don't have 
all of the shares purchased at a point in time, so it averages in, probably would have two thirds of the impact in the third 
quarter by the time you get it into the averages. So, if – I told you this morning that we are going to buyback between 

3.1 and 3.2 shares; it looks like right now, million shares. So about two thirds of that would be averaged in in the third 
quarter. And then it should all be in the average for the fourth quarter. 
<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: That help? 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Yes. Thanks a lot. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: You bet. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Lynn Siewert with Raymond James Financial. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Lynn Siewert>: Thank you. Steve, I want to ask a question about the sales force. You mentioned that your 
expense on ramping up or integrating sales force for this last quarter. Is that pretty much completed now or are you still 
in the process of running that kind of an expense? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think we have the bowling ball through the snake, so to speak at this point. We added a 
large number of them at one point in time, which would have been in the last quarter of last year and the first quarter of 
this year. With the expense still affecting us into the second quarter, we will continue to add to that sales force. 
Speaking now primarily about Medical and we will continue to add, but it won't be at the same rate that you saw us add 
in that fourth quarter of prior year. 

<Q - Lynn Siewert>: What percentage of the sales force was it then and what do you see going forward as far as your 
new additions? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, our goal has always been at Medical to double that sales force every three years. So, if we 
keep that number in mind- unfortunately we had gotten to the point 18 months ago where our growth went to zero. We 
were adding sales reps, but they were simply replacing weak sales people. And so, in the fourth quarter of last year we 
added about 25 sales reps, almost all in the quarter, which was a very large number for us. Normally it would have been 
only about a third that amount in the quarter. And we don't see that repeating, but we will continue to add and grow that 
sales force with a goal continuing to be doubling every three years. 

<Q - Lynn Siewert>: Okay, thank you. And one last question to add that on to your explanation of the ESOP purchase. 
You said you are predominantly, what three quarters they way finished with the purchase for ESOP? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: No, no, well beyond – better than 90% at this point Lynn as of today. 

<Q - Lynn Siewert>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Matthew Buten, Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Matthew Buten>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up a bit more on the Equipment side, 
maybe if you could sort of remove CEREC and talk more about the market for just the basic and for the higher tech 
equipment? What are you seeing in terms of market growth there and maybe can you comment on how you guys are 
doing relative to that market growth? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, there are two main pieces in the part that you are talking about that we consider Digital, 
would be one of the more what you consider Digital X-ray and of course our software and computer hardware business. 
That piece of business we see growing in the high teens, low twenties. We think that will continue for the foreseeable 
future simply because it is still the number one product that's on every practitioner's mind as far as acquisition. The 
second piece is the core Dental Equipment; and really we will continue to see that in the low-double digits, it's our 
opinion that we'll see that in the low teens growth continue there. We don't see anything changing as far as the need to 
keep increasing their ability to increase productivity in their dental practices and that's one of the biggest ways they can 
do to it is to keep updating their shops. 

<Q - Matthew Buten>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from [inaudible]. Please go ahead. 
<Q>: Hi, did you give the level of CEREC sales for the quarter? 
<A - James Wiltz>: No, we did not. 
<Q>: Okay. You don't disclose that. 
<A - James Wiltz>: We don't break that out separately. No. 
<Q>: And than did you give the amount of receivables associated with the low cost financing? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: It was for the quarter we did not, I don't mind giving it to you, it's about $25 million. 
<Q>: Is that for the quarter or is that cumulative on the balance sheet? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: That was cumulative for the quarter to the end of quarter. 
<Q>: Okay, and then what's the term on that? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Most of those contracts are written for 60 months. 
<Q>: Okay. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Some will pay out earlier. I doubt many of these will pay out earlier but that's the 


choice of the customer, not ours. 
<Q>: Okay. And those are in long-term receivables? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, that the – anything beyond 12 months would be down in the other category. 
<Q>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: You bet. 


Operator 

Gentlemen there are not further questions in the queue. Please continue with any closing remarks you may have. 


James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, we appreciate everybody joining us today. We know it's a busy time of the year for most folks and we appreciate 
it. Hope you all have a very happy Thanksgiving and a safe and joyous holiday season. And we'll see you next year. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude Patterson Companies Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. If you 
would like to listen to a replay of this call, you may do so by dialing 303-590-3000 and entering pass code 11076446 
followed by the pound sign. Once again for replay of the call the dial in number is 303-590-3000 and pass code 
11076446 followed by the pound sign. You may now disconnect and thank you for using AT&T Teleconferencing. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


