Q4 2007 Earnings Call 


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Patterson Companies Earnings 
Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are muted. Following the formal presentation, 
instructions will be given for the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is 
being recorded, Thursday, May 24, 2007. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to James Wiltz, President and CEO. Please go ahead sir. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Eric. Good morning and thanks for participating in our fourth quarter conference call. Joining me today is 
Steve Armstrong, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will be pleased to take your questions 
at the conclusion of our remarks. 

As Regulation FD prohibits us from providing investors with any earnings guidance unless we release that information 
simultaneously, we have included financial guidance for the first quarter and full year of fiscal 2008 in this morning's 
earnings release. Our guidance is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause Patterson's actual 
results to vary from our forecast. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in detail in our Annual Report on Form 
10-K and other SEC filings. We urge you to review this material. As an editorial note to my comments, references to 
years will be to our fiscal years unless otherwise indicated. 

Turning now to our fourth quarter results, consolidated sales rose 6% to 739.1 million. On a comparable basis, which 
excludes the telemarketing operation of the former Accu-Bite business that was closed in early May of 2006, 
consolidated sales increased approximately 8%. We are generally pleased with the sales for this period, which were 
consistent with our expectations. 

Fourth quarter net income increased 6% to 59 million or $0.44 per diluted share. Our earnings for this period 
incorporated stock compensation expense of approximately $0.01 per diluted share. 

As we mentioned in this morning's release, fourth quarter earnings were affected by a reduction in our dental gross 
margin due primarily to under-planned sales for the quarter of software. We view this under-planned performance of 
dental software sales as a short-term situation. 

For full year 2007, consolidated sales increased 7% to 2.8 billion from 2.6 billion in 2006, while net income of 208.3 
million or $1.51 per diluted share was up 5% from 198.4 million or $1.43 per share in 2006. Our 2007 earnings include 
a stock compensation expense of approximately $0.05 per diluted share. 

Now for the next few minutes I will briefly review our fourth quarter results. 

Total sales of Patterson Dental, our largest business, generally met our expectations, based by solid sales growth of 
consumable supplies and a rebound in sales of basic dental equipment including digital radiography. Sales of basic 
equipment rose a stronger-than-anticipated 13% year-over-year. As expected, fourth quarter CEREC sales were down 
on a year over year basis as we transitioned into the marketplace several important enhancements to this system that 
CEREC's manufacturer Sirona introduced late in our third quarter. Sirona significantly improved CEREC software, 
making it much easier to design highly aesthetic and precise restorations, while also greatly streamlining the system's 
learning curve. 


In addition, a much faster and more robust milling unit was introduced as an option on new installations, as well as an 
upgrade to all existing CEREC users. These enhancements, which take CEREC to a new level of performance, 
represent a significant advancement in dental CAD/CAM technology and customer interest has been encouraging. The 
process of transitioning to these upgraded features is still underway, but could continue to affect CEREC sales in this 
year's first quarter. We are very optimistic about the future of the upgraded CEREC line and believe sales should 
strengthen as we progress through fiscal 2008. 

Turning now to Webster. Sales of our veterinary supply unit increased 13% in the fourth quarter to 109.7 million. 
Webster's core consumable supply business continued to perform at a high level during this period. In addition, 
Webster benefited from a 60% increase in sales of equipment and IntraVet practice management software. Webster's 
strategic emphasis on expanding its value-added platform, which encompasses its equipment and software initiatives, is 
clearly starting to pay dividends. 

Patterson Medical, our rehabilitation supply and equipment unit, posted fourth quarter sales growth of 16% to 86.9 
million. Excluding the impact of three acquisitions related to the unit's branch office strategy and foreign currency 
translations, fourth quarter sales of Patterson Medical rose 8%. This marks Patterson Medical's fourth consecutive 
quarter of solid sales growth, making us believe that this unit is responding to the strategies that its management team 
has deployed. 

These strategies are aimed at implementing a more extensive value-added business model. Expanding Patterson 
Medical's sales force is one of the primary ways this is being done. During 2007, over 45 sales representatives were 
added bringing Patterson Medical's sales force to more than 170, which is the largest in the rehabilitation industry by a 
wide margin. 

As part of the effort to strengthen the unit's value-added platform, we also are establishing full service branch offices in 
selected markets through acquisition of equipment dealers and internal startups. To date, Patterson Medical has 
branches in New York, Chicago, Greensboro, San Francisco and New Orleans. Additional acquisitions and internal 
startups are under consideration. As a result of these and other strategies, we believe Patterson Medical is making solid 
progress toward attaining its full potential in the large and growing rehabilitation market. 

As we look back over 2007, the past fiscal year was a period of significant investment for Patterson. We invested in our 
distribution system to gain operating efficiencies while improving customer service at all of our businesses. Webster 
Veterinary and Patterson Medical increased their sales forces and added programs and systems to advance their value 
offerings. 

Patterson Dental made a substantial investment in the CEREC product to bridge the changeover to the enhancements 
that I discussed previously. Although these undertakings had a negative impact on our 2007 operating results, we are 
convinced that Patterson is now more strongly positioned for long-term success. For 2008, we are targeting our 
historical financial goals of revenue growth between 10 and 12% and operating margin expansion of 50 basis points. 

Turning now to the financial guidance contained in this morning's release, we are forecasting earnings of $0.34 to $0.36 
per diluted share for the first quarter of 2008 ending July 28, 2007. And for the full year of 2008, we are forecasting 
earnings of $1.73 to $1.77 per diluted share. 

Thank you. Now Steve Armstrong will review some highlights from our fourth quarter results. Steve? 

R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial 
Officer 
Thank you, Jim. 

I will begin my remarks with some comments about fourth quarter gross margins. Our consolidated gross margin 
declined by 40 basis points to 35.2% in the fourth quarter; it was 35.6% in the year earlier period. Our consolidated 
gross margin was affected by several factors. 


First, while the Dental segment margins improved 30 basis points in the quarter, they were negatively impacted by a 
lower level of software unit sales, as well as lower level of CEREC sales relative to the prior quarter. While the 
CEREC performance was generally expected, as Jim discussed earlier, the software performance was below our 
expectations and caused our margins in Dental to be lower than we had projected. 

The two primary market drivers for software sales are the ongoing digitization of the dental laboratory and the resulting 
need to add software to manage the electronic data, in addition to the need to upgrade the front-office practice 
management system to a more sophisticated solution. We believe these drivers present a good opportunity to install our 
EagleSoft brand over the next several years and we are not concerned by a one-quarter fluctuation. 

The second factor affecting our consolidated gross margin in the fourth quarter relates to the strong growth of the 
Veterinary segment and it had the lowest gross margin of our three businesses. While the Medical segment's gross 
margin decreased year over year, it did improve 50 basis points from the third quarter. This is the second consecutive 
quarter of sequential improvement, indicating that the factors that were causing the erosion earlier in the year are 
beginning to be effectively addressed. 

As I discuss our operating expenses and operating margin, I will be referring to results that exclude the stock 
compensation expense resulting from the adoption of FASB statement 123R, so that the comparisons are consistent 
between periods. 

The decline in our gross margin was offset by 40 basis points of improvement in our consolidated operating expense 
ratio to 21.9%. We continue to see the benefits of our shared services initiatives as we better leverage the backroom 
aspects of our business. Our fourth quarter operating margins by business segment were 14.4% for Dental, 14.9% for 
Medical, and 6.7% for Veterinary. 

Turning now to fourth quarter cash flow, operations generated cash were approximately 127 million for the quarter 
compared to $47 million in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, operations generated cash of $244 million 
compared to $164 million in fiscal 2006. 

We sold approximately $45 million of financed contracts in the fourth quarter that were generated during a CEREC 
promotion earlier in the year. This incremental sale of financed contracts contributed to the fourth quarter operating 
cash flow. 

Capital expenditures totaled approximately 19 million this year compared to $49 million last year. Our expenditures 
during fiscal 2007 were lower than we had planned. Although we had exercised or initiated the exercise of our purchase 
option on an additional distribution center as planned, the closing of that transaction has been extended into fiscal 2008. 

$49 million expended in fiscal 2006 included investments in a new share distribution center in Central Pennsylvania, a 
new facility for our printed office products operation, as well as a new distribution facility for Patterson Medical's UK 
operation. We have now largely completed the first phase of our distribution realignment under our shared services 
initiative and future phases of our distribution realignment are expected to require lower levels of investment in 
comparison to what we have spent over the last three years. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2008 should approximate 
$25 million, while depreciation and amortization should be about $26 million. 

Two other items of note impacting cash flow for the year include the investment of $105 million in our employee stock 
ownership plan, which was used to purchase 3.2 million shares on the open market and repayment of $120 million of 
debt. The debt retirement includes the prepayment of $30 million of bank term loans late in the fourth quarter. 

A quick review of our balance sheet ratios shows that our day sales outstanding are at 44 days compared to 47 days at 
this time last year. Inventory turns have declined to 7.2 from 7.3 a year ago. We are targeting to improve our inventory 
turns in fiscal 2008 now that we have repositioned the Medical segment's inventories in new facilities. Inventory turns 
are also expected to improve now that CEREC enhancements have been introduced. 

Thank you. I will turn it back to the conference operator who will poll you for questions. Eric? 


Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our 
first question comes from John Kreger of William Blair & Company. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Natalie Freedman>: Hi, thanks. It is Natalie Freedman in for John today. My first question is about the basic 
dental equipment growth. What do you believe led to the much stronger performance this quarter? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Natalie, I think, it's the same thing we have been talking about for the last four quarters, the matter 
of focus and getting the field sales people focus back on the core equipment issue. 

<Q - Natalie Freedman>: Okay, great. And how have the specialists and general practitioners reacted to the 3D 
imaging technology? 

<A - James Wiltz>: The new CEREC? 

<Q - Natalie Freedman>: Yeah, yes. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Okay, well. The 3D is actually old technology. What we've introduced is a new software that 
makes the process dramatically easier, but the response has been great, very good. We have had four shows now, and I 
think that it's fair to say that the profession is impressed with the new Sirona enhancements and improvements to the 
CEREC. 

<Q - Natalie Freedman>: Okay. What about some of the other new products like GALILEOS, have you seen interest 
there as well? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes, we have. It's fair early on in GALILEOS side, but its 3D X-ray in general is creating a lot of 
interest. And I think the GALILEOS is one of the leading machines around the market. 

<Q - Natalie Freedman>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Thanks very much, and good morning. Steve, I was wondering if may be you could talk about your 
expectations around the operating profit drivers. You said that you anticipated that there would be 50 basis points 
improvement over this year. Would you anticipate that gross margins are going to improve or is this going to continue 
to be taking cost out? And then just secondly, if you could just talk a little bit about the new CEREC product and the 
different price point versus where it is today and what you think will be the driver to adoption of some of the newer 
products? Thanks. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I'll take the first part of that question, Lisa, on the drivers, and I will let Jim talk about 
the CEREC pricing and the reaction there. Generally looking forward, as Jim said, we are looking for 50 basis points of 
improvement at the operating line. And I think that's – our look at it today is, it's going to be pretty traditional, maybe 
10 to 20 points coming out of the gross margin and the remainder of it coming out of the operating leverage. I think we 
started to see that operating leverage pick up through the second half of the year. We had a lot of duplication costs in 
the first half of the year, as we were repositioning the distribution system; those should go away. We got rid of some 
inefficiencies in some operations which Jim had talked about. We sold one back at the beginning of the year, had a 
group affecting the early part of last year. But, I would say it's pretty traditional, what we've talked about in the past, 10 
out of gross margin, maybe 20 out of gross margin, and then 20 or 30 to 40 out of the operating expense. 


<Q - Lisa Gill>: And if I could just ask another question on the gross margin. When we think about the gross margin, 
is this just shifting from one of your businesses to another? For example, do you anticipate that Dental and Rehab will 
grow faster than Veterinary and that will help to drive it, or is that you believe that you can get better pricing or do 
something else on the gross margin side, just so that we can understand this from a modeling perspective? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I would tell you that it is a combination of all of that, Lisa. We don't spend a great deal 
of time looking at it. I would think that the gross margin is going to be primarily mix. If we are right about CEREC, 
that's going to have a positive impact for the year in the mix. 

The other businesses, as I mentioned in my comments, Medical is starting to get their gross margin issues under 
control, and we would expect that to continue through 2008. We have to be a little bit careful, because as Webster 
grows, while their margins will improve, they are still the lower gross margin producing business of the three. And so 
that, if they tend to outpace the other two businesses, that may cause it on a consolidated basis to dilute a little bit, but I 
don't know what more color I can give you on that at this particular point, Lisa. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay. No, that's very helpful. Thank you. And Jim, any thoughts around new pricing on CEREC and 
competition? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, first of all, there is no competition, Lisa. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Not at this point, right? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Correct. The pricing of the – first of all, the acquisition unit is the same as it was before. There is 
new software in the acquisition unit today which all of the current users will also be updated to the new software 
product that belong to the CEREC Service Club at no charge. And what we would call the historic acquisition unit and 
milling chamber that we have had for the last 5 years is going to – actually has come down slightly and price to 
$89,000. And the new milling unit, which is the difference in the price between the two since the acquisition units are 
exactly the same, is approximately $15,000. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay. And talking about your competitor and their delay in coming to the market, do you think that 
that's pushing off sales in any way, a decision by dentists around this type of product? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Lisa, I think it has in the past. We believe that it may not with the new enhancements that we have 
now, with the new software and the new milling chamber, because of some of the issues that they were finding strength 
with. So, we think that we have addressed some of the issues that they were raising in the marketplace, but I don't think 
we will really know until we get through this first quarter, but I do think customers are only going to wait so long. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay great. Thanks for the detail. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Steven Postal with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Thank you and good morning, Jim and Steve. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Hey Steve, how are you? 

<Q - Steven Postal>: I just wanted to drill down I guess to start on CEREC. You mentioned that customer interest has 
been encouraging. Obviously, some of the comments from Sirona has been about I guess some manufacturing glitches 
as they termed it. Can you just maybe flush out some of your comments with some of theirs? Are you seeing some 
issues with getting the product to market and how has the customer response been in terms of getting CEREC orders 
filled? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think the customer response has been very good. I think that the problem that we are 
facing are normal in the early lifecycle of a new product, typically one as complicated as CEREC is. I spent a fair 
amount of time yesterday on the phone with the CEREC folks in Germany, Jost Fischer, and I feel very confident that 


they understand all the issues and now the fix is underway for all of them. And we had a conference call with virtually 
our entire field force of CEREC specialists and CEREC service technicians yesterday, and the issues appear to be the 
issues that Sirona understands and has the fixes underway for them. So, I feel pretty good about where we are and, I 
think by the time we get to the end of the first quarter that we should be in the mainstream of the new CEREC MC XL. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then in the context, I think Jim you said 10 to 12% revenue growth guidance. I mean 
obviously the Dental business is the majority of the company. What are the drivers there for that? Because if you look 
back, you haven't had that type of organic growth for a couple of years. Is that organic, or are you including some 
acquisitions in there? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I don't – we never really count on acquisitions in the Dental business anymore, but we do 
count on internal addition to the sales force. We train about 120 new sales reps a year, and historically we get about 
50% of that number as addition to our sales force every year. So, we are looking for an add of somewhere between 60 
to 75 sales reps internally, and that will account for a fair amount of that growth. And frankly getting our Dental 
business back on track is where we are really – really looking for that – majority of that to come from. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then on to the Medical business, Steve you mentioned that some of the gross margin 
issues there have been resolved, and I think a couple of issues that you talked about in the past are this issues with fixed 
price contract and then also allowing new sales reps to use margin to gain a book of business. Can you just may be drill 
down to those two issues, how you are dealing with them and have they fully been resolved? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Well, I think the maturation of the sales force, the longer they are in the market place, 
and if you will, the management of that process is what's causing some change there. The fixed price contracts were 
through, basically, the renewal season. That issue has been taken care of. The operation, you said they are fixed, I am 
not sure they are fixed yet, we are working on some of them yet. Medical has seen a fairly substantial impact from 
freight over the last 12 months. That's a combination of dealing with market forces as well as that organization learning 
to work with multisided distribution versus more of a single sided distribution system. So, we've got things to learn 
there. So, I think you are going to continue to see improvement. We are not done there by any means. 

<A - James Wiltz>: I would like to make a comment about the sales rep issue at Medical. I think if you look at all 
three of our businesses, the young sales people always tend to lead with price in all three of our businesses, because 
they haven't gained the confidence yet in themselves. And I think the other reason that it's come to light in Medical the 
way it has is the fact that we've added such a large number of new sales rep percentage wise into their sales force over 
the last 12 months. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then just a question on Webster, obviously, a great performance over the past year in 
that business. Jim, what would you say some of your initiatives for the next fiscal year are? Do you think you have all 
the resources and things there that the business will just keep growing nicely? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, we really do. We are very comfortable with the culture that exists at Webster, and if you 
will, the value added. They embrace the value-added model that we have at Dental. We still are just scratching the 
surface on the equipment initiative there which I think is a huge one when you consider we are the only people in the 
business that are going after their capital good side of the veterinary market. And that coupled with our new software 
platform and hardware for the software, we see some real nice growth there, as well as growing our consumable 
business quite nicely. So, and I think that, as we keep that mix of equipment growing, well, that helps our margin 
problem a bit. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: You bet. Thank you, Steven. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Virgil Willoughby, that's a new one for me. Steve, I think you mentioned a D&A in the 
neighborhood of 25 million or 26 million which doesn't reflect much of an up tick over the course of the year. I would 
have thought if the CEREC sales were ramping up, we would have seen a bit more on the amortization front? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: No, I think the D&A is – we've got a combination of things going on there. We had 
some acquisition intangibles that were being written down, that's starting to wind its way out of the numbers, and then 
you'd have the amortization coming in. That amortization, Bob, does not – I repeat, does not include the amortization of 
the CEREC contract because that's caught up in the gross margins. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Oh, really? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. So, your margin expectations of 10, 20 basis points does reflect some step-up in 
amortization? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Absolutely. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. And did you do any special promos on the basic equipment front in the past quarter 
or was this just better execution as you indicated? 

<A - James Wiltz>: We had a promo in panoramic X-ray machines, which impacted it some, but I think it's just better 
execution overall. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And just maybe lastly, I mean, you had a tremendous cash flow quarter here, yet you still 
put absolutely nothing to work here. When do we – when do you kind of speak to leverage this competitive advantage 
in the balance sheet, either from an M&A standpoint or any type of more meaningful capital structure initiatives than 
what we have seen to date? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I get to answer that one? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I will leave that to Steve. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Bob, we are looking all the time; you know that. And as I mentioned to you, I think on 
the last call, we've got some discussions underway with the Board on the capitalization, if you will, of the business. But 
we have to keep in mind that we have opportunities we are pursuing, we are trying to invest that money in the business 
before we do something more exotic with the balance sheet, and I think I'm just going to leave it at that. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Well, I guess, I could argue that a year has gone by and, Steve, and the answer hasn't really 
changed. I mean when is the Board accountable for not really living up to fiscal responsibilities of generating 
productive returns? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Bob, let me jump in there. I think that probably this next 12 months that that's going to have to be 
addressed, if we don't have significant acquisition opportunities to go to the Board with. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And in terms of your appetite for tuck-ins versus newer businesses outside, new growth 
legs, can you characterize any sentiments there? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I would say right now we are concentrating on tuck-in, Bob, would be the best way. But, we 
certainly aren't going to ignore any offer or any opportunity, excuse me, that comes down the pipe that's outside of our 
current model. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from [inaudible]. Please go ahead. 


<Q>: Hi, guys. I am in for David Veal today. Just had a quick question around CEREC, is there any chance you could 
maybe quantify what the decline was in the quarter? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Do you have that number, Steve? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah. The mathematical decline was 23%. 

<Q>: Okay. And then, on the Medical side, it seems to me that kind of the organic revenue number is around 8%. Is 
that kind of what you see longer term, even as some of these younger sales people get ramped up, kind of what's your 
perspective around that? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I think somewhere in the 8 to 9 range is what we are looking for out of that Medical group. And 
once again, that tends to be the most acquisition rich business that we are in. There are a lot of businesses out there that 
are able to – that seem to want to put themselves up for acquisition, and so we are concentrating quite heavily on 
acquisition in the Medical business, as well as trying to add organically to our sales force. 

<Q>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

At this time, I am showing no further questions in the queue. Please continue with your presentation. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay well, if there are no further questions, I would like to thank everybody for joining us today for the call. And I 
would just like to say in closing that we feel very confident in the management structure and the people changes over 
the last 18 months that have taken place and the strategies that they have employed and put in place that we feel very 
confident that we will get back on track to our historic performance that we have had in the past. And again thank you 
very much for joining us today. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Patterson Companies earnings fourth quarter 2007 conference call. If you 
would like to listen to a replay of this call, one is available by dialing 303 590 3000 and entering pass code 11090468. 
Once again the dial in number is 303 590 3000 and the pass code is 11090468, followed by the pound sign. You may 
now disconnect and we thank you for using AT&T Teleconferencing. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


