Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Glen Santangelo 
• Lisa Gill 
• Robert Willoughby 
• R. Steve Armstrong 
• Jeffrey Johnson 
• Lawrence Marsh 
• Derek Leckow 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Patterson Companies Second 
Quarter 2009 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants lines are muted. Following the formal presentation, 
instructions will be given for the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference 
is being recorded today, Thursday, November 20 of 2008. 

Now, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. James Wiltz, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning and thanks for participating in our second quarter conference call. Joining me today is Steve Armstrong, 
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will be pleased to take your questions at the conclusion 
of our remarks. 

Since Regulation FD prohibits us from providing investors with any earnings guidance unless we release that 
information simultaneously, we have included financial guidance for the third quarter of 2009 in our press release 
earlier today. Our guidance is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause Patterson's actual results 
to vary from our forecast. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in detail in our annual report on Form 10-K, and 
our other SEC filings, and we urge you to review this material. 

Turning now to our second quarter results. Consolidated sales rose 2% to 759.5 million. Earnings per diluted share 
increased to $0.40 from $0.39 in last year's second quarter. As many of you know, the additional interest expense 
associated with 525 million of long-term debt financing that we completed in last year's fourth quarter served to reduce 
our net income year-over-year in the year's first and second quarter. This impact will continue to affect the 
year-over-year comparability of our net income over the balance of 2009. 

Now I will briefly review the performance of our three business units. The second quarter operating results of our 
Patterson Dental unit were well below forecasted levels, due we believe to the impact of the economic environment on 


its business, particularly in October. Available evidence indicates that dental patients started deferring higher level as 
well as discretionary services, which largely accounted for the soft sales of consumable sales in the quarter. 

Reflecting the strengthened focus on sales of dental equipment that we initiated earlier in the year, equipment sales 
were relatively strong during this period. In fact, sales of basic dental equipment, chairs, units, power units and 
cabinetry were up 7% in the second quarter. However, much of this growth was generated by orders placed prior to the 
economic turmoil that erupted during the second quarter. We believe it is possible that continuation of challenging 
economic conditions may affect the equipment purchasing decisions of dental practitioners at least over the near term. 

I would like to emphasize that the dental market is not and never has been recession proof. However, dentistry is more 
resistant to weak economic conditions than many other businesses, and I believe this is what we are seeing with our 
current operating results. This is why we've remained solidly profitable amid today's challenging economic conditions 
although at a lower than forecasted level. It is also why we expect to remain solidly profitable during the duration of 
these recessionary conditions. 

Turing now to our veterinary and rehabilitation units, Webster Veterinary and Patterson Medical were also affected by 
the difficult economic environment, but to a lesser degree than Patterson Dental. Sales of our veterinary supply unit 
increased 14% in the second quarter to 123.6 million. 

The October 2008 acquisition of Columbus Serum Company, a full-service distributor of companion-pet veterinary 
supplies, equipment and pharmaceuticals, serving the Midwest and mid-Atlantic markets, accounted for 10 percentage 
points of Webster's second quarter sales increase. This acquisition was an important strategic investment since it 
materially strengthened Webster's geographic coverage, while improving the economies of scale of this business. The 
integration of this large and well established distributor is proceeding on schedule. 

Sales of Patterson Medical, our rehabilitation supply and equipment unit, were 99 million in this year's second quarter, 
virtually unchanged from the year earlier level. Patterson Medical's second quarter performance was adversely affected 
by the conversion to Patterson's management information systems at the start of the quarter, which caused some 
disruption to this business' operations. Issues related to this complex system transition have largely been resolved. 
Patterson Medical has made significant progress over the past two years at strengthening its operations and market 
position. 

Before turning to our financial guidance of the third quarter, I would like to discuss the expense reductions mentioned 
in this morning's release. Given our expectations of a continuation of weak economic conditions and the anticipated 
impact on Patterson's overall sales growth, we are taking steps to reduce our cost structure by a minimum of 20 to 25 
million on an annualized basis. 

The company-wide actions that we are implementing encompass a range of initiatives, including a hiring freeze, except 
in the area of sales representatives, and a wage freeze and restrictions on travel. The initial impact of these expense 
reductions will be realized in the third quarter and the full impact will be apparent in the fourth quarter. 

While it is absolutely essential to streamline our expense structure during these uncertain times, we also intend to 
continue making strategic investments in our business, supported by the forecast and continuation of strong operating 
cash flows. Strategic acquisitions are one such investment that we intend to continue pursuing. Further consolidations 
of our distribution facilities are a second investment that we plan to continue. 

Turning now to the guidance contained in this morning's release, we are forecasting earnings of $0.43 to $0.45 per 
diluted share for the third quarter ending January 24, 2009. We also have reduced our 2009 guidance to $1.73 to $1.77 
per diluted share from our previously issued full year guidance of $1.94 to $1.98 per diluted share. 

In closing, I want to say that we are taking the actions required for operating effectively in today's challenging 
economic environment, and backed by our financial resources we plan to continue pursuing a range of growth 
opportunities. Thank you. 

Now Steve Armstrong will review some highlights from our second quarter results. 


R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial 
Officer 
Thank you, Jim. I'll begin my remarks with a few comments on gross margins. Consolidated gross margins declined 60 
basis points versus our year over -- our year ago quarter, influenced by promotional activity and a strategy change 
within the Dental unit. The volatility in the interest rate markets over the past two years and the resultant impact on our 
financing business and the relatively larger contribution to consolidated results from the Veterinary unit. 

Let me provide a little more color on each of these. As we reported previously, our Dental unit now makes its practice 
management software available at no charge to its customers. While we are encouraged by the early signs of success 
that we are seeing with this approach, it does have a negative impact on our operating results in the near term. In the 
second quarter, the reduced software revenue lowered our operating margin by approximately 20 basis points. In 
addition, the Dental unit has been running a promotion on CEREC, and the cost of this program reduced gross margins 
compared to the prior year quarter. 

As you are aware, interest rates have shifted dramatically over the past 18 to 24 months. Because we provide 
equipment financing for our customers, these interest rate swings have impacted our operating performance. In the 
second quarter of last fiscal year, interest rates were declining which provided a positive benefit to our margins. There 
was downward movement in the interest rates in our current quarter but nowhere near the degree we saw in the prior 
year and this had a negative effect on margins on a comparable basis. 

The gross margin of our Veterinary segment was relatively flat in the quarter. With the acquisition of Columbus Serum, 
the Veterinary segment now represents a larger portion of consolidated results. Since this segment has lower gross 
margins of the three operating units, as it becomes a relatively larger part of our overall operation, it tends to 
mathematically dilute the consolidated gross margins. 

Gross margins at Patterson Medical improved 40 basis points for the quarter. Our consolidated operating expense ratio 
was unchanged for the quarter, as the lower rate of revenue growth prevented any leverage in the expense structure 
during the quarter. 

For the quarter, operating margins by unit were 11.7% for Dental, 14.6% for Medical and 4.4% for Veterinary. As Jim 
mentioned, our interest expense increased from the prior year due to the $525 million debt issuance earlier in the 
calendar year. In addition, our non-operating expense also increased by almost $2 million due to unfavorable currency 
exchange movements between periods. 

Looking now to our cash flow, we generated $25 million from operations in the quarter compared to 55 million in the 
prior year. Most of this difference is due to the timing of payment of taxes and accounts payable and should even itself 
out by our year end. 

Our CapEx includes the expenditures for the completion of the expansion of our California distribution center in 
addition to the cost for the expansion and renovation of our general offices. The California distribution center came 
online as our second of our centers that now fulfill for all three of our operating units. 

We are beginning the process of converting our Jacksonville, Florida, distribution center to be capable of servicing all 
three of our businesses. We are expecting to complete this project in the latter part of calendar 2009. As these larger 
distribution centers come online, several smaller centers will be retired making for a more efficient overall system. 

I also wanted to mention that we will retire $130 million of debt later this month when it matures. 

Excluding the impact from acquisitions, our accounts receivable and inventory levels decreased from the first quarter of 
the current year. Our DSO stood at 44 versus 43 a year ago and our inventory turns were 6.6 compared to 7.1 a year 
ago as we absorbed the acquired inventories of Columbus Serum. 

With that, I'll turn it back to Vince, the conference operator who will poll you for your questions. Thanks. 


Q&A 
Operator 

Thank you, sir. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is 


from the line of Glen Santangelo with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yeah, Jim and Steve, I have just a quick question regarding the consumable sales being flat. 
Is it your sense that actually some of your dental customers are actually seeing some empty chair time or you really 
think it's as one of your competitors suggested, just a reduction in the backlog of patients? What's your sense on how 
slow it's getting in the dental office? 


<A - James Wiltz>: Based on the doctors that we've talked to, most of them will tell you they are down 10 to 15% 
right now. So, that means that if they're not having empty chair time, some of the bigger procedures, crowns and 
bridges and so forth are being deferred or delayed till a later time. 


<Q - Glen Santangelo>: So, you are saying down to 10 to 15%, is that in revenues, Jim? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. And then could give us an update on the number of sales reps you had maybe this 


quarter versus in the same quarter a year ago? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Yeah, I think we've got that here, Glen. Hold on a second. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Are you looking dental? 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yeah, dental sales reps. Yup. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Current period, we ended the period with 1367 in the U.S., another 163 in Canada. Last 


year at this time or start of the year, we had 1450 in the United States and 149 in Canada. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Glen, the majority of those are the discontinuation of the technology sales reps. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. So, I'm just trying to understand could that explain maybe why some of the sales were 


a little bit lighter, could it be a reduction in the sales reps? 
<A - James Wiltz>: No, absolutely not. The territory sales rep number is actually the same or up, Glen. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. And then just my last question on the equipment side; it just seems odd to me like 


looking at your equipment results that non-tech equipment like chairs and lights that was up 7%. But yet some of the 
technology stuff that could actually improve the dental practice and maybe make that dentist additional revenues, seem 
to be trending in negative territory. Is it surprising that they are spending money on sort of non-revenue enhancing 
items? 


<A - James Wiltz>: No, not really because most of that stuff was in the pipeline, Glen, before this all started. Most of 
that stuff would have been placed – orders placed in July and August. 


<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. 
<A - James Wiltz>: If you look at CEREC, particularly in the October month -- last year we had a lot of the MCXL 
trade-ins in our CEREC sales -


<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yup. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Though if you look at just number of units placed, basic CEREC units placed, we were actually up 
double-digit this year over last year. 



<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Gill with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Thanks very much and good morning. I know you generally don't like to give revenue guidance. But 
as we think about the new earnings guidance, Steve, can you maybe just talk about what the primary drivers are? Is it 
the fact that revenue is coming down because of what we're seeing in the dental practices or are we going to continue to 
see a squeeze on margin because of some of the reasons that you talked about? 

And then secondly, as we look at those dental practices and we start thinking about receivables and start thinking about 
your DSOs are up just by one day. How closely are you monitoring what's going on with these dental practices as we 
start to move into more difficult economic times? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Let me start with your revenue question. You're right. We don't like to give revenue 
guidance. But I think as Jim said, consumables is the concern, that's kind of the bedrock. And when that slows down 
and you look at all available evidence, it's a little hard to be predicting great things to come out of the consumable 
business going forward at least for the next six months. 

So that's the primary issue that we have over the remainder of the year. We've obviously done some acquisitions in -throughout 
the system that are going to cause revenues to increase. But on a year-over-year basis, I'm not very 
optimistic as far as the basic business is concerned right now. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay that... 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: The margins will continue to be impacted as Veterinary continues to grow relative to 
the rest of the business. So gross margins will be impacted. Obviously with our expense initiatives that we have 
underway we should be able to see some leverage coming out of the expense structure for the year. So it's kind of a 
mixed bag there. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: And then.... 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: And, Lisa, receivables --we did go up by one day but that was primarily Columbus 
Serum. If you look at our receivables without Columbus Serum, they are actually down year-over-year. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay and so you are monitoring them pretty closely, I mean because obviously a lot of the dental 
practices are single or just a couple of guys together, right? So as their volume is coming down, are they really 
managing what they are buying so that they are not getting too far ahead of themselves? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Sure they are. That's why our business was down in October so dramatically, Lisa. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: And what are generally the payment terms. -- I mean are they paying within 30 or 40 days? I guess 
my only concern is that if they bought supplies from you and then the volumes come down, they say well I'm going to 
try to stretch out these payment terms to Patterson? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: We haven't seen that at all, Lisa, our aging is as good or favorable as it was at the end 
of the first quarter and end of the fiscal year. You are right, we keep a very close eye on that and we work our 
receivables very aggressively and watch our customers so they don't get out of whack. 

<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay. Great. Thank you... 

<A - James Wiltz>: Lisa, a large majority of our customers pay by credit card. It's an automatic payment to their credit 
cards. 


<Q - Lisa Gill>: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line Robert Willoughby with Banc of America 
Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Did you guys address really why the Vet business, the organic growth rate itself seemed 
awfully weak relative to your prior experience, your recent experiences anyway. Is there a fundamental reason other 
than just the economy that maybe those sales have slipped a bit? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I think there is another reason that, that is a small part of it, Bob. If you remember right, we 
moved away from Mariel heart -


<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: ...heart medication of flea and tick and moved to others. And that was during the month of 
October last year that we did that. And so we had a very high amount of sales in flea and tick and heartworm 
medications last October, and we felt some effect of that this year as that annualized. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Otherwise it was the economy there as well. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And, Steve, you may have mentioned -- on the inventories being up, I guess most of that's 
the Columbus Serum acquisition. But can you give us as part of any of the restructuring or the cost cutting programs 
here, any changes to the CapEx or goals to cut working capital out the business? 

<A - R. Steve Armstrong>: Actually we reduced our inventories and receivables, Bob, in the quarter except for the 
impact of the acquisitions. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. 

<A - R. Steve Armstrong>: So, we are stripping those down or working those down to be in line with our business. 
With regard to cutting back on investment, I think in Jim's comments as well as the press release, we tried to impress 
upon you that we are not going to go in a hole and pull the cover in on top of us. We're going to continue to invest in 
our business where it's prudently wise to do so. 

So we'll continue most of our CapEx programs including the initiation of the Jacksonville, Florida, project to bring that 
center up to capacity to handle all three of the businesses. 

We will be very prudent on where we're spending money, particularly in the operating structure. All three of the 
businesses are aggressively attacking that right now. But as we said, we are going to continue to invest in sales people 
and infrastructure, where it's prudent to do so as well as where the acquisition opportunities present themselves. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And what is your operating cash flow goal for the year, Steve? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Well, it will be pretty much reflective of what happens at the operating income line, 
Bob. But other than that, if we -- where we've adjusted to and where we think we can end the year based on our current 
guidance, we'll be down slightly from where we started, but we should be around the $200 million mark. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. And just as part of -- I wouldn't expect it, but any divestitures in mind as part of a 
restructuring type effort or...? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No. 


<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: And I would tell you, Bob, it's not a restructuring, we don't characterize it as a 
restructuring. It's just getting the business rationalized to be in line with the revenue growth we are seeing right now. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. And maybe just a last question, I think the Medical revenues sequentially last year 
dipped dramatically in the current quarter. Can you remind me of any seasonality to the business or was there anything 
one-time in the weaker revenue number sequentially for that Medical business last year? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: We get some shift Bob, there is a -- if you remember the sports medicine business is 
rather seasonal, and it will shift back and forth between the first and second quarters depending on when those bids are 
fulfilled. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay. That's it. Thank you. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Thanks, Bob. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Thanks, Bob. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay? 
<A - James Wiltz>: We can, Jeff. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: All right. Just a couple of questions here, if I could. First, has there been any customer or 


account turnover on the Dental side that would be impacting the dental consumable business especially? 
<A - James Wiltz>: No, Jeff. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Not at all? 
<A - James Wiltz>: No. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay. And then, Steve, could you quantify at all the Canadian dollar impact on the 


consumables and equipment lines this quarter on the Dental side? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: It was -- in the dental revenues, it was about 6%, 5.8%. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Of a drag? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: It was 5.8% of an impact on the revenues. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: On the revenues on Dental. Okay. And remind me, we haven't talked to Canada dollar impact 


in a few years, but is that split fairly evenly between equipment and consumables? 


<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, it'd be based on a same relative spread that you'd see in the total dental business 
as far as consumables versus equipment. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay, fair enough. And also then, any visibility or any details you can provide on kind of how 


August, September were trending relative to October? Were you kind of hanging in there or, you know your competitor 
put up a number of about 4.5% consumables this quarter, 3.5%, I'm sorry. Were you in that range until October and you 
just are the first company to report the brunt of the negative October, or how should we think about how your August 
and September were trending? 

<A - James Wiltz>: We were about in that same range in August and September. This all came about in October, Jeff. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Yeah. Yeah, we've heard the same thing from our – it checks, Jim. And I guess my question 
is, what we have heard is that November hasn't been a heroic month, but it's bounced back relative to a pretty horrific 


October. Have you seen any of that or do you agree/disagree with that? 


<A - James Wiltz>: I wouldn't disagree with that. I think our experience, you know, we are not quite done with 
November yet, but it certainly has a bit more promise to it than October did. 
<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay, fair enough. All right guys, that's all I've got. I appreciate it. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Thanks, Jeff. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Kreger with William Blair. Please go ahead. 


<Q>: Hi, good morning guys. This is actually Robbie in for John. Can you give us a sense of how much of the 
guidance reduction is due to equipment versus consumables? 
<A - James Wiltz>: I don't know that we've got a breakdown? 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: No. I think, Robbie, it's pretty much across the product categories. It's not any one 


worse than the other, although consumables because it's 60% of revenue, it has a bigger impact on the total. 


<Q>: Sure. Okay, thanks. And secondly, have you seen any change in dentist behavior in terms of like number of hours 
worked or referrals to specialists, and if so, has that had an impact on their purchasing patterns at all? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I don't think it's had any impact on their purchasing patterns, but we have seen some GPs 


slow down on referral, more of them are doing their own endo for instance or at least the simpler endo cases, and that's 
pretty much verified by the specialists that we have talked to. 
<Q>: Got it. 
<A - James Wiltz>: Some of the GPs are -- they are doing less referral business. 
<Q>: Got it. Okay, thanks very much. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of follow-ups. Steve, did you give operating margin by 
segment in your prepared remarks? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I did, would you like it again? 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Thank you. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: 11.7 for Dental, 14.6 for Medical and 4.4 for Vet. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay, great. Did -- the basic equipment's up 7% in the quarter. Have you talked about just 
directionally the digital x-ray and imaging segment after the challenging first quarter, where it – how that comped 
year-over-year and how CEREC comped year-over-year? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: We didn't talk about it specifically. Digital was basically flat -- pardon me while I 
choke to death, in the quarter, the -- and that was up slightly from the first quarter. So I think we were -- if there were 
some positives in the quarter, I guess that was one of them in the sense that it seems to be bouncing back a little bit 
from where we were after we made that personnel change in the first quarter. 


CEREC was down about 12%, but that was up almost well over 90% from the first and sequentially from the first 
quarter. So, as Jim said, it was a lot of new units compared to a year ago when we were backlog sensitive in that second 
quarter. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Right. And... 

<A - James Wiltz>: Larry, I want to say one more thing about digital and I'm not sure that we've ever really told 
people this before. But it's important because of our system, we don't have any way to isolate digital panoramic or cone 
beam from our core equipment. So our core equipment number includes digital and cone beam panoramic and the 
number that you're looking at with digital is simply inter orb digital in our numbers. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: So, your point is that some of the cone beam would be growing at a much faster rate? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yeah, some of the 7% growth would include cone beam and digital panoramic. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. Got it. Could you -- I guess Steve, just a little bit of elaboration. I know you talked 
about another external vendor, Matsco in the -- in your external programs, seems like financing is still certainly 
available and I guess the question, how much -- did you see any real disruption given what GE was doing in the quarter 
in your external vending program? And how are you thinking of the market in terms of providing that credit with your 
own program? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: We added Matsco more as a precautionary, because of some of the vibes coming out of 
GE. GE really didn't turn out to be much of an issue and I don't think it had any impact in the quarter. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: With regard to our equipment business. Equipment financing has been readily available 
to the doctors, and at very -- in my mind, good rates. They are actually down probably across the market about a 
percentage point from where they were a year ago at this time. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: And the credit availability certainly seems to be there, our opportunity obviously is to 
convince the dentist that it's the good time to buy. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Right. Are you -- relatively speaking, are you still pretty optimistic that the Section 179 will 
help to spur some sales here in December, or are you taking a more cautious view of everything, given the economy? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Well, I think our outlook on equipment that we still feel like that 179 is going to have 
an impact on through December. My concern is with January. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Right, makes sense. Just a quick elaboration, Steve, you'd mentioned because of interest rate 
trends shifting downward movement, but nowhere near last year, it had a negative impact on your dental gross 
margins? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yes. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Can you elaborate just a little bit on that? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, what happens is that our financing portfolio -- we sell it under a -- basically 
short-term rates to the funders. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Yes. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: And so, we keep a piece of that and we basically have to sort of re-price that retainage 
each quarter and market-to-market. So we keep it on a pretty conservative leash. And as interest rates swing up and 
down, last year I think in the second quarter, if my memory serves me correctly, interest rates dropped by 125 basis 
points from the first quarter to the end of the second quarter. This year they came down modestly as sort of the interest 


rate market stabilized; they were very volatile in the first quarter, our first fiscal quarter of this year when the 
commercial paper market was -- I don't know if I would call it in jeopardy, but it was kind of cloudy as to what the 
commercial paper market was going to do. But rates have stabilized in the second quarter, and actually come down a 
little bit as far as what we -- our base rate is what we pay off of but it wasn't anywhere nearly as dramatic as last year. 
So we got a boost in last year's second quarter from that financing, mark-to-market this year we got a similar 
adjustment but not of the same magnitude. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. And when you say gross margin impact -- are you talking about sort of 5 basis points 
or was it some -- I mean you don't say specifically but is it just a small amount or is it -- do we think of it as more like 
10 or 15? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I would characterize it as about 15 points at the operating margin line, Larry, just to put it in a 
ballpark. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay, got it. Couple other quick things. In response to Bob's question earlier, timing of taxes 
and accounts payable impacted your cash flow from ops through six months, saying that sort of catch back up though, 
if you're thinking ballpark of 200 million, that's going to be down 20-some% I guess from last year's fiscal '08 cash 
flow from ops. Is that right and why would it be down so much given, say, operating profits may be, given your new 
guidance, say sort of flat or so? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: That's more caught up, Larry, in that change in our working capital and that's mostly in 
the accounts payable and other lines areas those --the timing of those payments can swing back and forth between fiscal 
periods due to our payment calendar. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. So... 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: You've got the earnings impact. There is no joking about that. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Right. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: But you've got the -- some shift going on in the working capital. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: I see. So, would it normalize then, as you think about next year? So, this year would be 
negatively impacted because of that shift? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, what we really look at is if you take our earnings, we generally feel that we can 
get 80 to 85% of our earnings into free cash flow. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Yeah. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: And that's no different. It's just that you do get that swing factor on the working capital 
once in a while. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. Two other things, the Medical business, you called out the impact of the systems 
conversion. I know David talked about that at the analyst day, and so I was a little surprised to see it called out. Was 
there something there that was a bit more costly than you thought? Could you elaborate a little bit about that and how 
much of an impact did that have in this business this quarter? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I don't know. It wasn't actually costly. It was a matter of costing us business. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: We had few lost sales during the process. We had a web site, which a lot of our orders come in 
through in Medical, that was down for a period of time during that transition. And we also had some problems with 
some dropped calls in our call center. And we felt like that business was gone and didn't come back. And I don't know 
if Steve can quantify for you but... 


<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, it was basically the month of August, you could see the drop-off. It was -actually 
his revenues went south modestly, very low single digits in that month, and then bounced back and it was 
pretty respectable mid-single digits in the latter two months in the quarter. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. And finally, given the commentary in October and the macro environment, as some of 
your guidance, obviously a view of how you are thinking of the economy, customer environment. So just to put this in 
context, what -- as you are thinking out to next year, forgetting about specific line items, but is your view that the 
economy is going to bump along in a more challenging environment than perhaps others might – some might think? 
Are you looking for bounce back and -- or is it just -- this is your view of "Hey, things are really tough for everybody, 
so we really need to reflect this in our expectations?" 

<A - James Wiltz>: Larry, I don't think our crystal ball's any better than anybody else's is. But I certainly see signs that 
at least through the next six months of our year to the end of our year that we are going to have some tough times. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Right. 

<A - James Wiltz>: And I don't know when the recovery is going to come about. I would hope that we would be 
recovering by the end of that period of time but the closer we inch to that, the more it would seem that it's going to be at 
least that long. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Right, yep. Okay fair enough, thanks. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Okay, Larry, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our next question is from the line of Derek Leckow with Barrington Research. 
Please go ahead. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Hi, Jim, hi Steve. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Derek 


<A - James Wiltz>: Good morning. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just want to get back to the comments on the consumable sales here. If I understand what you 
said, you said you saw relatively stable consumables business all the way through September running at around a 4% 
rate and then it dropped off dramatically in October and has since bounced back, is that bounce back still negative or is 
it positive? 


<A - James Wiltz>: No, I did not say it had bounced back; I said we saw a slight improvement in November. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: So, it's still down year-over-year? 
<A - James Wiltz>: It's still soft and down, yeah. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay and then is there any evidence -- you talked about the evidence that you saw, basically 


this is I guess it's anecdotal coming back through your sales force? Is that where you're getting that information? 


<A - James Wiltz>: Well, that's one piece of information we get. We also have some very large Group practices that 
we do business with. And -<
Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. 
<A - James Wiltz>: One of them has over 300 locations and their 300 locations are to a location down in the range that 


I'm talking about. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: So, their revenue is down 10 to 15? 



<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. And then do you know if there is any evidence that the preventative dental visits are 
down in that range as well or have those maintained pretty much stability here? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I don't think we have any real accurate information for you, because it's hard for us to get at. 
But if I look at our product segments, which is my best way of forecasting that, I would say that preventative that the 
patients are still going in for the exams and the cleanings, but the dentist is not getting them back into their operatory 
chair for the crowns and bridges and the restorative work right now. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: I think you characterized that as deferred. In your experience in past recessions, when you say 
deferred, does that mean that we're going to see after the recession is over -- does that tend to come back at a stronger 
clip, or is there any color you can offer me on that? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, if you need a crown, if the doctor diagnoses today that you need a crown, but your tooth's 
not hurting, and you postpone it, you still need a new crown. So, yeah the pipeline starts to become jammed up at some 
point in time in the system and again, usually driven by the unemployment rate. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Right. Okay. So, let me just ask a question on your inventory. Do you guys anticipate running 
that down in the near term or do you feel pretty good about your consumables inventory right now? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think we feel okay about our consumable inventory. We're -- we don't do a lot of forward 
buying that some of the companies do. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Derek, typically, as we have stated in the past, we will run our inventory up a bit during 
the year and to help on fulfillment levels and so forth, but because we run a LIFO inventory, we'll tend to work it down 
in the latter half of the year. 

There will be buying opportunities and so forth as we get close to the calendar year. And we may try to take advantage 
of some of those. But as Jim said, our system is just not set up to stockpile months worth of goods in the warehouses. 
And we kind of monitor -- I mean we've got algorithms set up that monitor the activity. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Yup. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: So, we run our inventories with our business. And as Jim said, consumables haven't -they 
are not in the toilet, they are just not growing right now. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Right. So, I'm just trying to get a sense for -- with the distribution center consolidation that you 
talked about, is there anything built up in there that needs to be flushed through or have you guys taken in additional -just 
to kind of offset any customer service concerns? 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: I would just reference back, again just to make sure it's clear. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Yup. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Our inventory levels right now reflect the Columbus Serum acquisition inventory 
because it's only 30 days old effectively when we published that. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. So that's -- okay, good. Thanks for clarifying that. 

<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Our inventories were actually down sequentially quarter-over-quarter. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. And then this cost savings initiative you talked about, Steve, does that include any 
distribution center consolidation or is that still additional cost savings opportunity? 

<A - James Wiltz>: I think there's a very small amount in there for some distribution consolidation, but we think there 
is some opportunity over and above that number with some more consolidation in distribution. 


<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys. 
<A - R. Stephen Armstrong>: Okay, Derek, thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abigail Epstein with Select Equities. Please go ahead. 
<Q>: Hi, this is Chris Arndt in place of Abby. A quick question, if you could -- and forgive me if you've already 


mentioned this, but on the consumable side of the experience in October just contrast what you see that is happening on 
the Veterinary side versus the Dental side? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Are you saying was it different and I can't hear you very well. Are you asking me if it's different 


between the Vet business and the Dental business? 
<Q>: Yes, exactly and how much difference? 
<A - James Wiltz>: No, they are almost identical. 
<Q>: Okay. And sorry, what was – that's down how much in October? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Well, we didn't share that; we didn't give that. 
<Q>: Okay. But meaningfully more than the first two months of the quarter? 
<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. August and September were an increase year-over-year; October took that all to flat. 
<Q>: Got it, thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jeff Johnson with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Thanks. Hi guys. Just a quick follow-up here on the Medical business, just because we don't 
have a whole lot of insight here, but how are you thinking university and high school budgets and things like that over 
the next year could weigh on this business? And same with, if you're starting to hear some anecdotal reports anyway of 
softer hip and knee volumes, things like that, would that impact your business on the physical therapy side? Then I 
guess as well, just how should we be thinking about maybe just core growth of your Medical business over the next six 
to 12? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, the high school and college piece is only our sports medicine piece which is a fairly small 
piece of our Medical business. So, you really shouldn't see much impact from that. As it relates to hip and knee 
replacements, I guess, you have some information I don't have, Jeff, because I don't know that. But if that number of 
those procedures goes down, it does affect us some, yes. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: All right, fair enough. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from the line of Larry Marsh with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Yeah. Just one quick clarification, just anticipating what might be a takeaway from this call. 
Jim, I know you had said that your dentists were saying they'd seen 10 to 15% reduction in revenues in October and 
such. And I know you don't break it out by month. But if someone were to come off this call and say, Patterson saw a 
10 to 15% reduction in revenues in October, would that be a gross mischaracterization? Would that be in the ballpark 


or would you say, no, that's -- we did better than that? Just so I think I understand directionally what the message is for 
October and the importance of the incremental data point here? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, we did better than that. It doesn't correlate directly to the amount; you remember we're only 
5 to 7% of the dentist revenue in consumable supplies. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Right. That's -- I just wanted to clarify it. So, if we were to say, no, you were definitely better 
than that, you'd say, clearly better than down 10 to 15% in October, is that a fair? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes, that's a fair assumption, yes. 

<Q - Lawrence Marsh>: Okay. All right, that's all I wanted to clarify. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. And at this time, we have no further questions. I would like to turn it back to management for any closing 
remarks. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, we appreciate everybody's attendance and we hope to see you all for our third quarter conference call. Thank you 
very much for your interest in our company today. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 
303-590-3000 using the access code of 11122337 followed by the pound key. ACT would like to thank you for your 
participation. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


