Company Name: Patterson Cos. 
Company Ticker: PDCO US 
Date: 2007-02-22 
Event Description: Q3 2007 Earnings Call 

Q3 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Patterson Companies Earnings Third Quarter 
2007 teleconference. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following this presentation, 
the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, 
February 22nd of 2007. I would now like to turn the conference over to James W. Wiltz, President and CEO. Please go 
ahead sir. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning and thanks for participating in our third quarter conference call. Joining me today is Steve Armstrong, 
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We will be pleased to take your questions at the conclusion 
of our remarks today. 

As Regulation FD prohibits us from providing investors with any earnings guidance unless we release that information 
simultaneously, we have included financial guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 in this morning's earnings 
release. Our guidance is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause Patterson's actual results to vary 
from our forecast. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and other 
SEC filings, and we urge you to review this material. As an editorial note to my comments, references to years will be 
to our fiscal years unless otherwise indicated. 

Turning now to our third quarter results, consolidated sales rose 4% to $709.5 million. On a comparable basis, which 
excludes the telemarketing operation of the former Accu-Bite business that was closed in May 2006, consolidated sales 
increased approximately 6%. Third quarter net income increased 8% to 58.6 million or $0.43 per diluted share. Our 
earnings for this period incorporated stock compensation expense of approximately one penny per diluted share. We 
are estimating a similar impact from stock compensation expense in this year's fourth quarter. 

Now for the next few minutes I will briefly review our third quarter performance. Patterson's third quarter earnings 
were affected by a revenue shortfall on our dental unit due to weaker than anticipated sales of basic dental equipment. 
This weakness offset another quarter of strong sales in consumable dental supplies and digital x-ray equipment. Our 
consumable sales grew 7% on a comparable basis while digital sales improved at a double-digit rate. Patterson Dental's 
equipment related sales shortfall was largely offset by the continuation of improved consolidated operating leverage 
due to the strength in IntraVet's management and improvement in dental gross margins. We believe the third quarter 
slowdown on sales of basic dental equipment is short term in nature and that sales growth should return more normal 
levels going forward. The dental equipment market continues to presents a significant opportunity and Patterson is well 
positioned in this market. However, we need to execute our equivalent business on a more consistent basis and 
Patterson Dental's management will be strongly emphasizing improved execution going forward. 

Turning now to the CEREC line, the anticipated enhancements to this product line were recently announced by the 
product's manufacturer Sirona. Sirona has significantly improved CEREC software making it much easier to design 
highly aesthetic and precise restorations while also greatly streamlining the systems learning curve. In addition, a much 
faster and more robust milling unit is now available as an upgrade on new sales as well as to all existing CEREC users. 
The new CEREC software and milling chamber were presented at the recent Yankee Dental Trade Show in Boston and 
generated a high level of interest. This week the new CEREC technologies will be featured at the Chicago Midwinter 
Dental Show, which is one of the largest shows in the industry. CEREC's enhancements represent a significant 
advancement in dental CAD/CAM technology and we're encouraged by the high level of customer interest in these 


upgraded features. However, given the timing of the introduction and the transition process to these new products, we 
believe CEREC sales could continue to be sluggish in the fourth quarter before strengthening in the first half of fiscal 
2008. All in all we are very optimistic about the future of CEREC. 

Turning now to Webster, sales of our veterinary supply unit increased 17% in the third quarter to 94.3 million. 
Excluding the December 2005 acquisition of Intra Corp, the developer and marketer of IntraVet veterinary practice 
management software, Webster's sales were up a strong 15%. Webster's core consumable supply business continued to 
perform at a high level in the third quarter. In addition, Webster generated strong sales of veterinary equipment and 
IntraVet practice management software. 

During the quarter Webster made the strategic decision to drop the line of Merial products that it had been carrying 
under an agency agreement. This decision was based on Merial's demand that Webster carry Merial's products 
exclusively. We did not think such an arrangement would be in the best interest of our customers. Consequently we 
have fully replaced the affected product lines with those from Novartis and Bayer. In addition Webster will be free to 
take on new product offerings from other manufacturers. This development is expected to have a minimal impact on 
Webster's fourth quarter results since the bulk of the affected product lines generate agency commissions versus 
distributed product sales. For the long term we believe Webster is properly positioning itself as a single source of 
supply to the customer, providing a choice of the best available consumable supplies, equipment and pharmaceuticals. 

Patterson Medical, our rehabilitation supply and equipment unit posted third quarter sales growth at 12% to $78.1 
million. Excluding the impact of three acquisitions related to this unit's branch office strategy, the divestiture of a small 
division in February 2006 and foreign currency translations, third quarter sales of Patterson Medical rose 8%. This 
marks Patterson Medical's third consecutive quarter of solid sales growth making us believe that this unit is responding 
to the strategies implemented by its new management team. These strategies are focused on deploying a more extensive 
value-added business model led by an expanded sales force. As part of this overall effort we are beginning to establish 
full service branch offices in selected markets. We acquired equipment dealers in Greensboro, North Carolina and New 
Orleans this past December and these operations have become our third and fourth branches. Earlier this year, we 
established branch offices in New York and Chicago. We believe Patterson Medical is making strong progress towards 
attaining its full potential in the large and growing rehabilitation market. 

Turning now to the financial guidance contained in this morning's release, we are forecasting earnings of $0.44 to $0.46 
per diluted share for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 ending April 28, 2007. This guidance incorporates stock option 
expense of approximately 1 penny per diluted share. Also in this morning's release we reduced our full-year fiscal 2007 
earnings guidance from the previously issued $1.54 to $1.57 to $1.52 to $1.54 which includes approximately $0.04 per 
diluted share of stock compensation expense. These adjustments were necessitated by our actual third quarter results 
and a potential impact of the fourth quarter CEREC rollout. 

Thank you. Now Steve Amstrong will review some highlights from our third quarter results. 

R. Stephen Armstrong, Executive Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Financial 
Officer 
Thank you, Jim. I want to begin with a point of clarification about our revenue growth both in this quarter as well as the 
fourth. At the end of fiscal 2006 we closed the telemarketing portion of Accu-Bite and moved as much of that business 
as possible into our field organization. As expected much of the sales volume associated with the telemarketing 
operation migrated to other dental suppliers to approach the market with a low price model. As Jim mentioned we 
estimate that in this year's third quarter the closing of the telemarketing operation reduced our revenue growth by 
approximately 2 percentage points. We expect a similar impact in the fourth quarter. 

Turning now to gross margins, the consolidated margin was 35.3%, unchanged from last year. Our dental segment 
margin improved 60 basis points over the year earlier quarter reflecting the improved point of sale margins, better 
freight management and the elimination of the dilution from the telemarketing operation. Gross margins in our 
veterinary segment declined 40 basis points in the quarter due principally to the timing of vendor rebates and to lower 
agency commissions in the quarter. Gross margins at Patterson Medical declined nearly 250 basis points, which was 
less than the decline in the second quarter making us believe we have repaired some of this unit's margin degradation. 


As we have discussed previously, Patterson Medical's newer sales representatives have been given some short-term 
latitude to establish their books of business through discretionary discounting. This latitude will be phased out as these 
new representatives meet their sales targets. Another factor contributing to the margin decline at Patterson Medical has 
been compression resulting from fixed price contracts with large group customers. Price increases from our vendors 
have been substantially higher during this year than in prior years due principally to increases in raw material costs. As 
these contracts come up for renewal over the next few months we expect to mitigate this margin erosion. 

As I discuss our operating expenses and operating margin, I'll be referring to the results that exclude the stock 
compensation expense resulting from the adoption of FASB statement 123R so the comparisons are consistent between 
periods. You will find a reconciliation of the impact of 123R included in the press release we issued earlier today. Our 
consolidated operating expense ratio relative to sales improved 30 basis points for the quarter as each of the business 
segments improved their operating leverage. In addition to the expense control that Jim mentioned earlier, we are 
starting to see the planned leverage related to shared service initiatives that we have been pursuing in distribution 
information systems and other back room functions. 

For example, during this past second quarter, we closed Patterson Medical distribution center in Chicago and moved 
that operation to our new Eastern Pennsylvania distribution facility. As you may recall, we are combining 3 individual 
dental, veterinary, and medical BCs into this new Pennsylvania site. To date, we have relocated the dental and medical 
operations to this site and our veterinary distribution center will be combined in this fourth quarter. In summary, we 
expect additional improvements in our operating leverage through the remainder of the year as these initiatives 
continue. 

Now a few words about operating profit. For the quarter, our dental unit's operating margin improved to 14.6% while 
the veterinary segment improved to 5.2%. The operating profit at Patterson Medical declined to 14.3% in the third 
quarter. As we have discussed previously, fiscal 2007 has been a year of investment at Patterson Medical and its 
performance metrics have reflected the impact of these efforts. In addition, Patterson Medical is assimilating the three 
acquisitions it has made during the year and operating margins have been negatively affected as the infrastructure costs 
of those operations are absorbed. The final item I will mention on our earnings relates to income tax expense. As 
anticipated, we finalized several years of Canadian income tax returns during the quarter, which resulted in the need to 
reverse tax reserves related to those returns. The resulting benefit of 1.7 million lowered our effective tax rate for this 
quarter to 35.6%, but we believe our fourth quarter rate should approximate 37.1%. 

Looking now to our cash flow, we generated $34 million from operations in the quarter compared to 47 million in the 
prior year. We announced last quarter we were investing an additional 105 million in our employee stock ownership 
plan and those funds would be used to buy the plan to purchase shares of Patterson's stock in the open market. That 
purchase activity, which is now complete, resulted in the plan acquiring 3.2 million shares. These shares will be 
excluded from our earnings per share calculation until they are allocated by the plan. The allocation of these shares is 
expected to begin in fiscal 2012 and will take place over an estimated 10 to 15 year period. In November we retired $70 
million of fixed rate debt, in addition to another 5 million of amortization on our bank term loan. 

During the quarter we sold two pieces of idle real estate to approximately $9 million. There was no operating statement 
impact as these properties were sold for essentially net carrying value. Inventories grew slightly during the quarter from 
the prior quarter, due to seasonal buying patterns and as a result of the continuous sluggishness of CEREC sales. Our 
DSO stood at 49 compared to 41 in the prior year. This increase is the result of continuing to carry some low interest 
finance contracts from a CEREC promotion earlier in the fiscal year. We are exploring the possibility of liquidating 
these contracts with one of our financing sources and this may occur during the fourth quarter. 

With that I'll turn it back to Rose the conference operator, who will poll you for your questions. Rose? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from 
Derek Leckow from Barrington Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you good morning Jim, good morning Steve. 


<A - James Wiltz>: Good morning Derek. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just on the revenue shortfall in the dental equipment area it looks like if you look at the 


consumable sales as relatively normal here. What are you seeing in the basic dental equipment? What's causing the 
shortfall there? 
<A - James Wiltz>: You know Derek I think it's simply execution on our part at Patterson, I don't see any difference in 


the metrics in the marketplace that have changed anything. I do think we had some impact from not having a year-end 
promotion which we normally have. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. So you had a promotion last year at this time. Is that right? 
<A - James Wiltz>: That's correct, yes. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. And so that's the issue, the change from that year-to-year? 
<A - James Wiltz>: For this quarter that's probably the biggest piece of it, Derek, yes. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: So, you think it bounces back to normal into, by this quarter I guess right? 


<A - James Wiltz>: We really believe so yes. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. Thanks and just on the issue of margins in the dental business, what was the gross margin 
for equipment and consumables if you wouldn't mind illuminating what the benefit was coming from? 


<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Derek, it was on both – really all aspects of the product categories. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: So both, both segments were performing at above last year? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, when you take into account the – there was a mild improvement in the equipment 


business, and as well as the consumables. There was also the impact of the financing in last year's business dragging 
down last year's margins; that bounced back this year. So you had a number of factors in there, but it was, I would say 
pretty much across all categories. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay, thanks. And then Stephen, are you still comfortable that we will see 50 basis points of 
operating margin improvement next year? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: In 2008? 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Yeah. 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Unofficially? 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Well officially? 


<A - Stephen Armstrong>: No, We haven't given any guidance yet, so I can't. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: But that's basically where we are headed, we are headed back to that 50 basis point per year 
improvement. 


<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, we are going through our planning process right now, and Jim and I believe that we 
can get back to our 50 basis points of improvement in fiscal 2008, and we are targeting to do that. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you very much. 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: We'll give you further information at the end of the fourth quarter on that. 
<Q - Derek Leckow>: I appreciate it, thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes form Steven Postal from Lehman Brothers. 
<Q - Steven Postal>: Thanks a lot. Did you guys mention how much CEREC declined in the quarter? 



<A - James Wiltz>: We did not, Steven. 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Middle single digits. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And Jim, in terms of expectations for the April quarter, I know you indicated to expect 
improvement maybe in fiscal 2008, but with the upgrade that was just announced, do you think that would have any 
material impact on CEREC trends or it's going take a little bit longer than that? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think it's going to have a big impact in our 2008 year but don't – I think our fourth quarter 
will have relatively no or still negative impact as we ramp up to bring that new product out. First of all the 
manufacturer has to make sure we've ample supply on hand, we've got about 150 people in the field that need to be 
trained on the software and understand it and understand how to sell and train the dentists on it. So we're going through 
that right now, but I think it will still, we'll still not reap those benefits from those new enhancements until probably 
starting with the first quarter of next year. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then moving on to the medical business, I was just wondering if you can maybe 
elaborate on some of your comments there with the repositioning of the business. Do you have a normalized margin 
goal for the segment after the completion of repositioning and adding sales reps and branches? 

<A - James Wiltz>: We do, but you know I am not sure that we are far enough into the new model to tell you what that 
number might be. I do think there are couple of things you need to keep in mind, first of all we've added about 40 new 
sales reps to that mix in medical, and they tend to when they are brand new, they tend to sell on price. And so I think 
there's a piece of that that's going to go away as we don't have that big bowling ball going through the snake with that 
many sales reps coming on at one time again in the near future. And secondly I think as we roll out this branch model, 
it's probably going to take us another six to 12 months before we have a good handle on the margins in those locations. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, and then a question on the basic equipment business, you guys in the past have mentioned 
the chair business and I thought that business had stabilized, in terms of the broad basic equipment business, was there 
any particular product or product line that was causing some challenges in the quarter? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No, I don't believe you can pinpoint it to any specific thing. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: It was just generally across the board in core equipment. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay. And then just a final question from me, Steve I think you mentioned a comment about 
CEREC inventory, are you comfortable right now with the level of inventory at CEREC or should we anticipate any 
change there? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: No, no I think we're very comfortable with the levels, I think it probably is going to come 
down as we, if we get into the first quarter of next year, we'll work of a lot of the inventory through the first part of 
fiscal 2008, bring it down a little bit, but we've got it at a level where it's not unmanageable right now. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Willoughby from Bank of America Securities. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Thanks Jim. I guess as the largest dental equipment vendor, the ability or I guess an 
inability to project the basic equipment sales number is a bit disturbing. I mean what tangible things can you do better 
there to give us a little bit more confidence in your forecasting ability? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, Bob I think we've always told you guys that it's a lumpy business, so it's somewhat difficult 
to forecast very accurately, but you know I do think that I need to take everybody back and remind you that we've had a 
dramatic amount of change in the management of the dental business over the last 12 months. And that affects people, 
they tend to worry about all the wrong things and all the wrong issues, if they would all go out and just sell product and 
forget about some of the other issues that we should be worrying about for them, we probably wouldn't be in the 
execution shortfall that we are with that core equipment. I think it is a matter of us simply getting back to business as 
normal, Bob and I think that we've got good programs, I think there, I think we have got some good stuff planned for 


the next 12 months. I am very comfortable with the plan the dental unit put together at least their preliminary plan that 
they presented to me. And I think we will get back to the historic norms. I don't think anything has changed in the 
marketplace. I think the demand from the dentist is still there. It is a matter of us executing on that demand. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Can you comment Jim tangibly on what some of those programs are, is it changing 
incentive compensation or? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No, no there is no change in compensation, other than that I really don't care to comment until we 
finalize those plans, Bob. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay and I ... 

<A - James Wiltz>: They won't be finalized for another month or so. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Steve, I guess I look at 14% debt to cap, 153 million in cash on the balance sheet, I, you 
got to do something with it here and the big deals are done, so what happens there? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Well we've got another a debt obligation next fall. We will generate some cash from the 
business and each of the businesses still has investment needs Bob. So we are not going to get too carried away with 
anything exotic at this point. We talked about this before. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: I guess I would agree with you but looking at your investment needs historically and you 
know what's in the deal pipeline, is there something out of character with your historical performance or numbers 
investment that we should be thinking about going forward? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Not that we can talk about. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: All righty. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Glen Santangelo from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Yeah, hey, guys. Just of couple of quick questions. One follow-up on CEREC sales. I mean if 
you listen to Sirona's call, they basically suggested that there was maybe a weakness in end user demand. I mean, do 
you think that's true and as you think about the potential for the competing product, E4D, to be launched sometime 
eventually, and clearly it's been delayed probably longer than anyone had anticipated. Do you think as those delays 
stretch out, do you think that situation is helping you or hurting you? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, Glen speaking just very briefly about E4D, I think the stretching out of the introduction of 
that product hurts us. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. 

<A - James Wiltz>: If you are going to make $100,000 investment in any thing and you know there is something new 
coming in the market I think it's human nature to what to look at whatever that new product is. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. And then Jim as you think about your rollout of the new version of CEREC that was 
released, would we expect to see the revenues ramp up quickly but you also have a bunch of expenses, you commented 
that you got to train all the sales people on the new software, is what's going to take long to realize the economic 
benefits the fact is that the revenues will come quick but there is lot of expenses attached to it? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No, no, no. I think you are, no. There are not a lot of additional expenses. We're constantly 
undergoing training with those people, and most of that expense is borne by the manufacturer, Sirona, and the people 
that are out putting the manpower and the effort behind training our people, and our people are straight commission 
people so until they start selling more, I don't have the expense related with that Glen. 

<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay, and then just my last question on the medical business, Steve I think you commented 
that there was some currency gains that maybe impacted the revenue number there. Was that a positive impact or a 
negative impact and could you quantify that? 


<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Sure, in the medical business they – well first of all, currency on a consolidated basis had 
only about a three-tenths of a point impact on our growth. 


<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: In medical, because more of their business is from overseas, it affected them by 2.3%, and 
that was positive. 


<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: So that 8% excludes all of that. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay. So, it excludes the currency then? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yes sir, it does. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay, perfect. And would you expect to have some currency gains going as the year 


progresses? 


<A - Stephen Armstrong>: If I was in the options or the futures trading business Glen, I'd make a comment on that, 
but I don't know, we just have to react to it. 
<Q - Glen Santangelo>: Okay, that's fine. Thanks for the comments. Appreciate it. 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from John Kreger from William Blair. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks very much. Could you give us a sense about how your sales force numbers changed over 
the last year across your three segments and what if any turnover you saw in those three groups? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Steve, you have those numbers? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yeah, I can give you the sales numbers. As Jim mentioned, we are up in the medical 
business starting with the medical, we're up about 62 people in the sales force there. The US and Canadian dental sales 
force is basically flat year-over-year, down slightly, and then Webster is up modestly at about three people 
year-over-year. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great and a follow-up to that Steve, I think you mentioned earlier that new reps do have a bit of 
pricing leeway, can you just give us a better handle on who does have the decision-making authority to discount, is it 
the rep, the manager, or to what degree is that centralized? 

<A - James Wiltz>: On the consumable product, it's up to the sales representative. There are certain controls that are 
put in place in the computer system that do give them a high and a low number they can deal with. But it's up to them 
to make the final decision. 

<Q - John Kreger>: And how about for equipment? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Equipment is a different story, that's done branch-by-branch and the manager usually is the 
driving influence behind the margin on equipment sales. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jeff Johnson from Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Good morning guys. Two questions here, how much of an impact did the A-dec promotion 
that ended in September have on the basic equipment this quarter, and I am assuming that would probably have washed 
through then by the end of this quarter? 


<A - James Wiltz>: I think it's slight; I am not sure we can quantify it for you. It did have some impact on the quarter, 
we obviously pulled some sales forward. But I really don't know that I know a number or even try to venture a guess 
for you. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay fair enough. And then Steve, I guess a question for you on the Pacific Dental deal that 
was announced couple of weeks ago. Is it fair to think of the uptake of those 150 units kind of on a straight-line basis 
over the next two years? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: You know that contract I think is confusing for some folks. That really is the customer's 
decision and it's going to be hard for us to predict that. How you guys want to put it in your model, I guess you make 
the decision, but the customer really controls that. They can take delivery as they want to take delivery. I would – until 
you hear otherwise I'd think about it pretty much straight line over that 24-month period. It's not going to be impactful 
in any one quarter. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Okay, great. And then, I believe in that the deal they are going with the standard CEREC 3D 
not the upgraded version and just wondering should we take anything away from that as far as an indication of how 
clinically relevant maybe they felt the upgrades were and how dentists in general may be viewing the upgrades? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Well, first of the software will be in their machine, so they'll have the current version of 
software. And I'll let Jim sort to talk about the mechanics of the rest of the configuration, if it has any significance at 
all. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yeah, I think the only real issue with Western Dental is a matter of whether they, Pacific, excuse 
me, whether they have the upgraded milling machine, or whether they use the older milling machine and frankly I am 
not sure that is a real issue of any kind and I think it is fair to say at least on the initial surge that we had in Boston that 
the average customer out there that understands CEREC is very excited about the new software, which will be on all 
new machines that go out including those we currently have in inventory. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Jim, if I am hearing you correct, it is the software that seems to be more the benefit than the 
milling unit not to downplay the benefits of the milling unit obviously but that is where you think more of the 
excitement will lie and I am sorry a follow-up from there, would you expect users without that software to go back and 
pay for the upgrade at this point? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Most of our users are they brought a product called CEREC Service Club which includes all 
software updates so they in essence will get those updates for free. The real key to this new software what it really is 
for a new dentist the learning curve is dramatically shortened and I don't have a good analogy to give you, but it is a 
dramatic switch from the current software to the new software. As far as how much manipulation has to be done to the 
final restoration to make it the way that dentist wants it. So I think when a new perspective dentist looks at this 
software versus when they used to look at, any dentist used to look at the old 3D software, they will see that it is a 
much, much easier process for them to learn. But I don't want to mitigate the benefit of the milling chamber either 
because we are a heavy user for somebody who has really got into CEREC, the difference in that milling time is pretty 
dramatic throughout a day's production so both of them are dramatic enhancements to the current product. 

<Q - Jeffrey Johnson>: Great that is helpful thanks guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Veal from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Veal>: Hi, thanks and good morning. Steve, I know the historical financial model was to essentially 
capture 30 to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion each year and you know 10 or 20 of that are coming from 
the gross margin side and the rest on the operating side. If we can fix the execution issues that are ongoing in the dental 
equipment business, is that again a viable model? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: I think the earlier question was are we going to get our 50 basis points of expansion to 
which we said, we believe so and I think the model is still workable that the 10 to 20 as you mentioned or we look at is 
10 and 40 with leverage providing the greater contribution. 

<Q - David Veal>: Right, okay. 


<A - Stephen Armstrong>: And that continues to be the same. We don't spend a great deal of time, if we get the 50 
basis points if it comes half from margin and half from leverage, we are not squawking, we don't really care and from 
period-to-period it may change. 

<Q - David Veal>: Right. Okay and in terms of the earnings growth that was sort of implied that that would 
presumably get us back to sort of double-digit earnings growth on a go forward basis is that a reasonable outlook? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yes 
<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 
<Q - David Veal>: Okay, great, thank you. 


Operator 

We have a follow-up question from Robert Willoughby. Please go ahead. 


<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Did you all break out equipment sales into the Vet sector, what that representation might 
have been? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Should be on the detail Bob, in the back of the press release, on that supplemental 


schedule, but I can give it to you real quick. They did 8.8 million in equipment this quarter versus 5.7 last year. 
<Q - Robert Willoughby>: And is that all – is that all digital essentially or...? 
<A - Stephen Armstrong>: No, it's a combination of everything. 
<A - James Wiltz>: It's a mix of everything, Bob. 
<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Okay, great, thank you. 
<A - James Wiltz>: You're welcome. 


Operator 

We have a follow up question from Steven Postal. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Yeah I had two quick follow up questions, one was, Steve, how should we think about SG&A 
expense? It grew lower than sales growth in the quarter, you have been talking about I guess some consolidation in 
DCs and the like, but how should be think about that going forward? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: SG&A? 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Yeah. 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Well again, that contains a multitude of issues or expenses for this organization because 
it's everything below the product cost. So as we mentioned we are trying to get leverage out of the distribution system, 
we are trying to leverage up our information systems, we are trying to leverage up creative services. So it's a multitude 
of items, communications, so we are attacking all of those expenses trying to get better leverage out of them every 
operating period. I don't know if I can give you, Stephen if you can give me more detail maybe I will try answer that, 
but what are you looking for? 

<Q - Steven Postal>: No, that was fine we can follow some more details. And then my second question is on cash 
flow; I guess if year-to-date modest growth in cash flow, would it be your opinion if you adjust for the receivables and 
the equipment contracts that we would have seen growth in cash flow? 

<A - Stephen Armstrong>: Yes, I don't mind talking about that, there is about $55 million tied up in those contracts 
right now, but you do the math. 

<Q - Steven Postal>: Okay, thanks a lot Steve. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Lisa Gill from JP Morgan. 

<Q - Michael Minchak>: Good morning, it's actually Mike Minchak in for Lisa. Just one quick follow-up on the 
pacific dental contract, do you see more of these kind of contracts out there and do you anticipate them to be a bigger 
driver of growth in that product category going forward? 

<A - James Wiltz>: No and no, Mike. 

<Q - Michael Minchak>: Okay, and then secondly just in terms of the acquisition environment are you focusing 
attention on any one particular segment or are you seeing opportunities across the section? 

<A - James Wiltz>: Well, I think we spoke about these in each quarter and then nothing is really changed. Medical 
business is still our main target because it seems to be a target rich environment, seems to be a lot of people out there 
that are at least willing to talk about acquisition. The vet business the price levels are still extremely high based on all 
the things that have happened over the last two and a half to three years in vet world. In dental it's a matter of executing 
on any opportunity that happens to come along. We do spend some time trying to cultivate things in the dental side but 
primarily it's just been able to execute if something jumps up. So, I'd have to say we spend at least 50 plus percent of 
our time right now trying to do acquisitions in the medical world. 

<Q - Michael Minchak>: Great. Thanks for comments. 

<A - James Wiltz>: Yes. 

Operator 

Thank you. And we have no further audio comments at this time. I would like to turn back to management for further 
comments. 

James W. Wiltz, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. No more questions, we greatly appreciate your participation and joining us this morning. We hope to see you all 
on our fourth quarter call. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen this does conclude the Patterson Companies' earnings third quarter 2007 
teleconference. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation and please have a pleasant day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


