Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Tawni Adams, Director, Investor Relations 
• Philip L. Francis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Timothy E. Kullman, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
• Robert F. Moran, President and Chief Operating Officer 
Other Participants 

• Alan Rifkin 
• Matthew Fassler 
• David Schick 
• Jason West 
• Matt Nemer 
• Nancy Hoch 
• Peter Benedict 
• David Mann 
• Jonathan Cramer 
• Brian Nagel 
• David Cumberland 
• Dan Wewer 
• Vivian Ma 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Thea, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Q4 2006 analyst conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. 
After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. I would now like turn the conference over to Tawni Adams. Ms. Adams, you may begin. 

Tawni Adams, Director, Investor Relations 

Good afternoon, and welcome to PetSmart's conference call to announce our results for the fourth quarter and for all of 
fiscal 2006. With me on the call today are: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phil Francis; Senior Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer, Tim Kullman; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Moran; as well as Ray 
Storck, Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer; and Lynne Adams, who is our Vice President of 
Corporate Communications. Phil will kick off the call today with an overview of our fourth quarter results. Then Tim 
will take you through the details of our financials and our outlook for the coming year, and Bob will update you on our 
strategic growth initiatives and our ongoing work to drive meaningful shareholder returns. And finally, we'll take your 
questions. 


Please keep in mind that everything we cover during today's call, including the question and answer session, is subject 
to the Safe Harbor statement for forward-looking information you'll find in today's news release. And we'll post a 
reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we discuss on the call to the most directly comparable GAAP 
measure in the Investor Relations section at www.petm.com. 

Thanks, and I will now turn the call over to Phil. 

Philip L. Francis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Tawni. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. PetSmart experienced some challenges and significant 
change in 2006, but we've emerged on firm footing and in a good position to take advantage of the opportunities before 
us in 2007. Throughout 2006, we saw continued evidence of the resilience of our model, its strong differentiation and 
its ability to attract the pet parent customer. We drove solid top line growth despite a tough consumer environment, 
fluctuating fuel prices, and some internal challenges. 

Our comp store sales growth was 4.6% for the fourth quarter and 5% for the year, and we delivered earnings per share 
of $0.56 in the fourth quarter and $1.33 for the year. PetSmart continues to operate in one of the fastest-growing and 
most attractive industries in all of retail. During the year, our competitive environment changed. With our closest 
competitor going private, we believe we're in a unique position to gain share and further strengthen our competitive 
position. 

So, we're intensely focused on our proven strategic growth-driving initiatives. At the same time, we're simplifying our 
work list. We're building on our core strengths. We're targeting our resources to where they can drive the most 
compelling returns, and we're taking structural costs out of this business. 

Our decision to exit the State Line Tack horse business is consistent with those goals. While our core business 
continues to grow and gain share, our horse business operates differently, attracts a different customer and is far less 
profitable. At the same time, the horse business requires unique resources, unique marketing programs and different 
supply chain processes, and it carries high structural costs. So, getting out of the State Line Tack business drives cost 
out of our model. It frees up resources and drives additional focus on the core pet offering, and because we plan to 
replace State Line Tack's square footage with higher-margin products or PetsHotels, it makes our stores more 
productive. 

That emphasis on our core business, productivity and cost control extends to the rest of the business as well. In 2007, 
we're taking a hard look at key pieces of our cost structure, with special focus on labor management and store supply 
lines, where we think we can drive meaningful cost reductions without compromising the customer experience. But, 
that kind of thinking goes well beyond the major expense lines. We built a management team that is focused on driving 
performance and efficiency in every area at all levels of our business. We expect this work to begin to bear fruit during 
2007 and to ramp up from there. As I said, we'll continue to invest in our Total Lifetime Care strategy and pursue 
initiatives that can drive ongoing growth that can generate the most value possible. 

We opened 82 net new stores in 2006 and are on pace to open about 100 net new stores in 2007, including our recently 
announced purchase of 19 stores in Canada. We have 33 stores in Canada today and a strong pipeline of available real 
estate. But the addition of those stores expands our reach, allows us to leverage our infrastructure across the region, and 
more quickly positions us as the largest pet specialty retailer in Canada, with opportunity for significant growth. New 
stores and our customer-focused storefront format give us a strong national presence and what we believe to be the best 
and most consistent shopping experience in the pet business. 

Services also continue to set us apart. In 2006, our services business grew beyond our expectations at 26%. Grooming, 
training, PetsHotels and day camps all performed well. The continued demand for the hotel is exciting. Many of our 
hotels were fully booked through the holiday season, and customers ask us daily to build a closer hotel for them. We're 
growing PetsHotels as fast as we can with quality, and are committed to opening 35 new hotels in 2007. 


In 2005, we rebranded our business from "Mart" to "Smart". That work was much more than a logo change. It was a 
commitment to help our customers – to our customers, to help them be smarter about being pet parents. Throughout 
2006, we worked on identifying how we can make that commitment a reality. And in 2007, we plan to implement 
several of the initiatives we tested in 2006. 

Finally, we believe our people, from the associates on the sales floor to our senior management team, create our most 
significant competitive advantage. We built a strong, dynamic team. As we look forward into 2007, they are excited 
about what's ahead. They are focused, they're disciplined, and they're driving execution at every level of the business. 

As you know, Tim Kullman, our CFO, will be leaving our business fairly soon. I wanted to close by thanking him and 
wishing him all the best. We continue to work hard at finding a permanent replacement for Tim, but are taking the time 
to ensure that we find the right person for the job. 

I will now turn the call over to Tim, who will take you through the financials. 

Timothy E. Kullman, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Phil; and hello, everyone. Our consolidated net income was $77 million, or about $0.56 per share, for the 
fourth quarter of 2006, including $0.02 of tax benefits. Without those benefits, we would have earned $0.54 cents a 
share in the fourth quarter. For the year, we earned $185 million, or $1.33 per share. We had several unusual items 
during the year, including tax benefits, costs for distribution center reracking, acquisition review expenses, and a 
change in accounting for early pay discounts. These items offset each other, and our 2006 income after these items was 
still $1.33. 

Our strong and consistent top line growth continued to drive our performance in 2006. At $1.17 billion, our total sales 
were up 11.1% in the fourth quarter, compared with $1.05 billion in the same period last year. Revenues for all of 2006 
were $4.2 billion, up 12.6% from 2005. And, as Phil mentioned, our comparable store sales, or sales in stores opened at 
least a year, grew 4.6% in the fourth quarter, on top of 4.5% growth last year, while comps for the year were 5%, on top 
of 4.2% growth in 2005. 

We opened 21 net new PetSmart stores in the fourth quarter, for a total of 82 net new stores during the year, each of 
which was in our new Eagle II format. 

Gross margins were 32.9%, down 23 basis points from the fourth quarter last year. We continued to benefit from our 
ongoing work to optimize prices and negotiate favorable terms with our suppliers. In addition, we saw some leverage in 
occupancy costs and we have a favorable comparison to the fourth quarter of 2005 when we had an increase in our on 
obsolescence reserve. Those improvements were offset by natural dilution from increasing penetration of our Services 
business and strong redemptions from our successful PetPerks program. In addition, we had some planned costs in our 
supply chain to increase service levels to the stores during the holiday season. We also had some year on year increases 
in costs for materials and transportation rates. 

Excluding the items I talked about earlier for both 2006 and 2005, gross margins for the year were 31.1%, a 12 basis 
point decrease from the 31.2% last year. Operating and G&A expenses came in at 21.9% of revenue for the fourth 
quarter versus 22% in the fourth quarter of 2005. The 2005 number excludes a little more than a penny of benefit from 
a settlement to resolve overcharging by a credit card company and a little more than a penny of benefit from an 
adjustment we made to our stock-based compensation expense. For all of 2006, operating and G&A expenses 
excluding the items I talked about earlier for both 2006 and 2005 were 23.2% of sales for 2006 compared to 23.3% in 
2005. 

At the end of the fourth quarter, our average inventory per store was $537,000 versus $484,000 in the fourth quarter of 
2005. Our inventory balance was somewhat higher than we would have liked at the end of the year. The increase is due 
in part to a strategic decision to increase inventory balances that will help us to maintain higher in-stock levels in our 
stores. We think our optimal level of inventory is a bit lower than the levels we saw at the end of the year. But the 
inventory we're looking at is good product and going forward, we don't see any issue in selling through the excess 


during the first quarter without the need for markdowns. Keep in mind that we will be opening a new distribution 
center in Atlanta and our inventory will ramp up again as we get the facility ready to operate. 

Capital expenditures were $86 million in the fourth quarter and about $245 million for all of 2006. In 2007, we expect 
CapEx of 250 to $260 million, which we will invest in about 100 net new stores including the reset of the 19 Super Pet 
stores in Canada, 200 Eagle II remodels, and 35 PetsHotels, as well as in basic infrastructure, maintenance, and 
systems. As you know, we are executing a long-term plan to keep our infrastructure just ahead of our growth so our 
2007 CapEx projection also includes some spending for a new, larger replacement Atlanta-based distribution center, 
which will open in 2007, as well as a replacement distribution center that will open in 2008. 

Cash provided by operating activities was $289 million in 2006, and we ended the year with total cash, cash 
equivalents, and short term investments of $229 million. Our ability to generate cash means we can invest in the 
business and at the same time provide shareholders with tangible returns in the form of share purchases and dividends. 
We bought back 1.3 million shares in the fourth quarter at an average price of $28.98 and during all of 2006, we bought 

6.3 million shares at an average price of $25.83. So far we've used about $160 million of our current $250 million share 
purchase authorization, which is available to us through August of 2007. 
On February 9, we paid a quarterly dividend of 3 cents a share to shareholders of record as of January 26, 2007. 

Let's talk about our outlook for 2007. Based on early trends, we expect comps in the first quarter to be in the low to mid 
single digits. For the full year, we expect to see comp sales in the mid single digits, right in line with our long record of 
consistent top line growth. 

We expect to continue to drive gross margin growth in our base business from flat to 20 basis points, which is in line 
with our near-term projections. That does not include the impact of the exit from our State Line Tack business or the 
benefit of the 53rd week. And with a focus on efficiency and driving down costs in the business, we anticipate about 20 
to 25 basis points of expense leverage for the full year which also excludes the impact of the exit from the State Line 
Tack business and the benefit of the 53rd week. 

As Phil mentioned, we're exiting our State Line Tack horse business as part of our work to simplify and focus our work 
list. To get that done, we'll record costs and write-offs in 2007 of about $24 million. We expect these expenses to be 
spread across the first three quarters of the year with the largest portion in the first quarter. We estimate an impact of 
about $0.12 per share in 2007 but believe this shift to higher productivity pieces of the business will become 
meaningfully accretive in 2008. 

We also estimate a net benefit of about $64 million or about $0.47 per share related to the sale of some of our 
ownership in MMI during the first quarter of 2007. This new ownership structure means that going forward, we will 
account for investment in MMI holdings using the equity method. This is a change from the cost basis and is reflected 
as a half cent per quarter positive impact on our business in 2007. 

Fiscal 2007 will include a 53rd week that we estimate will have an $0.08 per share impact. 

Bottom line, we expect earnings per share of $2.03 to $2.05 for the year, which includes the impact of the exit from the 
State Line Tack business, the impact of the stock transaction with MMI, and the change to the equity method of 
accounting for the MMI investment as well as the 53rd week of sales. 

For the first quarter, we estimate earnings of $0.73 to $0.74 per share, which includes about $0.07 per share in expense 
to exit the State Line Tack business, about $0.47 per share of benefit related to the MMI stock transaction, and about a 
half a cent per share of benefit for the change to the equity accounting for the investment in MMI. 

Lastly, we gave guidance on the schedule of our new store openings and closures for 2007 on our third quarter call. But 
that schedule has changed with our purchase of 19 stores in Canada. So let's take you through the new schedule. We 
will open approximately 100 net new stores in 2007 as follows. In the first quarter, we will open 24 stores and close 3. 
We will also open 27 stores in the second quarter and close 5. The third quarter will bring 47 new store openings and 4 
closures; and we will complete the year in the fourth quarter with 17 openings and 3 closures. 


You can see we will close approximately 15 stores in 2007 as compared to 10 stores in 2006. The closed store cost in 
the second quarter of 2007 will be higher than those recorded in 2006 and the increased number of new stores in Q3 of 
2007 will result in higher expenses in that quarter which will be partially offset by lower closed store costs. 

So as we look to 2007, we continue to be excited about PetSmart and its prospects. Our strategic initiatives should 
continue to drive meaningful top line growth and we should see the business generate a bit of gross margin expansion. 
Finally, we remain focused on driving down costs and expect operating expense leverage to increasingly contribute to 
overall profitability going forward. 

Thanks. I'll turn the call over to Bob for review of our operating initiatives. 

Robert F. Moran, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Tim. Our accomplishments in 2006 set us up for some exciting opportunities in 2007. In 2006, PetSmart grew, 
gained share of this attractive pet market, and continued to give pet parents reasons to visit our store and remain loyal 
to our business model. As Phil mentioned, our focus in 2007 is on simplifying our work list, focusing our resources, 
and building on our core strengths. We're extremely focused on consistency and execution and we believe they are the 
keys. 

Exiting our State Line Tack horse business focuses us on our core pet products and services business, where we can 
best operate efficiently and best serve our customers. While the State Line Tack horse business represents 2% of our 
total sales in 2006, it is our least profitable category and as Phil mentioned, it operates very differently than the rest of 
the business. 

We plan to close our State Line Tack departments in 180 of our stores and use the space to offer a bigger selection of 
pet products or to add pet hotels. In about a hundred State Line Tack stores, we'll replace equine square footage with 
more products our customers want. In many of these stores, key pet categories are currently underrepresented. The shift 
should improve in-stocks and product displays and we expect to see higher sales and higher gross margin dollars in 
these stores. 

We'll complete the remerchandising as part of our existing plan to refresh 200 stores with our new Eagle II format in 
2007 with State Line Tack stores simply being converted to Eagle II a bit earlier than originally scheduled. Though we 
have the experience and the dedicated resources to do the work efficiently and with little disruption to the customers 
and the operations of our stores, all State Line Tack departments will be completely converted no later than December 
1, putting us in strong position for the holiday season. And we remain on track to complete the Eagle II remodels in the 
rest of the chain by the end of 2008. 

Exiting State Line Tack also means we can get to our ultimate build-out of 435 pet hotels without the expenses and 
resources needed to relocate equine departments. About 80 of our State Line Tack stores are suitable for our PetsHotel. 
In 2007, we'll convert five in-store State Line Tack departments to PetsHotels. Permitting and plans for this remodeling 
work are already in place as these projects were on a list of 35 hotels planned for 2007. In the other 75 locations, we'll 
remerchandise the State Line Tack space with pet products in 2007 and convert them to PetsHotels as part of our 
planned rollout over the next few years. At the same time, we're exploring strategic alternatives for our equine catalog 
and eCommerce business including all of the inventory, the State Line Tack brand name, website, and our customer 
contact list as well as a direct ship and customer call center located in Brockport, New York. 

Let's turn to the base business and to what we're focusing on. New stores will continue to play an important role in our 
growth plan. The recently announced purchase of 19 stores in Canada is a solid strategic fit with our larger real estate 
strategy in North America and gives us an opportunity to really focus on growing our Canadian operations. Including 
these stores, we'll open about 100 net new stores in 2007. 

We have a rich real estate pipeline in both the United States and Canada and continue to feel good about our 
opportunities for a total build-out of 1,400 stores. Our new store growth gives us one of the fastest rates of square 
footage growth in all of retail. At the same time, it ensures we can open each new store with quality, without 


compromising execution, and with the right people to lead our operations and take care of our customers. 

Our Services business, which grew 22% in fourth quarter and 26% for the year, continued to differentiate PetSmart 
from the competition and be an important driver of our overall profitability. We expect Services revenues to grow at 
least 20% in 2007, our 7th year of growth at or above this level. 

PetsHotel, our boarding and day camp concept, continues to be one of the most exciting prospects for both our business 
and our customers. In 2006, we opened a total of 30 PetsHotels which keep in mind offer a fully integrated day camp 
service, ending the year with 62 hotels and 8 day camps. In 2007, we'll open an additional 35 hotels on our way to an 
ultimate build-out of 435 hotels. 

We continue to be pleased with results of our "Mart" to "Smart" advertising campaign, which has penetrated everything 
we do at PetSmart. Our commitment to make the customer smarter about being a pet parent has been paying off for us 
and our customer. Using data gathered by our PetPerks card program, we have learned a great deal about our 
customers, about what motivates them, and about how we can incent behaviors to build our overall market basket and 
increase loyalty to the PetSmart brand. We are using that knowledge to better target our direct marketing and to help 
customers find solutions to their pet parenting challenges. 

And we're seeing the results in the form of increased dollar per transaction from our PetPerks customers. We know for 
example that 4 million households in our trading areas will get a new dog or cat in 2007. Each of those new pets 
represents an opportunity to build a lasting bond with the new customer. So we have used our customer data to 
understand what a new pet parent needs and have built a new pet fixture around those needs. The new fixture is about 
12 feet long with two end caps. One side of the fixture is focused on puppy products while the other is focused on 
kitten. Both sides will have space for advanced nutrition food. The new pet fixture will be in the majority of our stores 
by May 2007. 

We also know the breadth of our pet offering and our sharp pricing gets customers in the door. From there, we work 
hard to convert them to advanced nutrition foods that are available only in our channel. The most powerful weapon in 
our arsenal is our associates who can help the customer make the best choices for their pets. So by May 2007, we'll 
complete an aisle reset in all our stores that places products with similar pricing and nutrition content together. The 
reset makes educating our customers simple for our associates and allows customers to more easily comparison shop on 
their own. Both new initiatives are compelling to our customers. Both simplify the conversation between our associates 
and the customers, which is the most important conversation in our business. 

Finally we're doubling our commitment to expense leverage in 2007. As we build efficiencies into our business and 
focus on simplifying our workload, there is a real opportunity for expense leverage. But I want to be clear; I'm not 
talking about expense leverage for the sake of expense leverage. I'm certainly not talking about cutting costs at the 
expense of our long term strategy or our growth. I'm talking about generating the maximum value the model will 
deliver. I'm talking about running the business well, being efficient, focusing on things that matter, and most important 
delivering a consistent experience to the customer. 

We're taking structural costs out of the business, getting out of high expense, low return adjacencies like State Line 
Tack. Focusing on our core, highly profitable business means we're allocating our investments and our management 
time on the few powerful things that drive the business. And at the store level, operating excellence which emphasizes 
retail basics like store cleanliness, short checkout lines, a strong in-stock position, and the care of the pets in our stores 
focuses us on our processes. 

The more we can simplify processes and make our stores easy to run, the more efficient we are. That lowers costs in 
key areas like labor and supplies. Our store managers can spend more time leading and less time managing task. Our 
associates can be more productive. It allows us to provide a consistently superior shopping experience, even as we 
grow. And it gives us more time to focus on and take care of our customers while lowering our operating costs and 
creating sustainable value for our shareholders. 

Thanks, and I'll turn the call back over to Phil. 


Philip L. Francis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Bob. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] The first question is from Alan Rifkin with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Alan Rifkin>: Yes, thank you. Congratulations on a nice quarter and nice year. A couple questions concerning 
your decision to exit Tack. Phil, do you anticipate any disruption to the ongoing operations as you exit this category? 
And then, speaking specifically to the 80 largest stores that you think are suitable for a hotel, could you maybe just 
provide a little bit more color as to – I'm assuming that these stores are larger. If you decide not to go with a hotel in 
these larger stores, what would be some of the incremental product categories that you would be adding to these 
already larger stores? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Alan, this is Phil. Thanks for your question. First it was, what about the 80 stores, and what are 
you going to do with them, I guess. The 80 stores are larger; it's generally the 26,000k boxes that were opened before 
2000 and before we went to a 26k box. Eighty of them will be hotels, and those you know we have a 19,000 foot new 
store left over. 

This is going to be a lot of really detailed work with [ph] Jim ROF and Jim ROI by store analysis of where the highest 
unused opportunity is to equalize [ph] Jim ROI and Jim ROF around the business. Best shelf level, store level 
economic analysis we've ever done, and the data from that store will tell us where the best market categories at the 
lowest returns have been based upon sales constraints. So this isn't going to be spread everything out. It isn't going to be 
spread out low margin goods. It's going to be taking high [ph] Jim ROI, Jim ROF categories and adding space to those. 
In a few cases it will be a bit more variety. 

As for the disruption, this is going to be pretty easy. If you think about our stores, they tend to have State Line Tack in 
a segregated area. We'll be doing some closeout work in those areas. When the space is gone, the reset is easier than a 
major reset of a store. If you think of a store with 100 things in it and you've got to reset 100 things, you've got no free 
space to work with. In this case, think of a store with 100 things, all the sudden it has 90 things in it. There is a hole 
from which to work, and it is easier, in terms of store disruption, to reallocate space because you created headroom 
when you got out of some of the product, which is roughly 2,500 or 2,800 feet per store. 

We go right to the Eagle II format. We know how to do this. And what we've done is the Eagle II teams who are going 
to be doing 200 stores anyway had where they're going to go rescheduled, in effect; but people know how to do this. It's 
just different stores, in some cases, in 2007 than were going to be done in 2007. But we'll get every one of the State 
Line Tack stores, probably finish off a couple of districts, and then do the rest of the store next week. So, in a sense, the 
State Line Tack reset work, rather than a brand new agenda item, gets molded into the Eagle II work anyway, and 
because they have got a hole to work with in terms of space, it's easier than if they have to redo a whole store. 

<Q - Alan Rifkin>: So, does the possibility exist that in 2007, we could see significantly more than the 35 hotels 
added, or would you unequivocally rule that out? 

<A - Philip Francis>: I would think we're on track for 35 hotels, and we end up with -- the engineering and the 
permitting for that is pretty well set. We're very aware that in subsequent years, we'll hope we can ramp that up and any 
guidance we give on that would be done in the fall Analyst day. For now, we're quite confident that 35 is the number, 
and what we've – remember, the hotel – [inaudible] 35 roster was done on a market-based approach, not where we have 
a store-based approach; and in a lot of cases, we realize that where the markets for hotels were with a State Line Tack 
business, it was going to be more complicated to try to build a store three miles away and move the product. This way, 
we've simplified what that work was going to be; and again, this whole State Line Tack thing is shorter work list, fewer 


species, more focus, and we're getting out of our lowest-return and lowest-growth business, and by allocating work and 
space to the better businesses, we think it's good for us. 

<Q - Alan Rifkin>: One more question, if I may, before I turn it over to some of my colleagues. With respect to your 
largest specialty retailer that you mentioned went private, what new strategic initiatives, if any, out of them, or what 
new marketing or merchandising strategies out of them are you seeing from your vantage point, if any? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Hi, Alan; this is Phil again. We are respectful and we are watchful. I don't have an affirmative 
response to what we've seen that I could report to you yet. Our focus is we've got a very attractive work list, it's very 
big, we're very busy and we're focusing on ourselves; but rather than respect and watch, why, I have nothing to report 
on them. 

<Q - Alan Rifkin>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Thanks a lot, and good afternoon. I would like to start out just by getting some more details 
on the MMI transaction. What kind of equity ownership will this leave you with, and voting rights, and does this relate 
at all to your ultimate intentions to potentially consolidate the vet operation? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Matt, this is Phil. We're going to end up with 20.5% voting. That is an increase in our voting 
shares, and it's that increase in voting shares which triggers the equity accounting. As we have listened to several 
shareholders, I can report to you a fairly consistent lament that people would like visibility more than we've had, and by 
going to the equity method of accounting, we're going to add visibility and some degree of monetization to what this 
investment has meant. 

When you say consolidation, I can't guarantee or predict the future very much. Remember, our partner here is Mars. 
They are privately held. They are enthused about their private status, and so I would not suggest that this is a prelude to 
further consolidation of either the vet business or our position in it. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: And what's your economic interest going to be? 

<A - Philip Francis>: 20.5%. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: So, economic equals voting in this instance? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Correct. Our entire interest is now voting. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Got you; understood. Second question, you had discussed, in the second and the third quarter, 
some residual investments, if you would, in the business, which I think you had indicated would be about a penny or so 
a share in the fourth quarter. I know you mentioned a number of items in the discussion of the P&L, but if you can just 
clarify whether, in fact, those did materialize in the January quarter? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Yes, Matt, we said in the second quarter call and again in the third quarter call that in total 
for the second half, there would be about $7 million worth of expenses for investments that we were pulling forward. 
We reported in the third quarter call that 3.4 million of those investments took place. The remainder of those did take 
place in the fourth quarter, to the total of the 7 million that we indicated. So they, in fact, did impact the bottom line, as 
we had instructed you that they would. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Got you. And then, finally, your two-year comp trend held quite consistently, really, through 
the year -- quite remarkably. In the first quarter, if you look at your guidance to a low- to mid-single digit comp store 
sales number, that would imply a little bit of deceleration. I know you're guiding essentially to an in-line comp for the 
year overall, but if you could give us any color on what's leading to that first quarter comp guidance, that would be 
helpful. 


<A - Philip Francis>: Matt, this is Phil. Essentially, this is how we think the business is going to flow. We've had, as 
you would know where I think you live, the weather has been a little bit of a problem, though that ought to be 
normalized by the end of the quarter. The bigger issue here is you look at some of our initiatives. The new pet fixture is 
a quarter two, three, four effect. 

The other things we're talking about are basically quarters two, three, and four. The reset of various things we've 
spoken about and the equine stuff will progress through the year, so for the fresh initiatives that we have going, they are 
rich and the food reset happened, so we are mini-initiative rich quarters two, three, and four, but they're not going to 
help Q1 very much; and so, early in the quarter, we're being thoughtful. We do think confident, mid-single digits for 
the year. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Great; thank you so much. 

Operator 

Your next question is there David Schick with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - David Schick>: Hey, how are you? Question on the inventory; you talked about it was up. It was up – you wanted 
it up, but it was up a little higher than that. Could you talk what the optimal number would have been, so how much 
you were versus where you would want to be? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: David, this is Tim. I would tell you that somewhere between where we were ending the 
fourth quarter this year and where we ended the fourth quarter last year would be a more optimal level by store; but the 
fact of the matter is, we were not going to sacrifice being in-stock at high levels, particularly during the holiday selling 
season, and we have good product on hand. It's very saleable product, and there will be no problem getting through that 
product, especially when you consider the fact that we'll get through it without any markdowns in the first quarter. 

<Q - David Schick>: Okay, second question is on the profitability of the Service businesses in aggregate. Can you talk 
about how the profitability of that group is, and then maybe walk us through whether -- how hotels in particular are 
aging, and what you're seeing, and how that compares to your planning for the profitability ramp in those businesses? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. The Services, the story stays consistent here, and it stays consistent across the four 
services, and it stayed consistent as the hotels, as the youngest big initiative aged. The hotels are certainly twice the 
profitability of the core product offering that we have. We have indicated operating margins start with a number which 
is two, and that has been consistent over time. It's consistent across the services, and the story remains intact. 

<Q - David Schick>: Okay. Great, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Jason West with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jason West>: Yeah, thanks. I was wondering if you could go in a little more detail in terms of the margin outlook 
for the year. I mean, there's a lot of moving parts. It doesn't sound like you guys are assuming any markdowns, even 
though we're entering the year with a pretty heavy balance. Just any more color you can provide on your confidence 
levels in the gross margin and the SG&A outlook? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Well, on the gross margin line, we indicated back even at Analyst day that our near-term 
projections would be between flat to about 20 basis point improvement, overall, in gross margins and about 20 to 25 
basis points of expense leverage to drive our future profitability. We intend to deliver that, as we said we would; and in 
terms of where we're getting that from, I guess is where your question really was, is we continue to see good results 
from pricing optimization. We continue to see very good results from our ability to negotiate very favorable terms with 
our vendors. So it's going to come from the places it has typically come from, including occupancy leverage as well. 


<Q - Jason West>: Okay, and can you guys give an update on the traffic versus ticket in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Sure. Again, as we indicated to you in the third quarter, we had favorable traffic and tickets: 
70% traffic, 30% ticket. 

<Q - Jason West>: And, I guess, into the first quarter here, any noticeable change in that that has led to the change in 
guidance? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: I think we'll say that we'll report to you what that was when we get into the first quarter call. 

<Q - Jason West>: Okay; thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Good afternoon. The first question is on the State Line Tack change, what's the cadence through 
the year of that exit? It sounds like most of it is in the first quarter, but I guess I'm wondering in terms of the new 
product being put into that space, what is the cadence of that effort? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: The financial impact is primarily in the first quarter, and then less so in the second and third 
quarters. The remerchandising effort is going to take three quarters. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Okay, and then can you give us any detail on the productivity of that space right now, either on a 
sales per square foot or gross margin per square foot basis? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. It's hard for us to do a definitive bit of work there, because it's been so integrated 
into our business. We don't have a calculation, which we tried to make many assumptions you have to make. I can 
confirm it's lowest growth, it's lowest return, it's the slowest inventory turns. On the various five or six metrics you 
would take, that species would be the bottom performer on all of those. 

I can perhaps add a little color to your comment on pace. We'll be doing – I mean, think of this roster of 175 or 180 
stores. The stores with the smallest footages and the lowest sales will be done first, because we'll be using the largest 
volume stores to handle the markdowns as effectively as we possibly can. I think Tim gave you a number for all the 
markdowns associated with equine is in one consolidated number he gave you; the $24 million he gave you is inclusive 
of all the markdowns, and we'll try to account for that separately so we can have as much visibility as we can for both it 
and the rest of the business. But the last stores that will be converted in the latter part of the year will be what is today 
the currently the highest-volume and best-performing of the stores, so from a benefit point of view, we're going to get 
the better product where equine performs worst today first. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Got it, that's helpful; and then, secondly, just to touch on the Canadian market for a minute, about 
how big – how many stores can that market support, and what does the competitive landscape look like? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Well, Canada, if you listen to other retailers, they would say Canada as compared to the United 
States is something like 10% and round up. That would tell you that -- when we haven't done the work yet for all of 
Canada, because we're currently in what I would call Central as well as Western Canada and not in the East and the 
Maritimes. If you took that number that other industries would use, you could probably start with 200 and start working 
down from there. We'll probably be able to say, when we get to the October call, more definitive information there. 
This acquisition gets us to 53; so, there's probably room in the country for 100 or more stores beyond this acquisition. 
We do have an aggressive real estate program that has been in place there. 

Competition-wise, there has been really no clear number one in Canada. If you could say there's two A and B and C 
plus mass plus grocery plus club plus mom and pops; there are a lot of people up there that sell pet goods, but in an 
extraordinarily narrowly-defined pet specialty world, we might have been 2A and Super Pet might have been 2B. There 
still remains a strong operator focused on the western part of the country. There is a different format of smaller stores in 


a franchise that are nearly national. There's lots of regional competition, as well as mass, grocery and club. In pet 
specialty, as you narrowly define it, it would put us clearly in the number one position with at least a hundred stores to 
go. We will be more definitive in the fall at our Analyst day. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Nancy Hoch with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Great, thank you. Tim, can you give us an idea, is there any meaningful change in CapEx or 
expenses between a regular Eagle II remodel and one in the State Line Tack stores? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Not appreciably. We're looking at a $50,000 Eagle II remodel CapEx cost. There might be 
some incremental fixturing, but it would be inconsequential. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Okay, and then just one other housekeeping question. On the 35 new hotels for this year, how 
many of those would be the traditional larger hotel versus that 5,500 square foot format you previewed in the fall? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. Most are the larger one. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Okay. Any updates on how that smaller hotel test is progressing? 

<A - Philip Francis>: We've got one, really, to measure; so don't get carried away with how good our data is here. As 
we are doing this, it looks like, in a portfolio as we go forward -- and I see these and I am fairly engaged -- most of 
them are going to be larger, and I think we had some talk even that there was three different sizes. I don't think we're 
going to do the smallest size. I think we're essentially going to have a 7,000 foot one and about a 5,000 foot one. Most 
of them will be 7,000. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Okay, and then Bob, I know in the fall, a lot of your systems enhancements focused on the 
warehouse management system. What is next on the systems front, in terms of your investments? 

<A - Robert Moran>: Most of the work has been on two fronts, really, the warehouse management and labor 
management in our DCs. What's coming in our stores this year is the labor management system, so in a sense it really 
gets us structured to really take advantage of the latter part of '07 and into '08 without compromising our customer 
experience. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Presumably is this one of the levers you can pull for your expense control in '07? 

<A - Robert Moran>: That is a contributor to it. There are many other things that are in there. We're talking about 
simplifying our business. We're looking at our tasks. We're into process re-engineering. We're really focusing on 
looking at various levels of expenses. All these things will contribute and add up to our promise to expense leverage in 
'07. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Peter Benedict with Wachovia. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Thanks guys for taking my question, just a couple. First just to circle back to the inventory, can 
someone comment on what makes you guys so confident that you're going to be able to exit the inventory without the 
markdowns, just maybe a little more color on the makeup of the inventory at year end that would give us some comfort 
on that front? 


<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. I mean, you didn't – really let me add to your question a bit so I can answer it. First, 
it's not leftover Christmas. Secondly, a lot of it is consumables; and thirdly, we have enough weeks here, the inventory 
is coming down by the week, and though it's early days in the quarter, this is work that is underway. We haven't broken 
traction, and I think the description Tim gave which I could only echo is this is good product, not bad product, and over 
13 weeks with thoughtful people on the case, this will come down. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Fair enough. The other follow-up would be given the year-over-year delta in fuel costs that we 
could be seeing over the next several months as we anniversary the big fuel hikes of last year, any sense of when 
transportation costs will become a benefit for you guys? It sounded like Tim might have mentioned that it was a 
negative in the fourth quarter. Can you just comment on that, please? Thanks. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Let me repeat what I think I said. I think I said transportation rates, that's line costs; that's 
not fuel related. We actually had a minor positive on the fuel side, so we didn't have an incremental cost that would 
detract from gross margin on the fuel side. 

<A - Philip Francis>: Let me add as well here. When we open the new DC in Atlanta, we're going to take so many 
miles out of our network that we're going to get some help there. I mean today, a store in Miami, Florida is getting hard 
goods from essentially Columbus, Ohio. When we open that DC, a store in Miami is going to be getting hard goods 
from near Atlanta, Georgia and being able to shift more stores closer to their DC, which that does, is going to take 
miles out and should be a bigger deal than anything other than the most crazy fuel issues I could imagine. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: That's great. When is the Atlanta facility expected to open? 

<A - Philip Francis>: It opens in the second quarter and the productivity inside the facility will take a full quarter to 
ramp but the transport miles reductions happens fast. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Great, and just one last question. The increase in grain prices, corn prices, et cetera, there is a 
lot of talk about the bird feed business. Can you just talk about what price inflation you've been seeing to any of your 
pet food and your ability to pass it along? Thanks. 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. We watched that one and the bottom line is we haven't seen much. About two 
years, ago the pet food industry seemed to have sort of a Shazam event when everybody went at the same time. We 
have experienced a little bit but they have been erratic. They haven't been focused. Not everybody is going at the same 
time. 

With what's going on with commodities, corn is fairly important in some of the pet foods. One would think it would 
show up and a little bit has shown up. There could be some future Shazam event coming that I don't know about but to 
date, while watchful, we have seen a little bit. It has been erratic; it has been spread out. It has been nothing like the 
event when we had just about everybody going six weeks a couple years ago. I know of nothing like that coming. There 
has been a bit driveling in. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Great, thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question is with David Mann with Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David Mann>: Thank you. Good afternoon. Can you talk a little bit about your marketing plan for '07 in terms of 
the mix of marketing and the percentage of revenues you expect to spend? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Tim is going to look up the number thing and let me do some of the qualitative stuff. This is 
Phil. There will not be radical shifts in our media mix during '07. The directional change over the last several years has 
been print becoming a less important part of what we do, and as we now – we don't consider ourselves nearly done in 
CRM, but we think CRM testing is over. We would call it productive today and going to be more productive in the 
future. So both by minor mix shift and when you take sales up 4 – $450 million a year, a constant rate generates in 


effect some new dollars. 

A disproportionate number of the new dollars would go to the PetPerks program both communication with the 
customers as well as spend and so we are going to see more direct, a little less print, not greatly different on TV and 
radio and Tim has probably got some metrics here for you on rates. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: David, on a net basis which means net of our co-op, it will be about the same as it was in 
2006 overall, which is about 2%. That will be a little bit more heavily weighted to the second half of the year and then 
of course, as Phil mentioned, that is exclusive of the PetPerks related costs which will be a little higher and in our gross 
margin. 

<Q - David Mann>: And in terms of some of the actions that your new marketing executive is doing, I guess at the 
analyst meeting you highlighted a couple of your pilot programs. Can you talk about any traction on those tests and 
should we expect a lot of other initiatives along those lines? 

<A - Philip Francis>: David, this is Phil. For competitive reasons, we're not going to say here are five that really 
worked and here are five that didn't work. I would be confident in saying that we have now tested several dozen. A nice 
number of them have proven to be good and we are using those on a schedule that can vary by store, by region, by time 
of the period, and whatever. It is going to be a very difficult thing for a competitor to figure out or to respond to 
cohesively, but we are doing more than that, and while I think we are going to get better and better, I would claim today 
that this isn't a test. This isn't fragile, this isn't a maybe. We are doing this activity and we think it's helping with what 
has I would call been baked into our guidance. 

<Q - David Mann>: If I can ask a question about supply chain, I think at the beginning of the call you talked about 
supply chain being the focus, yet I think in one of Tim's answers, he didn't call out supply chain as being a driver of 
gross margin. Can you just elaborate a little more if you've got some of these new systems that you've just rolled out, 
why would we not expect some benefit from some of your supply chain actions? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Well, David, some of that is going to be mitigated because of the Atlanta DC that's coming 
up in 2007. So it's going to take, as Phil mentioned, at least a quarter to get that geared up and to be more efficient. So 
it's a little early to call it out too quickly, but you can imagine that as we do the work that Bob alluded to on both the 
warehouse management system and the labor management side, we'll begin to see some benefit later in the year. 

<A - Philip Francis>: And David, I think out of our several DCs, I believe that the warehouse management system by 
this fiscal year end will be in two of them, and by the end of next year, end of next year, 2008 fiscal, it will be in all of 
them including the replacements we're going to open in '08 as well. As we do these DCs and with the schedule we have 
for warehouse management, you can look for transport help every time we open one, but the leveraging part of that 
particular bit of the supply chain, we would expect to have a very heavy payoff in '09 and some payoff in '08, but 
timing-wise and the way its flow, we misspoke if we let you think that the warehouse management system was big 
enough to have impact against new store opening during '07. If we said that, we misspoke. 

<Q - David Mann>: I just wanted to clarify that, and then one last question on the inventory rise. Can you just give us 
a sense given that comps were basically in line and revenues were in line, how did it come to pass that inventory could 
have jumped like that in basic items and just the mechanics of that if you would? 

<A - Robert Moran>: David, this is Bob. Let me take that question. We talked all last year about our focus on 
in-stocks. We also said that started with a third party giving us an insight that we were one of the few retailers that have 
been rewarded by being in-stock. We always test, we always pilot those types of ideas and concepts and if you really 
look at '06 as one of the testing years to really look at enough data to say – enough data points to say what is our 
optimal levels of inventory, I think we're walking out of '06 with enough data points that as we go into '07 coupled with 
the work on the supply chain, we can get to a more optimal level in our stores and our DCs with the inventory levels, so 
it somewhat was a test. 

We were testing some of the optimal levels, what we thought was going to happen in the fourth quarter. It didn't really 
generate the level of sales we thought it would create. However, that gave us a tremendous amount of learnings to go 


into '07 with. 

<Q - David Mann>: And in terms of in-stock, what percentage would you call out now for your top SKUs? 

<A - Robert Moran>: We really haven't disclosed that, but I have to tell you it has probably been the best in the 
company's history. 

<Q - David Mann>: Okay, great. Thank you for the time. 

Operator 

The next question is from Jonathan Cramer with Cowen. 

<Q - Jonathan Cramer>: Good afternoon. I just wanted to get a little more color on the Canadian acquisition. If you 
could discuss for instance metrics of the acquisition, how it's going to roll out, and since they are smaller stores, what is 
your merchandising strategy? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. This is 19 stores. Their size are 10 to 20,000 feet, probably with about an equal 
number at 10 and 20. Our own Canadian prototype is somewhat smaller than our US prototype. It's about 16,000 feet 
versus 20 and the range on these is 10 to 20, so a few of them are bigger than our Canadian prototype. 

Each of them has a groom shop in it already. So there is not the CapEx or the space problem of finding grooming 
capacity, which is a very important part of our model. We think we can strengthen the grooming performance inside 
those stores and I would say to you we bought a profitable group of stores, not an unprofitable group of stores, so we're 
enthused about being able to leverage our Canadian infrastructure. And to the degree that this is a 10,000 foot store 
that's profitable with a groom shop in it, we expect to harvest some learnings as we consider small prototypes for either 
smaller rural towns or city environments which we think both would require smaller stores but with perhaps a slightly 
different flavor. 

So this is a nice little bolt-on. It gives us a bigger presence in the narrow pet specialty business inside Canada. We don't 
have CapEx or model problems because we would have to either go without or put groom shops in these stores and 
we're enthused about this little bolt-on acquisition. We're getting done hopefully to close around Memorial Day. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Brian Nagel with UBS. 

<Q - Brian Nagel>: Hi, good afternoon, just a couple questions. First off with respect to your fiscal 2007 guidance, 
you guys had previously guided to a growth of 17 to 19%. I assume that did not include the extra week. I just want a 
clarification on that. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: That's correct. 

<Q - Brian Nagel>: So the extra week is nil. The second question with respect to the State Line Tack move, have you 
guys looked at the makeup of that customer that comes in and how much they may be purchasing horse related 
products and other pet related products at the same time, so is there overlap in that traffic? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Good question, and the answer is yes, and this is something PetPerks did for us. What we said 
for ten years is that there is a great overlap here. In the statistics which are true, we could point to is that 92% of owners 
have a dog and 84 of them have a cat and they all own this species and so this is great and it's an obvious thing for us to 
do. 

Now that we have PetPerks, we've done deep dives on the actual cross-shopping, and we are 
disappointed/flabbergasted at how little cross-shopping there is and one of the things that gave us confidence that this 
was not going to hurt our business but would help us is we had to recalibrate when we got real data from PetPerks on 


cross-shopping and it was far less than we imagined but we're dealing with facts rather than just speculative logic, 
which is what we had been working on for ten years and the cross-shopping is shockingly small. That's one of the 
reasons that makes us comfortable with the decision. 

<Q - Brian Nagel>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question is from David Cumberland with Baird. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: Thanks. On your Q4 EPS, that was at the low end of guidance excluding tax benefits. In 
what areas, whether sales or margins, were results slightly less than you planned to cause EPS at the low end? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: I think that if you take a look at the overall P&L, where we probably ended up being not as 
performance oriented as we would like to have been was on the expense line. We still have work to do there. You heard 
the commitment that Bob spoke to on the call to 2007 expense leverage. That is our goal going forward. And I can't tell 
you how much hard work is being done and the other impact I had mentioned to you is there's a little on the W&D side 
because I mentioned to you earlier that we were more focused on the service levels at the stores, so those were the two 
most prominent areas I think we need to improve. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: And based on Phil's response to a question on inventory, it sounded like holiday related 
sales and sell-through was on plan. Is that right? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: That's correct. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: My other question on the 53rd week, $0.08 seems disproportionately high. Why would 
that be? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Well, keep in mind that we don't incur an additional week of our fixed costs, primarily 
occupancy, utilities, and depreciation. Those are very sizable numbers for us, and the flow through of the sales and 
gross profit are at a higher conversion rate than any other normalized period. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Tim, the $0.12 charge for the State Line exit this year, does that include the cost of liquidating the 
inventory for that business? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Yes, it did. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Why would the State Line exit then not be accretive to the 2007 earnings? I can understand why 
it's going to benefit '08, but why not '07? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Well, since we're going to be taking most of '07 to transition out of the business, any 
accretive nature would be essentially mitigated by all the costs we're incurring to get out. It would be very immaterial. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: But excluding the $0.12 cost to get out of the business, still the exit of that business would not help 
earnings in 2007. Is that correct? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: That is a safe assumption. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: At the November analyst meeting, you had set a goal in 2011 of an operating margin near or at 
11%. Did that forecast take into account the possibility of exiting State Line Tack? 


<A - Timothy Kullman>: At that time and I believe the number we quoted was about 10%. 
<Q - Dan Wewer>: Excuse me, 10%, you're right. 
<A - Timothy Kullman>: And it did not contemplate exiting the State Line Tack business. 
<Q - Dan Wewer>: So does that 10% now go to 11? 
<A - Timothy Kullman>: I think that work is left to be done and that's a good topic for us to talk to you about on 


Analyst day next year. 


<Q - Dan Wewer>: And just finally in subtracting out all of the different items in 2007, it looks like you're guiding to 
around 20% EPS growth if you use the midpoint of the $2.04 estimate. 
<A - Timothy Kullman>: On the high end, that's correct. 
<Q - Dan Wewer>: And yet it looks like the first quarter is getting off to a mediocre start. I'm trying to figure out what 


would account for such a large ramp up in the following three quarters. 


<A - Timothy Kullman>: Phil mentioned several minutes ago and outlined many of the initiatives that we were going 
to employ in 2007 that are really second third and fourth quarter related. 
<Q - Dan Wewer>: Is there much room for error or do all of these initiatives, is it critical that they work to get to that 


$1.59 estimate? 


<A - Timothy Kullman>: I think we've been very careful and thoughtful in the guidance that we've provided, so I 
think that we are trying to deliver the results that we think we can get to in 2007. 
<Q - Dan Wewer>: Great, thanks and good luck. 


Operator 

Your next question is from Vivian Ma with CIBC World Markets. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: Thank you, good afternoon. I'm wondering your guidance for 2007, that probably excludes the 
Canadian acquisition. Is that right? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: We're assuming that the Canadian acquisition is going to be about breakeven for us in 2007. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: Okay, and then maybe some clarification on your comments regarding the gross margin opportunity 
in '07. You mentioned that you may be getting some leverage on occupancy, and I understand the proportion of 
younger stores is growing within your store base and probably the new stores have higher rent, so I'm just wondering 
how as you continue to open 100 stores, how would you manage to get leverage on those fixed costs. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Well, Vivian, as we go forward, our base continues to get bigger. Therefore, the impact on 
the newer stores has less of an impact on the overall basis point impact on our gross margin. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: And then as far as PetPerks, you mentioned that year-over-year, those costs within your gross 
margin are going to be a little bit higher, right? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: We said that the promotional costs related to PetPerks will be slightly higher in '07. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: Okay, so basically when I think about the drivers for your gross margin, pricing optimization, 
would that be right to say that that's the biggest driver? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: It's a two-pronged approach. Don't forget we do a very, very good job of negotiating with 
our suppliers. 


<Q - Vivian Ma>: Okay, one last question actually. Again back on your Canadian stores, can you comment on the 
performance of your Canadian stores versus the Super Pet stores you acquired excluding the grooming business? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Vivian, this is Phil. I don't think that would be appropriate. We view our Canadian store 
business as a good business. We have been on a different services strategy. We have been on a different variety 
strategy. We have been on a different live goods strategy from them. We're going to try to take the best of both and that 
will be the way we go forward in 53 stores. These are generally like our stores and they're certainly pet specialty stores, 
but there will be a good bit of work and blending going on in all 53 to come up with both the base stores being better as 
well as upgrading the financial performance of the stores we're acquiring. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We have a follow-up question from Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Just a very quick one. On the balance sheet, you had a $60 million line item I believe for 
restricted cash. I just want to know what that relates to. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Matt, this is Tim. The restricted cash supports our letters of credit. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: So is that something that popped up for the first time? I noticed you didn't have a year ago. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: No, it has been there since the second quarter of this year. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Okay, I apologize for the technical question. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

We are out of time for questions. Mr. Francis, would you like to proceed with closing remarks? 

Philip L. Francis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

That wraps up today's call. We very much appreciate you joining us. Thanks for your participation and we'll talk to you 
again I think in about 12 weeks. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


