Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Tawni Adams, Director of Investor Relations 
• Philip L. Francis, Chief Executive Officer 
• Raymond L. Storck, Vice President of Finance, Chief Accounting Officer, and Acting Chief Financial Officer 
• Robert F. Moran, President and Chief Operating Officer 
Other Participants 

• Peter Benedict 
• David Mann 
• Matthew Fassler 
• David Schick 
• Matt Nemer 
• Nancy Hoch 
• Brian Nagel 
• David Cumberland 
• Michael Baker 
• Gary Balter 
• Jonathan Cramer 
• Joseph Feldman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, my name is Thea and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Quarter 1 2007 Analysts Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the 
conference over to Ms. Adams. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Tawni Adams, Director of Investor Relations 

Good afternoon, and welcome to PetSmart's conference call to announce our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2007. 
With me on the call today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phil Francis; our President and Chief Operating 
Officer, Bob Moran; as well as Ray Storck, Vice President of Finance, Chief Accounting Officer, and Acting Chief 
Financial Officer. So we will kick off the call today with an overview of our first quarter. Then Ray will take you 
through the details of our financials and our outlook for the coming year, and Bob will update you on our strategic 
growth initiatives and our ongoing work to drive meaningful shareholder returns, and finally, we will take your 
questions. 

Please keep in mind that everything we cover during today's call, including the question-and-answer session, is subject 
to the Safe Harbor statement for forward-looking information you'll find in today's news release. And we will post a 
reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures we discuss on the call to the most directly comparable GAAP 
measure in the Investor Relations section at www.petm.com. Thanks, and I will now turn the call over to Phil. 


Philip L. Francis, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Tawni, and hello, everyone, and thanks to you for joining us. PetSmart delivered a solid performance in the 
first quarter despite a pet food recall unlike anything we've ever experienced in the industry. We stayed true to our 
promise to provide total lifetime care to every pet, every parent, every time. It was our ability to execute on that 
promise that defined our performance for the quarter. Our top-line growth continues to be among the best in specialty 
retail at 9.9%. Comparable-store sales, or sales in stores at least open at least one year, grew at 4%. We drove 
bottom-line results for the quarter of 76 cents per share or 34 cents per share excluding the impact of the exit of our 
State Line Tack business and the MMI stock transaction. 

This performance demonstrates that we have built a business model that remains strong even when faced with 
adversity. The pet food recall was frustrating, confusing and at times a bit scary. It wasn't just a recall; it was personal. 
It hit close to home for many of our customers and many of us. From March 16 through the end of the quarter, we saw 
a total of 305 SKUs from 16 brands recalled. In all, about 2.3% of our total SKUs were impacted by the recall. Most of 
the product was wet food with a few SKUs of both dry food and treats. We experienced more than a dozen separate 
announcements of recalled product over the last seven weeks of the quarter. The media coverage increased with each 
announcement. Our proprietary research tells us that 95% of pet parents were aware of the recall by the end of the 
quarter. With that level of awareness, it is clear that the impact of the recalls stretched beyond just those customers who 
bought food that was impacted. 

At PetSmart, we executed well during the recall because of who we are and our unwavering commitment to our 
customers. We immediately removed product from our shelves. We provided accurate and timely information through 
our website and within our stores. We reached out to our customers through PetPerks direct marketing program and we 
worked with our customers to find solutions to their issues by helping them find vet care and in some cases paying vet 
bills. We also helped them find alternatives to recalled product from the variety we offer in our stores. All of this helps 
to drive long-term brand loyalty for our business, but in the short term, there was still a lot of consumer uncertainty. 

Unfortunately, all the media attention created more confusion than clarity, as the facts were continuously changing and 
often vague. Our stores experienced increased foot traffic as customers came in to find information, return product, and 
visit Banfield, The Pet Hospital. Customers were looking for some certainty that their pet food was safe. Unfortunately, 
that certainty did not come. In fact, although the business performed well in the initial weeks following the recall, we 
saw customers grow increasingly wary of an expanding recall list and lack of conclusive evidence of the cause. Our 
research shows that, of the pet parents that were aware of the recall, 12% actually changed their behavior. They 
changed to another brand, stopped feeding wet food, used what they had at home, or changed perhaps temporarily or 
likely temporarily, to feeding home-cooked food. 

Like many other retailers, we experienced some softness in sales in April. Our consumer surveys and internal analysis 
indicates that the weakness was mostly related to the compounding effect of consumer uncertainty about the recall. In 
addition, we know that of the pet parents who have reduced their spending on pet supplies, a small portion did so 
because of the pressure they felt from increasing gas prices. We believe that many of the reactions to the recall are 
short-term, so we are working to drive traffic back into our stores and regain customer confidence. We are ensuring that 
our stores look great, we are restocking our shelves with a full selection of product, and we are reaching out to our 
customers with information on the healthiest food options and are ready with educated associates to answer questions 
in the store. 

We gained some trust with pet parents when we used the PetPerks card to reach out to customers and notify them of the 
possible danger to their pet during the recall. We had a number of customers tell us that, after many years of carrying 
loyalty cards, finally someone did something with the information that they considered valuable, possibly saving the 
life of their pet. So we think we can continue to use the card to reach out to pet parents and invite them back into our 
store. 

Our recent work on our food aisle reset should put us in a good position to educate the pet parent, and help them find 
the right food with the best nutrition for their pet. During this month, while we complete the reset in all of our stores, 


the food aisle reset places products of similar pricing and nutrition content together. It makes it easier for pet parents to 
comparison-shop, and easier to train our associates to have meaningful conversations with our customers. 

We know that a good portion of our new business comes from pets entering households. Our new store growth and our 
ability to attract and retain new pet parents are important factors in growing our business. We opened 20 net new stores 
in the first quarter on our way to about 100 net new stores for the year. We will also finish installing our new pet fixture 
in all of our stores this month. The fixture has one side devoted to kitten/new cat, and the other to puppy or new dog, 
with ample space devoted to advanced nutrition food. 

We operate in one of the fastest-growing and most attractive industries in all of retail. The humanization of the pet has 
been the driver of our industry. For us to be successful and maintain our growth, we have to continue to earn the right 
to be a trusted advisor to the pet parent. 

Our services business continues to grow and be a powerful solution to many of the challenges that our customers face. 
Next to the vet, trainers are the most respected associates in our stores. Our grooming and training associates do much 
more than help maintain the health and happiness of the pet. To make it easier for our pet parents to build a lot lasting 
bond with their pet, we have grooming and training in each of our stores, and had 70 hotels open at the end of the 
quarter. 

So we are intensely focused on our proven strategic growth-driving initiatives. At the same time, we're continuing our 
work to simplify, build on our core strengths, and target our resources where they can drive the most compelling 
returns. We are moving forward with exiting the State Line Tack business. We've been making progress in phasing out 
our State Line Tack departments in our stores, and we have sold the assets associated with our equine, Internet and 
catalog businesses and will be pursuing a sale of our Brockport, New York distribution center. 

We are also moving forward with our work to drive meaningful cost reductions without compromising the customer 
experience. Our management team remains focused on simplifying processes, labor management, and store supply 
lines. In the first quarter, we worked hard to manage expenses and use our resources wisely. I'm happy to report that we 
leveraged expenses for the quarter. So we're off to a good start for the year. We've executed well through this recall, 
and we have some exciting new initiatives in place and we are on target for expense leverage for the year. 

I will close by telling you that we are progressing on our CFO search. We are committed to finding the right person for 
the job and will make an announcement as soon as we can. We have very competent financial support here at PetSmart 
and that has allowed us the time to find the right candidate. We have named Ray Storck our Acting CFO, and he'll be 
taking you through the financial review of the quarter. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ray. 

Raymond L. Storck, Vice President of Finance, Chief Accounting Officer, and 
Acting Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Phil, and hello, everyone. Our consolidated net income was $106.7 million, or about 78 cents per share for the 
first quarter of 2007. That includes 3 cents in net loss related to our exit from the State Line Tack business. The net loss 
includes inventory write-downs, accelerated depreciation on assets, and re-merchandising expenses offset by the net 
proceeds from the sale of the brand name, customer lists, inventory, and certain other assets related to our equine 
Internet 

and catalog business. Also included in the first quarter 2007 results is a net benefit of 47 cents related to our sale of 
shares of MMI. Without those items, our earnings were 34 cents a share for the quarter. Our top line was solid despite 
some uncertainty related to the recall. At $1.11 billion, our total sales were up 9.9% in the first quarter, compared with 

1.01 billion in the same period last year. 
And, as Phil mentioned, our comparable store sales, or sales in stores open at least a year, grew 4% for the quarter on 
top of 3.7% growth in the first quarter of last year. We opened 20 net new PetSmart stores in the quarter, each of which 
was in our Eagle 2 format. Gross margins were 30.5% for the quarter compared to 30.7% for the first quarter of last 


year. Excluding the loss from the exit of the State Line Tack business, gross margins were 30.6% for the first quarter of 
2007. We continue to benefit from our work to optimize prices and negotiate favorable terms with our suppliers. Those 
improvements were offset by dilution from increasing penetration of services, and strong redemptions from our 
successful PetPerks program. 

In addition, we experienced increased costs year-on-year in our supply chain, the line-haul rates, fuel surcharges, and 
supplies. We also incurred some of the startup costs for our Newnan, Georgia, distribution center this quarter. We 
continue to believe that flat to 20 basis points of 

gross margin improvement for the year is about right. That does not include the impact of the exit of our State Line 
Tack business or the benefit of the 53rd week. Operating, general, and administrative expenses were 23.6% of revenue 
in the first quarter. Excluding the costs associated with exiting the State Line Tack business, operating, general, and 
administrative expenses came in at 23.2% of revenue for the first quarter, versus 23.3% in the first quarter of 2006. 

While we incurred some costs related to the recall, we managed to allocate our resources efficiently and leverage 
expenses for the quarter. We continue to feel good about our goal of 20 to 25 basis points of expense leverage for the 
year. That does not include the impact of the exit of our State Line Tack business or the benefit of the 53rd week. We 
brought our inventory balances down in the first quarter from our levels at year end without the need for markdowns. In 
addition, we sold some of our State Line Tack inventory with the sale of assets related to the equine Internet and 
catalog business. 

As we look forward, we still believe we have good inventory and will not need to use markdowns to continue to sell 
through it. You should expect some fluctuation in inventory balances as we ramp up our new distribution center in 
Atlanta and continue to sell through our State Line Tack inventory. In addition, we are planning to change the way we 
do business with one of our large vendors in the second quarter. We will be bringing their product through our 
distribution network, instead of it being delivered directly to our stores as it is today. This could cause a minor 
fluctuation through the transition. 

Capital expenditures were $59 million in the first quarter, while depreciation and amortization were about $46 million. 
We're on track to have between 250 and 260 million in capital expenditures for the year. Cash provided by operating 
activities was $110 million in the first quarter, and we ended the quarter with total cash, cash equivalents, and 
short-term investments of $363 million. Our ability to generate cash means we can invest in the business and at the 
same time provide shareholders with tangible returns in the form of share purchases and dividends. We bought back 
914,000 shares in the first quarter at an average price of $29.55 per share. So far, we've used about $187 million of our 
current $250 million purchase authorization, which is available to us through August of 2007. 

On May 11, we paid a quarterly dividend of 3 cents a share to shareholders of record as of April 27, 

2007. So we had a solid performance in the first quarter despite some consumer uncertainty related to the pet food 
recall. While consumer uncertainty related to the recall and recent news regarding softness in retail in April make us a 
bit cautious, we expect some upside as we lap some issues in the prior year, and we remain very positive about our 
strategic initiatives. We are projecting comp sales in the low- to mid-single digits for the second quarter, and mid-single 
digits for the full year. 

For the second quarter, we estimate earnings of 26 to 28 cents per share, which includes 3 cents per share in expense to 
exit the State Line Tack business, and about a half-a-cent per share of benefit for the change to equity accounting for 
the investment in MMI. For all of 2007, we expect earnings per share of $2.03 to $2.05. That includes a change in our 
expected loss for the exit of the State Line Tack business to 11 cents from our previous estimate of 12 cents. We expect 
inventory write-downs to be less than we originally estimated, because of the sale of inventory related to our Internet 
and catalog equine business and the early success of selling through State Line Tack inventory in our stores. 

Our guidance also includes 47 cents from the sale of shares of MMI, and a benefit of 2 cents for the change to the 
equity method of accounting for the MMI investment, as well as 8 cents for the 53rd week of sales. 

Thanks, and now Bob will give you a review of our operating initiatives. 


Robert F. Moran, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Ray. Our commitment for this year was to simplify the work list, focus our resources and build on our core 
strengths. We knew coming into this year that consistency and execution were key to our success. The recall was 
clearly not on our simplified work list, but we were the leaders in execution, and we remained consistent with our 
brand. All of that work should help build long-term brand loyalty, but we also know that we have to first address some 
of the uncertainty pet parents are feeling. There remains a lot of unanswered questions such as: Is the recall over? What 
food is safe to feed my pet? And what is PetSmart doing to ensure the safety of the food that they sell? 

While we don't know if the recall is over, we'd like to believe it is, as there appears to be greater certainty by 
government regulators and scientists about what caused the recall. As a retailer, we can only can make a commitment 
to our customers that we will get unsafe products off of our shelves as soon as we are aware of an issue, and we will 
share information openly and immediately. The industry is taking this seriously, and I firmly believe that we will all 
emerge better from what we have learned. We are working closely with our vendors to implement processes to ensure 
that no unsafe product is sold in our stores. We have asked that they issue new UPCs on all products that were recalled. 
That will allow us to avoid customer confusion and ensure recalled product isn't put back on our shelves. Here at 
PetSmart, we learned from this recall, and feel that we will even be better prepared to take care of our customers if an 
issue like this will ever occur in the future. 

Today, our stores are looking great, and we are ready to start winning back the confidence of our customer. Our shelves 
are in-stock, and the holes left by the recall have been phased over with other product. We expect to start receiving 
previously recalled product back into our stores in the second quarter. Some vendors will reformulate and repackage 
their food, and a few SKUs will not be relaunched. Channel-exclusive advanced nutrition food has always been a sticky 
part of our business. The recall has drawn attention to the different types of pet food, and we think this is a great 
opportunity to educate our customers on the health benefits of advanced nutrition food. 

So we will be working with our vendors, and using their years of experience, research, testing, and science, to get the 
message out to our pet parents. Meanwhile, our stores will be ensuring that product is on the shelf and associates are 
ready to continue the education with the in-store experience. The addition of the new pet fixture and the food aisle reset 
couldn't be better timed. All of our stores are ready to welcome new pet parents and educate them on the healthiest food 
for their pet at our new pet fixture, and the pet parents looking for new options or wanting to know more about 
advanced nutrition food should be able to easily find what they're looking for with our food aisle resets. 

Let's turn our focus from the recall and talk about what's happening in the rest of our business. Exiting our State Line 
Tack business is one of the steps we are taking to simplify our work list and focus our resources. We have made great 
progress in the first quarter. Like Phil mentioned, we closed the sale of the brand name, customer list, inventory, and 
other assets related to our catalog 

and Internet equine business during the quarter, and are now pursuing the sale of our Brockport, New York distribution 
center. We are on track to phase-out the State Line Tack departments in about 180 of our stores by December 1st of this 
year. We expect to re-merchandise the space in about 175 of those stores to offer a bigger selection of pet products, and 
add PetsHotels to 5 of the stores this year. 

We piloted the State Line Tack clearance event in a handful of our stores early in the quarter. We felt good about what 
we learned and are using that knowledge to sell through our inventory in the rest of the stores with State Line Tack 
departments. We are replacing the equine square footage in those stores with more products our customers want in key 
pet categories that were under- represented. We have the right people in place and have proven processes to get this 
done, so we expect the remainder of the clearance events and re-merchandising efforts to go quite smoothly. 

We are completing the re-merchandising of the State Line Tack stores as part of our existing plan to refresh stores with 
our newest Eagle 2 format in 2007. At the end of the quarter, we had a total of 451 stores in a refreshed, Eagle 2 
format, and we will complete the Eagle 2 remodels for the rest of the chain by the end of 2008. While we will be 
converting five in-store State Line Tack departments to PetsHotels as part of the 35 we plan to open this year, about 80 
of our State Line Tack stores are suitable for a PetsHotel. So we will convert the remaining 75 to PetsHotels as part of 


our planned rollout over the next few years. 

For the quarter, we opened 8 new PetsHotels, and we still feel very good about our target of 35 new PetsHotels for the 
year. New stores will continue to play an important role in our growth plan. At the close of the quarter, we had 928 
stores, and we'll open about 100 net new stores this year, and we expect to end the year with just over 1,000 stores. Our 
build-out for the year includes the 19 stores we purchased in Canada. We expect to close the deal on these stores in late 
May, and to take ownership of those stores in early June. 

We are currently working on the transition plan for these stores to be converted into PetSmart model, and have plans 
for a solid infrastructure to support our continued growth in Canada. We have a rich real estate pipeline in both the 
United States and Canada, and continue to feel good about our opportunity for a total build-out of approximately 1,400 
stores. Our new store growth continues to be one of the fastest rates of square footage growth in all of retail, and we 
feel like we have the right resources and people to ensure that we are building stores at the right pace to keep our 
promise of consistently taking care of our customers. 

As you know, we are executing a long-term plan to keep our infrastructure just ahead of our store growth. And we are 
on track to open up a new, larger, replacement, Atlanta-based distribution center. We will start shipping from this 
distribution center in the middle of the second quarter. And we also plan to open a new, larger, replacement distribution 
center in Reno in 2008. Our services business grew 18% in the first quarter. We saw some slowdown in trends due to 
the cold weather impact on our grooming business, but we remain on target to grow the business north of 20% for the 
year, and that will be the 7th year of growth at or above this level. 

Services continue to differentiate PetSmart from the competition and to be an important driver of our overall 
profitability. We also know the breadth of our pet offering and our sharp pricing continues to make us the destination 
for pet parents. Our pricing environment has remained unchanged since our closest competitor went private, and we did 
not see a notable change with any of our competition during the quarter. 

Our work to focus on our resources and build on our core strengths extends to our pet Internet business. We are making 
some changes that we think will give us the ability to change the way pet parents use our e-commerce business, and 
make that business a nice extension of our brand. We will outsource the technology, logistics, and customer care 
solutions, but retain total control over the product assortment, content, and community. This will free up resources to 
build on some exciting ideas we have about making our online experience one where our customers can connect with 
people with similar interests and find solutions to their pet-parenting concerns. 

Finally, we continue to be committed to expense leverage. As we build efficiencies into our business and focus on 
simplifying our workload, we are seeing real opportunity for expense leverage. In the long run, we are taking structural 
costs out of the business, getting out of the high-expense, low-return adjacencies like State Line Tack, we are focusing 
on our core highly profitable business, and allocating our investments and our management time on a few powerful 
things that can drive the business. In 2007, we're taking a hard look at key pieces of our cost structure, with special 
focus on labor management and store supply lines, where we think we can drive meaningful cost reductions without 
compromising the customer experience. The more we can simplify processes to make our stores easier to run, the more 
efficient we are. That lowers costs in key areas like labor and supplies, and gives us more time to focus on and take 
care of our customers, while lowering our operating costs and creating sustainable value for our shareholders. 

And with that, I'm going to say thank you, and I'll turn it back over to Phil for your questions. 

Philip L. Francis, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Bob, and let's open the call for your questions. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] The first question is from Peter Benedict with Wachovia. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Hi. Thanks, guys. Phil, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about some of the macro 
assumptions that are underlying your guidance for the back half of the year, obviously looking for same-store sales 
pick-up from current trend. And then, after that, a two-part question. Could you talk about some of the opportunities 
you see in extending price optimization efforts over to the services side of the business? Thanks. 

<A - Philip Francis>: He had two questions. When I heard your word macro I thought of economics. I think your 
question really was the second half better wine? I think we've got several good stories to tell here for the second half. 
The new pet fixture isn't quite done yet. It will be around for all of quarters 3 and 4 and part of quarter 2. The food aisle 
resets aren't quite done yet. They weren't there in quarter 1; they'll be there for all of quarter 3 and 4 and part of quarter 

2. Last year we had a rack collapse, and by day, it would have been collapsed at two days from now on Friday. That 
gave us four or five months of reduced service level in hard-goods in our stores. We're not going to repeat that, but that 
last year's event is baked into the base against which we get to go. We'll have another 150 stores in Eagle 2 remodels, 
versus last year in the second half, that are done, and we're making progress right along in State Line Tack resets. We'll 
be able to talk about those probably when we get to the Q3 call, but at this point we have a couple handfuls of stores 
which are already cleared and already reset, and the number of those resets will be taking hold in quarters 2, 3, and 4 as 
well. 
So, there's a bit of caution in ours, because in our business we think great times help us a little bit and tough economic 
times hurt us a little bit, but our optimism in the second half really isn't related to macro economics. It's related to 
initiatives that we have that are just kicking in now, as well as getting to elapse the rack collapse from last year. 

I think the second part of your question had to do with the price optimization and services. David Lenhardt is the one in 
charge of that. We'll be doing some price optimization testing in services during '07; it surely won't be important in '07. 
Depending on what we learn, it has the potential to be important in 2008 as we're getting to more different places. In 
hotels, we do have more than one price zone for hotels, now, as you might expect, we have a different price zone in 
Long Island than we do in Kansas City, for example. Be we suspect that we could be underdeveloped there, and this 
year the testing will take place, and we could update you later in the year of when, in fact, that may happen 2008 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Okay, great. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

The next question is from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David Mann>: Hi. Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. If I can ask a couple of questions on the recall issues. First of 
all, can you quantify what you think the one-time labor costs were for all the pulling and restocking? Will you get any 
monies from the manufacturers for that? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. We're not calling that out as a big deal. In terms of disruption and how much of my 
time and our mental energy, there could be some sort of a theoretical opportunity cost of all the things that we might 
have done that we didn't do because we were worried about that. In terms of "cash" cash, it was modest. We had some 
overtime. We'll get credit from the vendors for the products that we took back. We'll get a little help from them. They, 
for example, picked things up from us. We didn't have to ship them back UPS and that sort of thing. But in a "cash" 
cash sense, there was a little bit, but we're not whining about it or calling it out, and it was pretty efficiently handled. 
The opportunity cost was certainly there, but by and large, it was not "cash" cash. 

<Q - David Mann>: Okay. In terms of your PetPerks program, as a result of the recall, was there any material increase 
in, sort of, your acquisition of members? 


<A - Philip Francis>: Good question, maybe we can comment later. Don't really know that yet because there is a slight 
delay in what is going on. What I think happened is people became more serious about their card, in some cases, deadly 
serious. I mean, that comment – I know it was a composite comment – but we had lots of people verbally, or in writing, 
or in e-mail, say pretty much as I reported – I've had some of these cards for 20 years; for the first time in my life, 
somebody did something that I think is great with it, and I'm going to tell my friends, and thank you very much. So our 
PetPerks program continues to grow nicely as we open new stores and we continue to work to attract people to it. I 
don't know if we'll see a big jump up in numbers are not. We just saw a big jump up in its credibility because we had 
deadly serious information that we used to reach out to customers. 

<Q - David Mann>: In terms of your comments on the second quarter, sort of piggybacking on the last question, your 
comp guidance is fairly similar to, I think, what you were talking about for the first quarter, though you had some 
weather issues in the first quarter, and you clearly listed some items that could help you in the second quarter as well. 
Why would that not be a little bit conservative in terms of the comps you are looking for? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Well, look, we're fairly early in the year. We're now – if we get through this week, this will be 
three weeks of no pet food recalls after seven weeks of pet food recalls, and the marketing, the invitations that will be 
used to invite people back, kick into a highest gear later this week. Two weeks ago, with one week of no recall, we 
weren't doing heavy levels of invitations. So at this point, we've got 10.5 weeks left of the quarter. But I read all the 
stuff you do about gas pricing, and early in the quarter, early in the year, we just think there's no point in not having a 
heavy dose of realism. We'll do, of course, the best we can, and we do think that our heavy marketing should be 
expected to have some nice impact, but there's no point to thump our chest this early in the quarter of the year in this 
environment. 

<Q - David Mann>: Very good. Thank you, Phil. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon and congratulations on making it through this very tough 
moment. A couple questions on that. Is there any tie-in between your inventory balances, which I guess are still up a bit 
more than sales, and pet food recall as you had to work to manage, I guess, some volatile inventory trends? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. In part, I'd say certainly, yes. The sound just changed here somehow, are we okay 
here? 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: You're better, actually. 

<A - Philip Francis>: Okay, then we'll leave it alone. Matt, to the degree that, when there was a recall, we had people 
uncertain. That would have slowed down selling through consumables a bit, and here's how it would work. If 
somebody brought back to us a recalled product, and they had 40 pounds of something, and we had a great 
conversation with them, and talked and very happily sent them out of here, it's likely that they did that, they bought a 
10-pounder instead of a 40-pounder until they saw how their family member liked it. So both because of uncertainty 
and the recall sort of stuff, that would have been a bit of a dampener on consumable sales in the quarter. Again, it's 
something above zero, but we're not whining about it or calling it out. We just continue to sell through nicely. We came 
most of the way back. It's still good inventory, we're not going to have markdowns, but a bit of recall, but we are just 
selling through from the year-end position and didn't get all the way down in 13 weeks, given the recall activity. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: And so, did you see a flight to quality, if you would, among brands in your store, and perhaps 
some customers moving over from the grocery channel to kind of a more reputable outlet? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Inside our store, maybe a slightly different version of that. I mean, if you look at the brands that 
were recalled, there were several of what we would call bridge brands that were recalled, and there wasn't very much 
grocery, and there wasn't very much super premium. So we saw some nice growth in the super-premium brands. 


Grocery did fine. The negative publicity, generally, was around what we would call the bridge brands. They're the ones, 
as you might expect, we're working with most closely and they are going to assist us in invitations back into our store 
and back into their brand. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Great, and just one final question. The quarter was more or less in line with the high end of 
your guidance. As I look at the release and the earnings guidance for the year in the aggregate, everything is exactly the 
same except for the charge associated with State Line, which is now 11 cents rather than 12 cents, so presumably, 
there's a penny coming off the year, though your first quarter was right in line. Are we over-reading that, or is that 
conservatism, if you will, in your thinking? 

<A - Philip Francis>: You may be over reading it a wee bit. We had a range, we're still within the range. It's still early 
in the year. We're not done with State Line Tack yet. Early days are good, but we don't have the end days done yet and 
I just think it was the opportunity – I mean, first, your arithmetic is exactly correct, I don't deny that at all. But earlier in 
the year, and with all the stuff we're reading about gas, we just thought it was a good opportunity to – we don't have to 
thump our chest because these are relatively good results and relatively good guidance in retail, and we saw no sense to 
go crazy here. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Got you. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

The next question is from David Schick with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - David Schick>: Hey, you mentioned the competitive landscape hasn't changed much. Could you talk about the 
way you felt different channels, and then competitors within the channel, have differentiated or not themselves 
discussing the recall, and how that plays out? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Well, I wouldn't want to call out any particular competitor; they can do that for themselves. I 
mean, we have some people in this business who were experienced, or remembered because they lived there, the 
Tylenol and the salmonella scares that happened in Chicago. We essentially got this news Friday at 5 o'clock and that, 
you know, we'd prefer to have our crises come Monday morning at 10 o'clock. It would be a lot better. But we did 
phone trees and that stuff. We had the stuff off the shelf the next morning and signs up, and our Web site never shut 
down, and our call center didn't do busy signals. And we had some competitors who still had the stuff on the shelf the 
following Thursday. They were taking quite a bit of risk. We did some proprietary research with our best customers 
and everybody else's best customers, and then they'll, so ask a PetSmart customer about PetSmart, and ask a 
fill-in-the-blank competitor about their store, and on that third-party research, we scored highest of anybody by a 
statistically significant margin. So we're going to be talking to our own staff tomorrow saying, way to go, good job, and 
in a tough situation, we've got third-party evidence that we were statistically significantly best among the group. 

<Q - David Schick>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

The next question is from Matt Nemer from Thomas Weisel. Matt, your line is open. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Good afternoon, sorry about that. My first question is with regards to the recall, you mentioned 
that there may have been a mix shift to smaller bags. Can you make any comment on the overall split between 
hard-goods and consumables and the impact it may have had on margins? 

<A - Raymond Storck>: Overall for the quarter, our consumables versus hard-goods percentages were are pretty 
consistent with what they were in the first quarter of last year. We did see the biggest impact overall and the most 
attention on consumables, but those are also the traffic drivers, and so we did see a related impact on hard goods. 


<Q - Matt Nemer>: Okay, that's helpful. Secondly, there has been an interesting development in the mass channel on 
the food side. It seems like some of the large manufacturers, not being able to introduce the brands that they solely use 
in the specialty channel, have developed line extensions that are sort of natural or organic in nature, and I'm just 
wondering if you've seen any impact from that or what your thoughts are? Seems like kind of a different way to skirt 
around the issue of protecting the high-end brands in the specialty channel. 

<A - Robert Moran>: Matt, this is Bob. We've seen a number of private labels really come back into it. Different 
competitors, mainly in the mass side, and we have not seen that be successful nor has it had any impact on our business 
in any way, shape, or form. I'm sure they'll continue doing that, but a private label is really hard to develop, and also 
develop a brand or sub-brand under it. So, it's a lot harder work than anybody probably thinks it is, but at this point in 
time, anything that we have seen recently has not impacted our business in any way, shape, or form. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Okay, and then my last question is, you mentioned in-sourcing one particular vendor. I'm 
wondering if that's on the consumables or the hard-goods side, and if we should expect, I'm sure we would, but how 
much of a magnitude of margin improvement should we expect from that? 

<A - Robert Moran>: On the consumables side, we're working that through from a combination of their change of 
how they're shipping the goods from their distributors also into the pet specialty area. The focus on this is really 
in-stocks and the customer experience. As we look at this as an ultimate cost structure, I would say that it would not 
have a very large impact on our gross margin. 

<Q - Matt Nemer>: Okay, that's all I've got. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question is from Nancy Hoch with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Great, thank you. Good afternoon. You mentioned an increase in marketing spending Q2 related 
to, I guess, inviting your customers back in the store. On a cash basis, is this incremental to your original plan? Or are 
you counting on vendor funding to make up the difference? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil, and I'll try that; maybe Bob or Ray will help if they want to. Our original 
advertising plan was heavier in Q2, 3, and 4 than it was in Q1 anyway. We can't claim that was brilliance; that was just 
serendipity that we're lucky we weren't spending a lot of money during the recall times, but as it turned out, the spend 
we had on spread of advertising by the year, with the benefit of hindsight just as we would have wished it to be. In 
these unusual times, we're generally net-net buyers, and we'd contract for tonnage and the cost to the year. Because of 
the unusual nature of this recall, we've got some manufacturers who share common goals with us of restoring 
confidence and restoring traffic back on their brand. So there will be some participation from vendors in funding some 
of the extra efforts that we'll be making in quarters 2 and 3, yes. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Okay. Just I guess a follow-up to clarify, did you end up shifting any funds from Q1 to Q2 then? 
And was it material? 

<A - Philip Francis>: It wasn't terribly material. It was a bit of a shift; it's not a big deal. I would suspect next year we 
wouldn't be using it. In the thousands of dollars, yes, but in a material sense, no. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Okay, great. And then, Bob, could you give a little bit more color on why pet services was a little 
weaker in Q1, and why we're going to have an acceleration to get back to the 20% rate? 

<A - Robert Moran>: Well, I think you have to look at services, and especially the grooming side of the business, 
which is our really largest contributor to our service business right now. We're impacted by the bookends. You know, 
February and April were poor weather months for us, both from the rain and also cold and snow. And normally if you 
think about the month of April, this past April was the coldest April probably in the last 10 years, up against the 
warmest April last year in the last 100 years. So, if you sort of do apples-to-apples comparison, you can't do it. So, and 
if you think about in the grooming business, what happens in the spring and going into the summer is, dogs get full 


shaves, and there's a ton, especially when the weather warms up, their shaves happen faster. So what you're looking at 
is really a timing difference, nothing else. It will happen. So as we look at – and that's why we're saying for Q2, for the 
rest of the year, we feel very confident that we'll be at a service growth rate over 20%. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Okay, great. And then just one other question on e-commerce. I know you have kind of a 
drop-dead date for exiting the New York facility, but is there – do you have an earlier, I guess, migration plan to your 
new provider? And have you chosen your vendor at this stage? 

<A - Robert Moran>: We have chosen a vendor, and we're moving in the process right now of moving to this vendor 
over time. We have worked out an arrangement so that we make sure that we are not doing this too hastily. We're doing 
this, as we said in the script, we're really focusing on the logistics, the customer solutions. We're really keeping the 
assortment, the content, and the community within our business, and what we want to do is – the customer experience, 
both in the stores and on our [website], are very important to us, and we're going to make sure we safeguard that 
through this transition. 

<Q - Nancy Hoch>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Brian Nagel with UBS. 

<Q - Brian Nagel>: Hi. Good afternoon. My first question, and I'm sorry, I may have missed this, but did you guys 
quantify what impact the recall had on comps in the quarter? 

<A - Raymond Storck>: No, we didn't quantify the impact on comps. 

<Q - Brian Nagel>: Could you do that? 

<A - Raymond Storck>: No. We are not prepared to do that. 

<Q - Brian Nagel>: Okay. Second question then, with respect to your Q2 guidance, the comp guidance is in the low-
to mid-single digits. Should we read that then to interpret that here May has started kind of at the lower end of the 
mid-single-type guidance? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. I would read that that we said when we were in the first week of May we had zero 
weeks with no recalls under our belts. And we decided with some things you can do pretty quickly, we would wait until 
we had a couple of weeks with no recall because we thought putting marketing into that environment would have been 
a bad spend. We've now had a couple of weeks. And I think I may have indicated earlier, that the kind of turning-on 
several of the spigots begins Friday of this week, 2 days from now. 

<Q - Brian Nagel>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from David Cumberland with Robert Baird. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: Thanks. In prior quarters, you've talked about higher in-stocks helping your sales growth. 
Q1 was probably harder to read on in-stocks due to the recall, but is there an opportunity to raise in-stocks from your 
'06 level? 

<A - Robert Moran>: If you really look at '06, we really looked hard on trying to find out what were optimal in-stock 
levels by category, sub-category, by line and by SKU. Most of that work is done, and the way we looked at '07 and '08 
is we look at the optimization of this in-stock. I think we're in pretty good shape. Where we were out of stock were 
primarily on the recalled items, and I don't think we could have done anything about it. And we'll work our way back 
into being in stock, but I think we're in pretty decent shape from an in-stock level right now and going forward. And 


then obviously with the recall products, we'll start bringing that product back in after we approve the manufacturers 
bringing the goods in. 

<A - Philip Francis>: David, and also remember that last year, 2 days from now, we'll begin lapping 4 or 5 months of 
a reduced in-stock on hard-goods because we had a rack collapse. So, in a sense, for the 4 or 5 months starting 2 days 
from now, we've got a artificially depressed base against which we get to go. So hard-goods are going to be better 
in-stock in quarters 2 and 3 than they were last year. And as the recall SKUs come back in, we've got some lift coming 
back from that as well. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: That helps. On the State Line Tack exit, the net cost was less than expected in Q1 by about 
4 cents a share. What was the reason for that? 

<A - Raymond Storck>: It's primarily shifting into subsequent quarters. Overall, we're still expecting about 11 cents 
compared to the 12 cents for the year. So it's a shift into other quarters. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: My last question. What was the growth for traffic and tickets? 

<A - Raymond Storck>: Transaction growth was 73% of our growth, and dollar-per-transaction was 27%. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Mike Baker with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Michael Baker>: Thank you. Just one real quick, tax rate going forward? It was a little bit lower this quarter than 
I think it had been, so should we use that 38% going forward? 

<A - Raymond Storck>: I think about 38.5% would be a good number to use going forward. 

<Q - Michael Baker>: Okay. And then one more way to ask this. So a couple of years ago when gas prices went over 
$3.00, you saw a definitive impact in your business, it sounds like. This time around, it sounds like comps were fine, 
maybe a little bit of a slow down here and there but much more due to things like weather and the food recall. And 
while you're being conservative because we don't know what happens with gas prices, that's having minimal impact 
compared to a few years ago? Is that a fair way to articulate it? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. What I continue to see is the first time gas got to 3 bucks we felt it in the form of 
delayed hard goods purchases. We didn't feel it really in food or services. Since then gas has bounced to $3.00 a couple 
of times, and now it's as high as it's ever been. When I think we said, chuckling not long ago, the first time it gets to 
$4.00, I suppose we'll feel it for a while. And it's closer to that than I thought it might have been. We continue, and we 
did some proprietary research on this. Most of our impact in Q2, by far the biggest piece, was the recall uncertainty 
rather than gas. We found a little bit of gas, but that's consistent with what we've seen all along. 

<Q - Michael Baker>: Okay, good. Please don't joke about $4.00 gas; it's not funny. Last question, just sort of a 
longer-term, bigger-picture idea: have you quantified, or can you quantify, what you think the long-term benefits of 
getting out of the State Line business is? On my math is they do about $190 in sales per foot versus the chain average 
about 210. So is it too simple just to add $20 per foot for that existing square footage and see what the comp impact is? 
Or is there another way to look at it? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Well, one thing here, I'm sure your arithmetic is correct. I don't know about the store quality. If 
you took all the State Line Tack sales, and put it against the square footage, you would get an inflated number because, 
remember some of those sales that we recorded in the equine business were done to the catalog and Internet. My 
number on in-store State Line Tack sales per foot was less than 150. 

<Q - Michael Baker>: Okay. Just basic – well, I don't have to go through my math now. Okay. That's probably the 
reason. So anyway, even more of a positive comp impact then, when you replace it? 


<A - Philip Francis>: Well, as compared to what you thought was 190, I think it ought to be a little bit better than that 
because remember, we now have perfect, nearly perfect data by store, our gross margin dollars-per-foot. With an eye 
towards the gross margin dollars-per-foot, the highest producing categories are getting more space, thereby both more 
exposure, more variety, and better in-stock position, because there's more capacity on the shelves. And we've talked 
internally, it's beating that State Line Tack gross margin per foot is going to be a fairly low hurdle for us to have to 
achieve, and we expect to achieve that. 

<Q - Michael Baker>: And that shows up in '07 and into '08? 

<A - Philip Francis>: It would show – I mean, it ought to be there for Q4. And it's kind of, it's hardly any today. But it, 
I mean, starting in Q3, it ought to be ramping up, and in Q4, it ought to be there. But that's another thing that helps us in 
the second half of the year. You see this tangible and evident. We have 6 or 7 things here that I think you don't have to 
blush or cross your fingers to say, it's going to help quarter 2 a bit, and quarter 3 and 4 a lot. 

<Q - Michael Baker>: Great, makes sense. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Gary Balter with Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Gary Balter>: Hi. I was actually going to ask the same thing, but I'll ask it – since Mr. Baker took care of most of 
the questions, I'll just ask one thing. How do we measure, like when we see gross margin going up and you don't have 
State Tack in there from this year, and you had it in last year's numbers, I believe? What's the impact of that on gross 
margin, for example, in first quarter? 

<A - Philip Francis>: State Line Tack didn't make much difference on the rate in our business, Gary. The margins 
weren't very different from the margin aggregately in the rest of the business. And remember, it was a very, very small 
part of our business. So you'd be hard-pressed, I think, to find State Line Tack's exit doing anything you would see to a 
margin rate. 

<Q - Gary Balter>: Okay. And that would be the same on expenses? 

<A - Philip Francis>: We didn't hear the second part of your question. 

<Q - Gary Balter>: And that would be the same on the expense line? 

<A - Raymond Storck>: Yes. Gary, this is Ray. Very minimal impact on the expense line as well. 

<Q - Gary Balter>: Okay, okay. Thank you. That's helpful. 

Operator 

The next question is from Jonathan Cramer with Cowen & Company 

<Q - Jonathan Cramer>: One, have you seen any change in your aquatics business, now that a major competitor has 
exited that category in some of its stores? And also, have you seen an up-tick in grooming sales, now that the weather 
has improved in May? 

<A - Robert Moran>: Let me talk about the grooming business. The answer is yes. Our first number of weeks in the 
service business, in the grooming business the up-tick is starting to move towards that warmer weather side. So, again, 
it's given us confidence to say that the 20%, north of 20%, for total service growth for the year. The aquatics business, 
we don't really comment on category by category when we talk about it, but this – Wal-Mart is in the process of 
moving on 700 stores. They have not done them all at this point in time. So right now we're seeing minimal amount 
effect on the aquatic side. To come, and to be determined. So, really minimal effect in the Q1. 


<Q - Jonathan Cramer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question is a follow-up from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Two very quick ones. Did you have any of that half-cent that you'll typically see from 
different MMI accounting? I know you sold that during the quarter. How much of that was in Q1? 
<A - Raymond Storck>: Matt, this is Ray. On the financial statements there's a separate line for that. It's about 


225,000 in Q1. 
<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Gotcha. And your tax rate expectations going forward, please? 
<A - Raymond Storck>: 38.5. 
<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Great. Thank you. 


Operator 

The next question is from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Joseph Feldman>: Hi, guys. Just one additional question. Following on with the Super Pet purchase up in 
Canada, we just wanted to kind of understand your appetite for acquisition going forward and what you're thinking. Are 
there any opportunities that you see out there maybe that you're looking at? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. I mean, our dominant growth strategy is organic growth. We are – review the 
horizon and be opportunistic as things come up. They have come up infrequently, as you know. I expect they'll be in 
the future, infrequently again. But we would never, we would review lots of things, and I would expect infrequent 
M&A, but mostly organic growth is our future. 

<Q - Joseph Feldman>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question is a follow-up question from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David Mann>: Hi, yes, thank you. On the tax rate can you just explain why the rate was lower than you 
expected? 
<A - Raymond Storck>: We had some tax deductions for employee stock-comp expense that were a little bit higher 


than normal in Q1, partially with our stock price being up the way it was. So that was really the factor in Q1. 
<Q - David Mann>: So there is some higher stock expense up in the SG&A line? 
<A - Raymond Storck>: No, actually this was from disqualifying dispositions of stock, where we get a deduction for 


that, but it doesn't, the actual expense does not go through our income statement. 


<Q - David Mann>: Okay. And then, in terms of the balance sheet, the receivables line jumped up a little bit. Can you 
just explain what's going on there? 
<A - Raymond Storck>: Yes, that is primarily a timing issue from vendor receivables. We received some money right 


after the quarter-end that would take that balance down. So there was really nothing unusual there. 
<Q - David Mann>: Thank you very much. 



Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the allotted of time for question and answer. This concludes today's conference. 
You may disconnect at this time. 

Philip L. Francis, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks very much, everyone. We will talk to you in about 91 days. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


