Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Tawni Doyle, Manager of Investor Relations 
• Philip L. Francis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Timothy E. Kullman, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
• Robert F. Moran, President and Chief Operating Officer 
Other Participants 

• Bill Sims 
• Matthew Fassler 
• Peter Benedict 
• Jason West 
• Christopher Horvers 
• David Mann 
• Dan Wewer 
• Ursula Moran 
• Joe Feldman 
• Vivian Ma 
• David Cumberland 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon. My name is Tia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the third quarter 2006 analyst conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
Thank you. I would now like the introduce Ms. Tawni Adams [sic], Director of Investor Relations. You may begin 
your conference. 

Tawni Doyle, Manager of Investor Relations 

Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to PetSmart's third quarter 2006 conference call. With me on the 
call today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Phil Francis; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Tim Kullman; our President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Moran; as well as Ray Storck, Vice President, Finance, 
Chief Accounting Officer and Controller; and Lynne Adams, who is our Vice President of Corporate Communications. 
Phil will kick off the call with an overview of our solid third quarter results, then Tim will take you through the details 
of our financials and our outlook for the rest of the year, and Bob will update you on the strategic initiatives that 
continue to drive meaningful growth in this business. 

And finally we'll take your questions. Please keep in mind that everything we cover during today's call including the 
question-and-answer session is subject to the Safe Harbor statement for forward-looking information you'll find in 
today's news release. And we'll post a reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measure we discuss on the call, the 
most directly comparable GAAP measure in the Investor Relations section at www.petm.com. Thanks, and I will now 


turn the call over to Phil. 

Philip L. Francis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Tawni. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us for a review of our third quarter another strong period for 
PetSmart. I'm proud of what this company accomplished in the third quarter. We delivered solid results. We worked 
hard to get ready for the upcoming holiday season and we built a stronger and better PetSmart for the future. We drove 
bottom line results for the quarter of $0.23 per share. Our top line growth was among the best in specialty retail at 14%. 
Increased traffic accounted for 71% of that growth, which we believe is a good indication that we're creating lasting 
relationships with our customers. They're attracted to our stores, and they keep coming back. 

Comparable store sales are sales in stores open at least one year grew at 6.8%. We feel fortunate to operate in one of 
the fastest growing and most attractive sectors in all of retail. This great industry contributes to our ability to deliver 
this kind of solid top line growth. But we know it's our job. We capitalize on the opportunity by continuing to 
differentiate ourselves from our competition and by executing on the things that mean the most to our customers. We've 
been working hard to continue to give customers the shopping experience they want. We listen to our customer and 
designed our Eagle II refresh around what we heard. 

We finished the refresh of 213 stores in 2006, that's about a third of the chain and all of what we committed to finish 
this year. Keep in mind that we opened our 2005 and 2006 new stores in this Eagle II format, so we have a total of 390 
stores refreshed and more than ready to delight our customers during the upcoming holiday season. 

Not only are our stores looking great, but our merchants have delivered a holiday selection that's better than ever. We 
have more than 1,300 exclusive and unique gifts, 54% of dog parents, 41% of cat parents, 25% of bird parents, and 
23% of small pet parents will buy holiday gifts for their furry, finned and winged friends this season. So we think we 
have just the gift for all of those hard to buy for pets. 

We are also ready for the pet parent who is looking for the perfect groom for her pet for the holidays with the Holiday 
Top Dog grooming package. Our trainers are set to educate new pets and new pet parents and our hotels are ready to 
accommodate the pets whose parents are traveling during the holidays. 

Many of our hotels, in fact, are already fully booked. In fact, our customers have been telling us they want more hotels, 
so we are testing a smaller version of PetsHotel that will enable us eventually to expand our presence and better meet 
our customers' needs. I'm proud of the associates here at PetSmart and all they've accomplished not only to manage the 
day-to-day business but to go above and beyond to get ready for the holiday season. 

Our DC associates have delivered on making the Phoenix PC fully operational again and running better than it was 
before the rack collapse. Our associates have been working diligently to ensure store cleanliness, manage increased 
shipments of holiday products, make sure products are in stock, and that holiday decor and product displays are in 
place. 

We have made investments in getting our stores ready for a strong fourth quarter; our operators tell me that we are 
better prepared for this holiday season than ever before. So, we are ready. Longer term we remain focused on the future 
and how PetSmart can continue to grow and gain share in this attractive market. We are on track with the investments 
we spoke about at the end of the second quarter. We think those investments coupled with our successful long-term 
strategic initiatives have helped us to build the strong foundation we have today, and will help us take PetSmart to a 
higher level. 

It is because of that confidence in our business that our CFO, Tim Kullman, feels that now is a good time for him to 
transition to a successor and move on to new challenges. Tim has had tremendous impact on PetSmart. He has built the 
talent of the finance and accounting teams and developed strong financial reporting mechanisms. 

He developed robust financial business strategies and oversaw dividend and stock buyback programs that from 2003 
through Q3 of '06, returned a total of more than $553 million or nearly 96% of the company's net income directly to 


shareholders. He has agreed to remain with the company to help identify a successor and ensure a smooth transition. I 
appreciate Tim's tremendous devotion to this business and the fact that he is so committed to making this a seamless 
transition. I appreciate all he has done for PetSmart, we're a better business because of him. 

With that said, I will turn the call over Tim to take you through the financial results. 

Timothy E. Kullman, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Phil and hello everyone. Our third quarter consolidated net income was $31.7 million or about $0.23 a share 
compared with the third quarter of 2005 when we earned $31.1 million or $0.21 a share. Included in the 2006 number 
was a tax benefit of $1.2 million or about a penny a share. The 2005 number included a tax benefit of about $3.8 
million or $0.025 a share. 

Our ability to generate revenue fueled our results in the third quarter. At $1 billion, total revenue grew 14% over the 
third quarter of last year when sales were $907.7 million. And comparable store sales, or sales open at least – or sales in 
stores open at least a year, grew 6.8% in the third quarter of 2006, on top of 2.4% growth in the third quarter of 2005. 
PetSmart continued to grow store square footage, opening 24 net new PetSmart stores during the quarter. We ended the 
third quarter with an average of $574,000 in inventory per store, down slightly from $579,000 per store in the same 
period last year. Keep in mind that our inventory naturally peaks at this time of year, and we prepare for – as we 
prepare for the holiday selling season. 

Gross margins were 29.9%, up 88 basis points from the same period a year ago. We continue to see results from our 
efforts to negotiate favorable terms with our suppliers and to optimize prices, and our solid sales performance helped us 
on the gross margin line. Strong sales in favorable comparison on the utilities line also helped us leverage store 
occupancy for the quarter. In addition, we improved the fish inventory issues we experienced in the second quarter and 
our fish loss returned to more normal levels. 

Finally, keep in mind that we had a favorable comparison to the third quarter of 2005 when we increased our inventory 
obsolescence reserve by $3.5 million. These positive contributions were partially offset by several factors. We finished 
the re-racking project in our Phoenix Distribution Center, which resulted in $1.9 million of additional expense in the 
quarter. We experienced natural dilution from the impact of increasing penetration of the services business and 
redemptions on our successful PetPerks program. But while we saw increases in our gross margin during the quarter, 
we still anticipate our gross margins for the year to be flat to slightly negative. 

Let's talk about operating, general, and administrative expenses. Third quarter operating and G&A expenses were 
24.5% of revenue versus 23.5% in the third quarter of 2005. That de-leverage was mostly a result of planned one-time 
items in 2006 and a comparison to a unique quarter in 2005. As you know, we recently pulled forward several 
investments planned for 2007 into this year. That alone was worth $3.4 million in additional expense during the third 
quarter. Our spending against these initiatives and the progress we're seeing is on track. We're successfully 
strengthening our distribution processes, improving our information systems, and investing in our people and their 
education, all of which should help set us up for a solid future. 

As we previously announced, we had one unplanned store closure in the third quarter that resulted in an additional 
expense of $3 million. In addition, our expense for associate bonuses is up year-on-year due to our stronger 
performance compared to the third quarter of last year. Finally, we increased store expenses to prepare our stores for 
the holiday season. We have over time learned a lot about being properly prepared for the holidays, and we're 
committed to being better prepared in 2006 than ever before. 

Our stores are telling us we succeeded. We expect to benefit from those investments in the fourth quarter and because 
we now have a robust process to prep our stores for the holidays we should continue to benefit in years to come. These 
increases were somewhat offset by leveraging and advertising expense in the third quarter of 2006 compared to the 
third quarter of 2005 when we had increased expenses related to our mark-to-smart campaign. In addition, in 2006 we 
have allocated more of our marketing dollars to promotional offers under our PetPerks Program. The redemption of 


these offers are recorded as reductions to gross margin. 

Going forward, we remain committed to controlling expenses and still anticipate leverage on the G&A line for the 
entire year even after the expenses from accelerated investments and one unplanned store closure. In all, we drove 
pre-tax income of 4.8% compared to 5% in the same period last year. Capital expenditures were $90 million in the third 
quarter, while depreciation and amortization were about $40 million. We're on track to spend between 230 and $250 
million in capital expenditures for the entire year. 

The PetSmart model continues to generate plenty of cash. Year-to-date cash provided by operating activities was $176 
million compared to $164 million in the same period last year. And we ended the third quarter with total cash, cash 
equivalents and short-term investments of $233 million. We're using that cash to fund our growth initiatives and to 
drive additional shareholder value through dividends and opportunistic purchases of our stock. On November 10th, we 
paid a quarterly dividend of $0.03 a share to shareholders of record as of October 27th. During the third quarter, we 
purchased approximately 4.9 million shares of our stock at an average price of $24.96 as part of a Board authorization 
that allows us to purchase $250 million in stock through August 2007. We have $128 million left on that authorization. 

We remain committed to generating returns to our shareholders, and we believe in the value and long-term 
attractiveness of this business. We had a good third quarter and have all the tools in place for a strong finish to the year. 
Our business is well prepared, but we remain cautious due to the macro uncertainties surrounding this year's holiday 
season and keep in mind that our comp comparison gets more difficult for the fourth quarter. 

So we continue to project comp sales growth in the mid-single digits and earnings per share of 54 to $0.56 for the 
fourth quarter and comps in the mid-single digits for all of 2006 with earnings per share of $1.31 to $1.33. As we look 
forward for 2007, we expect EPS growth of about 17 to 19% for the full year. When you are calculating how the 
quarters are likely to play out next year, keep in mind that we plan to open approximately 100 net new stores in 2007 as 
follows. In the first quarter, we will open 29 stores and close five. We will also open 29 stores in the second quarter and 
close 7 stores. The third quarter will bring 55 new store openings and nine closures. And we will complete the year in 
the fourth quarter with eight openings and no closures. You can see that we will close approximately 21 stores in 2007 
as compared to 10 stores in 2006. The close of store costs in quarters two and three of 2007 will be higher than those 
recorded in 2006, and the increased number of new stores in Q3 of 2007 will result in higher expenses in that quarter. 

On a personal note, I feel like I have accomplished a great deal at PetSmart. I have done much of what I set out to do 
when I came to the company in 2002. Now I am ready to take on new challenges and a new chapter in my life and 
believe the strong foundation I created, I can now move onto other things without hurting PetSmart, my team, or their 
progress. At the same time, I wanted to give PetSmart plenty of time to find a successor and to work with that person to 
ensure a smooth transition. So, I have committed to being here through the beginning of 2007. 

Thanks. And with that, I will turn it over to Bob for a review of our operating initiative. 

Robert F. Moran, President and Chief Operating Officer 

Thanks, Tim. I am excited about what we've accomplished in the third quarter. At the close of the quarter, we had 887 
stores on our way to an ultimate build out of at least 1,400 PetSmart stores in North America. We will open 83 net new 
stores this year and in 2007, we will ramp that growth up to about 90 to 100 net new stores. As Phil mentioned, we've 
completed the work on Eagle II refreshes scheduled for 2006. We have remodeled about a third of our existing stores 
this year, and we will remodel another third in 2007, and plan to complete the project in 2008. With the Eagle format, 
we've created a store that makes sense to our customers. As those customers' needs and wants change, Eagle can easily 
and inexpensively change with them. We focused Eagle II from what our customers needed and it seems to be working. 
Our Eagle II stores have been showing improved performance in the average weekly sales and a meaningful increase in 
the pet training business. Our every day low price position continues to be a strategic advantage, and we firmly believe 
that it matters to the customer. 


Services grew 25.4% in the third quarter, on top of 23.8% in the same period last year. During the third quarter, we 
groomed almost 1.8 million pets, trained 93,000 dogs, and opened nine new PetsHotels, bringing our total number of 
hotels to 57. Our grooming, training, boarding and day camp services give customers another reason to try PetSmart. 
We know the increased level of trial we experience during the holiday season gives us a chance to impress our 
customers and make pet services something they cannot live without. Once customers discover our pet services, they 
are extremely loyal, spend more in our stores, and become a great source of word of mouth marketing, which we 
believe continues to be the biggest driver of this important highly profitable piece of the business. 

We're still very pleased with the performance of the PetsHotels, which at maturity, can drive a projected 29% increase 
in overall store revenues, a 99% increase in net income, and a 440 basis point jump in operating margin. We're excited 
about our new smaller PetsHotel offering. This concept is between 5,000 and 5,500 square feet versus the 7,200 square 
feet of a traditional hotel. 

It has 75 to 90 regular guest rooms, and five to eight suites. In addition, it has two or three playrooms to support the day 
camp business. While the lobby is scaled down, it offers all the same services, features, and amenities as a full 
PetsHotel. We're testing this hybrid model in one store in Dallas and we plan to extend the test to an additional store 
this year. 

As we open more hotels and better understand the market potential, we now believe the total build out is 435 hotels, 
well up from our original projection of 300. Of those, about 65% will be in new or relocated stores with the remainder 
in existing stores. We'll end fiscal 2006 with 62 PetsHotels including two of the smaller 5,500 square foot versions and 
will have eight-day camps. In 2007, we plan to open up 35 new hotels including about 30 standard formats and about 
five of the smaller 5,500 square foot version. PetPerks program continues to be a source of excitement. We're seeing 
great redemption rates, and we're excited about the program's power to convert pet parents to loyal lifelong PetSmart 
customers. 

We're excited about what we can learn from our customers' behavior in this holiday season. We use that information to 
better understand our customer preferences so that we can continue to improve our merchandise offering each year and 
to improve our store shopping experience. Our operating efficiency initiative is gaining real ground and so far we're 
pleased with the progress of our accelerated investments, which ultimately translates into the customer experience. 
PetSmart has been diligent about keeping our distribution infrastructure just slightly ahead of our store growth. 

Now we're developing even more robust systems, infrastructure, process and procedures that will support our growth 
and drive ongoing efficiencies. This work can help us improve data sharing throughout the supply chain from the 
supplier to the store. 

In our stores, we've created a strong foundation with our work to build a customer-focused culture and to do the retail 
basics better than anyone else, building on that strength with an effort to focus our team on the critical activities that 
drive long-term performance. As part of that work we have established operating priorities for our stores and created a 
new detailed set of operating standards that can help us take us to the higher level of performance and efficiency. For 
us, the project creates a finely-tuned highly efficient and extremely scalable operation. 

For the customer, it creates a consistently superior store environment that's focused on the things that are most 
important to them. We believe we have the best people in retail, and in this business, people make the difference. We're 
developing robust tools and education, including comprehensive management training for district and store managers 
that emphasize coaching, leadership and analytical skills. In addition, we're educating associates not simply to provide 
great service, but to answer customers' questions and provide solutions. We believe the work we're doing today will 
allow us to create an extremely strong, extremely competitive business, capable of delivering real shareholder value 
over the long haul. Thanks, and now let's open up the call for your questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions] We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from 
Alan Rifkin with Lehman Brothers. Mr. Rifkin, your line is open. Mr. Rifkin, if your line is on mute, please un-mute 
your line. We'll go to the next question. Your next question comes from Bill Sims with Citigroup. 

<Q - Bill Sims>: Thank you very much. Good afternoon. Before I ask my question, Tim, I just wish you the best of 
luck in your future endeavors. Two questions. First, can you give us a better idea of the balance between the planned 
spending in DC infrastructure, what was spent in the third quarter? How does that compare to the rough spending plans 
for the fourth quarter? And the second question is, can you just comment on consumable versus supply trends and store 
traffic levels? Thank you. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Bill, what I think – this is Tim. What I think I heard you say was can we compare the 
spending level in the third quarter to the spending level in the fourth quarter for overall expenses? 

<Q - Bill Sims>: Associated with the one-time spend on DC infrastructure, employee training, etcetera. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Okay. In the third quarter that cost was about 3.4 million. And additionally, we closed one 
store that was unplanned that we had mentioned at a cost of $3 million. And we'll have about that dollar amount for 
investments in the fourth quarter in the neighborhood of $3.5 million. 

<Q - Bill Sims>: Very good. Thank you. And then, can you comment on consumable strength versus supplies as well 
as what type of pick up in traffic you saw and maybe can you comment on sequential improvement in comps through 
the quarter? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Well, we typically don't comment on the sequential comps in the quarter. But we can tell 
you that food and treats for the third quarter or consumables were at 40.9% of the business versus 40.2% last year at the 
same time, supplies were 47.6%, and last year at the same time 49.2%. 

<Q - Bill Sims>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Thanks a lot and good afternoon. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Hi, Matt. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: I guess first question I would ask you within the context of the very strong gross margin 
number that you showed year to year, which was a nice reversal from the year-to-date trend, how would you say the 
competitive pricing environment factored into that? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil, Matt. The competitive pricing environment we see is rather stable. There is people 
doing promotions here and there. It is the time of the year when the mass merchants tend to focus on things other than 
pet, and there is early indications, that that's true this year. So, I – it is factors I think Tim is ready to do, other than the 
competitive environment, they're engaged in gross margins, and I will give it to Tim. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Matt, overall the components of gross margin, the major impacts are merch margin, which is 
dependent upon our buying – our better buying, as well as our optimizing of pricing was, in the order of magnitude, the 
largest contributor. But keep in mind too that last year, we booked a $3.5 million obsolescence reserve that we didn't 
have this year. So, that was the second largest contributor. And then with the 6.8% comps, we were actually able to 
leverage our occupancy costs. That would I – what I would be – what I would say is the third and with those strong 
comps that helped us a great deal. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Got you. Second question, it is sort of a follow-up to Bill's. I believe that in the release at the 
end of the second quarter, you talked about $0.03 of investments in the second half. Just to make sure that I have that 
down appropriately, it seems like you have the $3 million from the $3.4 million from kind of discretionary SG&A plus 


the store closing, plus the additional 3. Is that math getting me to the right place or is the store closing in addition to 
that? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: The investments combined are about 7 million, 3.4 Q3, 3.5 to 3.6 Q4, and then we indicated 
last quarter that we would have the unplanned store closure on top of that. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Got you. So, the investments are about $0.03, and then you have the store closures beyond 
that. And finally, obviously with good numbers, the bonuses are up as you said. Are you essentially caught up at this 
point such that fourth quarter with on planned performance bonuses would be comparable or are those still going to 
swing a little bit higher year-to-year come Q4? 

<A - Philip Francis>: No. We should be in very good shape, Matt, because last year's third quarter if you recall was 
the lackluster performance with 2.4% comp. There was a much lower adjustment there and the performance was lower, 
so we didn't have that size of a bonus structure set up. This year because we're better on plan and we have much 
stronger performance than last year's third quarter, we true-up at the end of every quarter, and we're in line for the 
fourth quarter as well. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: You true up on a year-to-date basis? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Yes. 

<Q - Matthew Fassler>: Thank you so much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Benedict with Wachovia. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Just wonder if you can comment on trends you're 
seeing in the premium dog food area? I remember back at the analyst meeting you showed us some new aisle lineups 
that you had, also that smart nutrition selector test that was out there. Just wondering if you're seeing any impact of that 
yet from those tests? Thanks so much. 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil, Peter. The premium foods continue to go well. What you saw is still in test. We 
showed you, I think four aisles and in a sense we could even talk about the prescription foods that we alone are able to 
sell because our vets and hospitals would make a fifth. And generally speaking, the higher up on the food chain the 
food is, the faster it is growing though each segment is growing for us, the test will be concluding by the end of this 
year, and if we're going to take action, why, it would be promptly in '07. 

<Q - Peter Benedict>: Great. Thanks so much and good luck. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jason West with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Jason West>: Thanks a lot. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about why the store closure number is 
going to be so much higher next year? And secondly I was trying to understand a little bit about what you guys are 
thinking on the '07 outlook. It sounds like the earnings growth will be about in line with a long-term trend even though 
you're going to be lapping some pretty heavy spending this year as well as the DC outage. Are we to understand that 
this is just to reflect the higher stores or is there some conservatism in there? Just if you could talk about that. 

<A - Philip Francis>: Jason, this is Phil. I think I will do the first and Tim will try to handle that group in the second 
cluster there. Store openings are going up this year as you pointed out from about 10 this year to about 20 next year. It's 
got to do with the age of our portfolio. With a 15 year lease, next year we'll be lapping the class of '92. 


Now that we have a PetsHotel that's an attractive new growth vehicle, we look store by store when the leases come up 
we typically have two or three options left. If it is a great store and it's in the right position for a hotel, we would just 
take the option and go another five years. If it is a store that's only a modest performer, if the retail gravity has moved 
somewhere else, because the lease is expiring, you can look at two things. While the number of stores is up, there is no 
present value write-off of the remaining value of the lease because there is no lease due, so that's zero, and we're 
required by the accounting rules to take all the leasehold improvements, and they have to be amortized over the prime 
term of the lease. 

So, in effect, unless it is a great store in which case we would renew, it is a get out of jail free card and a chance to start 
over in a trading area with a new-build store just the size we want with or without a hotel. So we've done the work to 
get the bottom end of our real estate portfolio in good shape and because of the age of this business now we've got 
more lease renewals coming up, and if it is a great store we do. If it is less than a great store, the cost of going to a new 
one includes nothing for either leasehold or the present value of an ongoing lease stream, so the number is up, but you 
ought not to be concerned about it. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: For your second part of the question, I would suggest that as we outlined in the analyst day 
presentation overall, our longer-term outlook would be sales in the mid-single digits. Our gross margins flat 20-basis 
point improvement, and overall general administrative and other expenses to leverage at the tune of 20 to 25 basis 
points to help drive that 17 to 19% EPS growth. 

<Q - Jason West>: Okay, but – this year is a pretty heavy investment year and you pulled forward some expenses. Are 
you guys modeling to that level or are we just doing sort of a bigger picture look here? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: I would suggest we are not going to have the continued expense levels that we have picked 
up because of the added investments as we move forward in 2007. 

<Q - Jason West>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q>: Hi this is actually Kate [inaudible] for Matt Nemer; just have two quick questions. First following up on Peter's 
question, can you give us an update on how some of the other tests are going such as the new pet club and the 
PetsHotels direct mail DVDs? And then the second question was just how your holiday assortment of SKUs compares 
to last year? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. Those tests you mentioned, the DVDs, new pet club are going well. The tests and 
the activity continue as we learn more. We've done a new pet club in another market to get a different look at things, 
and the test continues. Pleased so far. 

<Q>: And then just on the holiday SKUs, I think you mentioned it was about 1,300 this year, how that compares to last 
year? 

<A - Philip Francis>: A few more. I think last year was 1,000 or 1,200 --1,000, 300 more, a few more. As we're 
getting better at this, we do quite a deep dive in which subcategories performed well, and we take up the counts where 
we sold out quicker than we meant to the year before. 

<Q>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Chris Horvers with Bear Stearns. 


<Q - Christopher Horvers>: Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could talk about the contribution of price 
optimization to your comp on the ticket side as well as the unit side, and I guess if you're able to track at that level at 
all? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Well, one thing we don't do is we don't talk about trafficking ticket in terms of comp. We do 
in terms of total sales, and as we mentioned, we had a contribution of 71% transactions, and 29% dollar per transaction 
on total sales. 

<Q - Christopher Horvers>: But in terms of the price optimization, the ability to track HALO sales and perhaps 
capture some demand elasticities out there, any flavor on that and how we should think about that going forward? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. I mean the whole thing is based upon demand elasticities by competitor and by 
subcategory, some of the categories being pretty small. But as for our ability to isolate that, I mean I am, frankly we're 
not that clever. We are not that good. There is so many variables at work here for us to come up with a number, I would 
be critical on myself because we would be making so many assumptions we would be acting smarter than I actually 
think we are. It is an interesting proposition. I don't think we're able to do it with any confidence. 

<Q - Christopher Horvers>: Gotcha. Any – I guess to ask differently, have you seen any comp contribution from, or 
how has your average basket changed over time, average price basket? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Average price basket, I suppose has grown generally at the rate of inflation. And plus, if we've 
done any price optimization, and if we found some places we could go up without hurting ourselves, that would take it 
up a little bit more, so directionally it comes up and down seasonally. There would be a slight upward bias in our 
average price meaning measured against ourselves basket. 

<Q - Christopher Horvers>: Okay. That's perfect. And, Tim, as you look forward and driving those gross margin 
gains of flat to plus 20 bps each year, could you put an order of magnitude how you view better buying, the price 
optimization leverage on occupancy with a better supply chain in private label? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Well, I think going forward, there would probably be a close tie between merch margin and 
occupancy leverage. And we will start to see some additional leverage over time on the WND line as a third 
placeholder. 

<Q - Christopher Horvers>: Okay. That's perfect. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice. 

<Q - David Mann>: Yes, thank you. If you could just clarify on the store closure issue, what is the cost that you expect 
to increase next year related to? 

<A - Philip Francis>: David, this is Phil. We don't put out a cost for that. It is baked into our guidance. It is not going 
to be a lot of money again because-- it is going to be different than it was this year, because this is virtually all these 
expirations were – we've already got a get out of jail card. Maybe Tim can give some more flavor. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: David, the reason we laid it out the way we did for the quarter is because we have a larger 
number of stores that we're closing this year versus next year, excuse me, versus this year, by based on sheer number of 
stores, the closing costs will be higher in Q2 and Q3 of next year versus this year. We aren't in a position yet to indicate 
that order of magnitude. 

<Q - David Mann>: Okay. And then in terms of marketing spend, can you just give us a sense on where you are 
year-to-date over last year and what fourth quarter will look like year-over-year? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: On a year-to-date basis, we're slightly under where we were last year, David. I think what 
we've said is we were, let's say we're close to, on a gross basis, 2.4% of sales and last year at this time, we were closer 


to about 2.7% of sales. 
<Q - David Mann>: And Q4? 
<A - Timothy Kullman>: And Q4 we'll be relatively even with last year. 
<Q - David Mann>: Okay. Thank you, Tim. Good luck to you in the future. 
<A - Timothy Kullman>: Thanks David. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Dan Wewer with Raymond James. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Good evening. With the 6.8% same-store sales growth and store count growing 12%, we had 
expected maybe a bit faster top line growth. Tim, I was curious were the store openings in the third quarter skewed 
towards the end of the period because I am assuming your new store productivity probably remains strong. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: These stores were pretty much spread throughout the quarter. There wasn't a heavy 
emphasis on the year – on quarter-end openings. The sales growth was pretty strong at 14% for the quarter. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: I agree with that. But, we thought you would get to 14% with comps maybe closer to six, not 
seven. So in our calculation, it appears that new store productivity had weakened, which I am assuming is not 
happening but [inaudible] that maybe your stores were opening later in the period. 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: The new store productivity is still right at that 50% level. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Yes. Second question, this is a second quarter of very impressive inventory management. Should 
we anticipate inventory per square foot remaining flat, maybe dropping slightly for the next year? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: I think there might be a slight difference there, but we are pretty good at inventory 
management. I think we've pretty much proven that over the last several years, and in particular, you can see the 
management in this last third quarter. I would not expect to see a significant change. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Are there one or two things that you are doing demonstrably better now than, say, a year or two 
years ago in allocation or in planning inventories? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: I think that, on the WND side and overall combination and collaboration with the 
merchandisers, that we have done a very good job in the past, and we've continued that progress through this fiscal 
year. 

<Q - Dan Wewer>: Great. Thanks and good luck. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Ursula Moran with Bear Stearns. 
<Q - Ursula Moran>: Hi. My question is also inventory-related, but sort of a different angle on it. Your accounts 


payable to inventory ratio improved a lot in the quarter versus last year, and I wondered if you could comment on that 
and comment on whether that's likely to be an ongoing trend? 
<A - Timothy Kullman>: That ratio will fluctuate from quarter to quarter, and it has to do with the timing issues of 


payments, early pay discounts and the like. 
<Q - Ursula Moran>: Okay. 
<A - Timothy Kullman>: It is not a trend that we're trying to set. 



<Q - Ursula Moran>: So, it doesn't reflect any changes in your industry as you've perhaps become more important or 
others less important or anything like that? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: No, it hasn't. 

<Q - Ursula Moran>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Joe Feldman>: Hi, guys. Just wanted to follow up on a couple of questions. Given that the DCs have been 
repaired at this point and the re-racking has been improved, and you had mentioned that you're even running better than 
before the racking collapse, do you think we should expect any incremental boost to margins going forward or is that 
kind of baked into the guidance at this point? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: I would say it is baked into the guidance, Joe. I mean, as we go into '07, '08, '09 years, we're 
going to get better as we continue to see the efficiencies being drawn through the supply chain. 

<Q - Joe Feldman>: Got it. And then, can you quantify the benefit that you're getting from the vendor negotiations and 
how much more upside you expect to achieve as you go forward and also how it's impacted your relationship with 
some of the vendors? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. This is an ongoing process for us. We went to EDL five or six years ago, we went 
to net net buying about that long ago. That's the way that generally Wal-Mart would go to do that. We don't claim to be 
as good as Wal-Mart is at it, but this is the time of year when our buyers are talking to the vendors, and it is – here is 
what we said we'd do, here is what we did. Next year, we think we can do this much more. And our general proposition 
is on the incremental business we think we create profitability for them and we ought to split it. So, that's the work 
that's going on now, by the time we talk to you a quarter from now. The guidance we give on margin will have that 
baked into it. 

But when you're in a retail and you're growing in the teens as we are, that means of course we're becoming more 
important to the people with whom we do business, and we would expect that the success we bring to them they would 
share back with us. So, it's tough to quantify when there is so many variables, but we don't think we've peaked and we 
don't think we're done. We work hard at it and actually it is the month of November each year in preparation for a 
February 1 fiscal year that we do the work that's going on right now. 

<Q - Joe Feldman>: Got it. Thanks. One more quick question. With regard to the PetPerks program, can you discuss 
the level of discounting and how that's tracking versus your plans? Have you been using it to drive incremental traffic 
or – and has that been more or less relative to the plan? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil. First it's about on plan, and as a bit of a refresher here, we don't really use PetPerks 
to drive traffic. There are people out there with cards who try to do that or think they do that. We think that the card is 
mostly a spend per pet, spend per transaction, spend per person in effect move people up, think of a ladder from 0% to 
100% of purchases, and we use the card to take them from wherever they are to 20% higher than that. So, for us it is a 
spend per pet or trip, not a traffic driving sort of circumstance. And in a sense we're trying to spend modestly on two 
tier pricing because we spend the money on both the analysis and the offers that change behaviors, so it is appropriate 
to think of our card program and our objectives a little bit differently. It's specifically not for traffic, it is for spend per 
pet. 

<Q - Joe Feldman>: Got it. Thank you very much, guys. Good luck with the quarter. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from Vivian Ma with CIBC. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: Good afternoon. I just wanted to ask a couple of quick questions. First on the gross margin if you 
could clarify, at what generally – at what level of comps would you achieve occupancy leverage since you got some 
leverage in this quarter but you didn't in the second quarter when your costs are almost 5%? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: Vivian, this is Tim. I think what we said is overall expenses we can leverage 3 to 4% comps. 
But what we said earlier in the year was 2006 was going to be the most difficult year to leverage our occupancy costs 
based on the continued increase in overall store growth over the last couple years, and that will be waning as we get 
into the early part of 2007. So we'll start to see occupancy leverage as we get out into 2007. I am not prepared to tell 
you what comp that is. You can tell it is between the 4.9% that we did sometime last quarter and certainly the 6.8% that 
we did this quarter. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: Okay. On the negative impact from growth and services and PetPerks, at what point in the future do 
you expect maybe some of these effects to become smaller? 

<A - Philip Francis>: This is Phil, Vivian. I actually don't expect them to become smaller because I don't expect the 
services growth to mitigate. We've said services at least 20%, two more years in a row at this point, and I would argue 
or I would – I wouldn't argue. I would assert that in the bottom line effect mitigating would be a bad thing because 
while it has the impact on margins that it may, its effect on operating profit is very favorable. So I would not anticipate 

– in fact, I hope we don't have mitigation of that effect. 
<Q - Vivian Ma>: Okay. And one last question. On your holiday item pricing, for this year is it similar or how does it 
compare with your pricing last year? 

<A - Philip Francis>: Say it is similar. We cover a variety of price points, and I think we're as low as $1.99 and some 
of the things are much more expensive than that. But we try to learn every year by price point by subcategory and 
continually optimizing the assortment, but I would say in terms of average price point across the 1,300 items it would 
not be materially higher or lower than it was last year. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: Have you noticed whether your competition is higher or lower or similar to a year ago? 

<A - Philip Francis>: I wish I could tell you I studied that in detail. At this point I haven't. I have been in competitive 
stores, and I have not been struck by any changes that are significant from them at least with as much analysis as I have 
done so far. 

<Q - Vivian Ma>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from David Cumberland with Robert Baird. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: Thanks. On the increase in in-store expenses to prepare for Q4, can you quantify that 
factor? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: I think all we're willing to say there is that we incurred those additional expenses on the 
labor side in order to make sure that the flow of product was where it needed to be. The items were on the shelf where 
they needed to be at the appropriate time so that we were in the best shape ever for our holiday season. So, that's the 
best I can do for you, David. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: Tim, were those expenses incorporated into your original plan for the period or was this 
something decided more recently later in the period? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: I would suggest to you that some were and some weren't as we proceeded through the 
quarter. 


<Q - David Cumberland>: My other question also for you, Tim, on the interest expense line, that was down a couple 
of million sequentially from Q2 and Q2 had jumped up a lot from Q1. If you could help out with what's going on there? 

<A - Timothy Kullman>: That line for us is a net interest line. So, depending upon the level of our investment income 
and then the number of capital leases that we have per quarter, that number will fluctuate quarter-on-quarter. 

<Q - David Cumberland>: Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes the allotted time for questions. Mr. Francis, you may proceed with your closing remarks. 

Philip L. Francis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We always appreciate your interest and attention. This wraps up our call. Thank 
you for your participation. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's teleconference. All parties may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


