Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Luke Heagle, Investor Relations 
• Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman 
• David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer 
• Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer 
• William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer 
• Christine Dingivan 
Other Participants 

• Ross Muken 
• Robert Jones 
• John Kreger 
• Greg Bolan 
• David Windley 
• Eric Coldwell 
• Sean Wieland 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Darrell, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the PPD Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. 

Thank you. At this time, I would now like to introduce Mr. Luke Heagle, Director of Investor Relations. You may 
begin, sir. 

Luke Heagle, Investor Relations 

Good morning and welcome to PPD's third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. I would like to remind everyone that 
except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations, and assumptions discussed in today's call are 
forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from 
those in the forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause actual results to vary is disclosed in 
the press release announcing our results, the press releases announcing our various strategic initiatives and in the SEC 
filings for PPD, copies of which are available free of charge from our Investor Relations department. 

In our comments today, we will refer to selected non-GAAP financial measures. For all periods discussed today, unless 
specifically noted, net revenue, income from operations, and margins exclude reimbursed out-of-pocket stock option 
expense under FAS 123(R), and restructuring costs. For a quantitative reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers 
discussed in today's call to the most comparable GAAP financial measure, please see the GAAP/non-GAAP 
reconciliation information that is posted under Presentations & Events in the Investors section of our website at 
www.ppdi.com. 


Our revised 2009 net revenue forecast excludes reimbursed out-of-pocket. Although this non-GAAP financial measure 
is not superior to or a substitute for GAAP net revenue, we exclude reimbursed out-of-pockets from our forecasted net 
revenue because they are difficult to accurately forecast and are immaterial because they do not affect operating 
income, net income or earnings per share. We also believe this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors, because it 
more accurately reflects the net revenue that PPD will generate from its services, and because it is useful in making 
period-to-period comparisons. 

I will now turn the call over to our Executive Chairman, Dr. Fred Eshelman. 

Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman 

Thanks, Luke and good morning. Dave Grange has graciously agreed for me to kick off this morning's call. Dave, Dan 
and Bill will cover a lot of the material in their comments to follow. But I wanted to address overall strategy to set the 
background. 

As you have seen from our Q3 results and revised guidance, the overall market and our individual results have not 
recovered as quickly as we had hoped. However, Dave Grange will tell you why we are now more optimistic based on 
hard data. I'm going to tell you our go-forward strategy based on our faith in the business models. 

We're positioning ourselves to be a dominant player in the future. This is enabled by a balance sheet which has 
consistently been the best in our industry. Dave is going to address parts of this, including the China strategy, our 
clinical lab strategy and strategy around vaccines and biologics. Because there are so many details and moving parts, 
we've posted more information on our website at www.ppdi.com. 

Let me begin with the spin-off of compound partnering. This has been a controversial part of our strategy for some 
time. People have argued for pure play investment, while others liked PPDI with the option, others worried about 
dilution, use of cash and so forth. We believe it is now time to separate the businesses with a spin-off of compound 
partnering assets to shareholders. 

The proposed spin-off is expected to be accomplished through a tax-free pro rata dividend distribution of stock of the 
compound partnering company to the shareholders of PPD. Completion of the proposed spin-off is subject to numerous 
conditions including final approval of PPD's Board of Directors and the filing and approval of a Form 10 with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. The Form 10 is expected to be filed in early 2010 and we would conclude the 
spin-off following completion of the SEC's review process. 

The compound partnering company resulting from the spin-off is expected to have six key assets: our rights to royalties 
and sales-based milestones from our collaboration with ALZA Corporation on Priligy, the first and only approved 
treatment for premature ejaculation; our rights to potential future regulatory and sales-based milestones and if 
approved, royalties on sales on Takeda's DPP-4 inhibitor alogliptin and the combination products; our dermatology 
program that we acquired with the acquisition of Magen BioSciences in April 2009, which includes MAG-131 for 
which an IND was recently filed. It also includes our statin compound license from Ranbaxy for the treatment of 
dyslipidemia and potentially two new compounds from a deal in late-stage negotiation. 

PPD expects to capitalize the new compound partnering company with approximately $100 million in cash to provide it 
a strong financial position to leverage its existing collaborations, seek additional strategic opportunities, and capitalize 
on its commercial opportunities. After the spin-off transaction, PPD will continue as a leading global contract research 
organization. PPD will continue to be listed on the NASDAQ stock market under the company's current ticker symbol, 
PPDI. The initial capitalization should provide sufficient funding to advance the new compounds to a partner decision 
point, get MAG-131 through Phase II and possibly additional development work on 10558. 

Basically the compound partnering team from PPD will go with Newco. I will serve as the initial Chairman, while 
remaining as Executive Chairman of PPD. The business will be run as virtual as possible, buying CRO and other 
services. We have retained L.E.K. Consulting to provide valuations on the assets. Goldman Sachs have been retained as 
advisors on the spin-off. The team is very excited and ready to drive real value with Newco. 


Now let's talk about CRO related events. While we were not the first movers in China, we have now rolled out part of 
the strategy with the announced transaction. The Excel acquisition will put us in the lead in terms of size for clinical 
development. Excel also has an arrangement on vaccines, which we hope to fold into our overall strategy of being the 
dominant player in that development area. We're also in very late-stage negotiations for another piece of our broad 
China strategy. We had hoped to announce on this call, but could not quite get all the Ts crossed. Hopefully this news 
will follow in the coming weeks. 

Next is the commitment of $100 million to Celtic Therapeutics. For some while, we've been looking for a large play in 
drug development that would provide two potential avenues of growth for PPD. One is an investment vehicle with the 
potential for large returns. Second is using PPD to assist Celtic with their development activities. This investment in 
Celtic Therapeutics is intended to set the stage for a strategic alliance between Celtic Therapeutics and PPD to forge a 
new framework for timely and cost-efficient drug development. As a result, we believe that these efficiencies will lead 
to higher quality data and overall markedly reduced timelines. It is all about bringing the best products to market sooner 
to meet the needs of patients. We believe that this alliance will benefit Celtic Therapeutics' mid to late-stage pipeline 
across the board. 

In terms of PPD's core CRO business, we have been losing market share for a while, in addition to the effects of some 
weakness in the underlying level of client authorizations and spend. Let's be clear on a couple of things. First, we see 
some evidence of increased RFPs as Dave will describe. More importantly, this organization is in overdrive and the 
slide in market share will be reversed. We're making big bets on this in China in our breadth of service offerings, in 
innovative relationships, and in establishing dominance in certain segments. 

We've rolled out a large number of activities on this call, but we certainly do not intend to stop here and are already 
engaged in discussions around other strategic moves. As you can tell, I'm fired up and bullish. The rest of our 
management and colleagues are in the same boat. Now, let's hear from Dave Grange. 

David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you Fred and good morning. Let me start by saying that I am just as bullish as Fred, not only regarding our 
strategic plans for the future, but our existing core business operations. 

Third quarter net revenue was down sequentially, due primarily to several cancellations in our Phase I business and 
project delays and also down-scoping of projects in our North American Phase II-IV business. During the quarter, we 
continued to deliver strong revenues in Asia-Pacific, an area of increasing importance to biopharmaceutical companies 
and a region we have targeted for expansion. 

Gross margin and operating margin remained strong for the quarter and diluted earnings per share were $0.32. 
Although new authorizations for the third quarter of 425 million were lower than expected, PPD has been selected as a 
strategic outsourcing partner by five sponsors, three for Phase II-IV services, one for biostatistics, and the fifth for 
Phase I services. Discussions are ongoing with several other pharma and biotech companies regarding additional 
strategic partnering opportunities. These selections will increase our service opportunities going forward. 

In recognition of our strong drug safety and epidemiology capabilities and commitment to patient safety and regulatory 
compliance, we were recently selected by the FDA to evaluate the agency's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research 
post-market spontaneous adverse event surveillance system. We will apply our drug safety expertise to conduct a 
thorough evaluation of the system and report findings to the FDA and to the public. 

Third quarter Phase II-IV RFP activity was encouraging, as the number of proposals increased compared to the second 
quarter of 2009, though many have been pushed into the fourth quarter. Third quarter cancellations and adjustments 
decreased significantly compared to the second quarter of 2009. Oncology and infectious diseases continued to be the 
therapeutic areas that experienced the largest amount of cancellations and adjustments during this quarter. Backlog 
remains at 3.2 billion with an average duration of 36 months. 


Our balance sheet continues to be strong with 683 million in cash and investments and no long-term debt. We will 
continue to use our cash prudently to strengthen our business models to serve our clients and create value for our 
stakeholders and to take advantage of opportunities to increase our global footprint and our capacity. Creating 
innovative alliances and tailoring our portfolio of services to meet client needs are key priorities for PPD. We have 
strengthened our post-approval capabilities including the establishment of the Centralized Research Coordination 
Center in Brussels, Belgium and its first satellite office in Smolensk, Russia to support both Europe, Middle East, 
Africa research locations with remote site management and remote clinical monitoring activities. We're building a 
center in Sofia, Bulgaria to expand our pharmacovigilance and medical communication services and remain focused on 
strengthening our capabilities throughout Eastern Europe. 

We have also added resources and expertise to our government and non-government organizational business. We've 
focused and enhanced our site and patient recruitment functions and are expanding our non-traditional service 
offerings. As stated earlier by Fred, we will significantly be expanding our presence in China through the acquisition of 
Excel PharmaStudies and we're working on several other near-term initiatives as part of our overall China and 
Asia-Pacific strategies. We are now operating our new global central lab in Singapore, enabling us to provide an 
extensive range of laboratory services in Southeast Asia. 

Excel PharmaStudies is the late-stage clinical development market leader and one of the largest contract research 
organizations in China. Combining this business with our current clinical services in China and our global central lab 
capabilities provided through our partnership with Peking Union Lawke will bring tremendous value to PPD and our 
clients. Through this acquisition, PPD will significantly strengthen its position in the Chinese drug development market 
and create a solid foundation for future growth in the Asia-Pacific region. Upon completion of this acquisition, PPD 
will employ approximately 750 professionals in 12 countries throughout Asia-Pacific and we will continue to evaluate 
strategic opportunities to position PPD as the industry leader in this high-growth region. 

The up-fit of our new GMP analytical testing lab in Athlone, Ireland will be completed late this year to meet growing 
demand for these services in Europe, Middle East, Asia – or Middle East and Africa, excuse me. We are integrating 
processes and systems across our bioanalytical, vaccine, GMP and global central labs to drive cross-selling 
opportunities and enhance our value proposition for strategic partnering opportunities. 

With the vaccine market being one of the fastest growing segments in the industry, we are developing biologics and 
vaccine Center of Excellence in Wayne, Pennsylvania that offers end-to-end comprehensive lab services in a 
state-of-the-art facility. 

This is a very exciting time for PPD and our entire leadership team is fully aligned and committed to executing our 
strategic initiatives balanced with our day-to-day operational improvements. We plan to continue to create positional 
advantage during the remainder of 2009 in the CRO market, building additional capabilities and global capacity, 
entering 2010 with fierce determination to add growth and value to our clients and our shareholders. 

Our CFO, Dan Darazsdi, will provide detail on the third quarter numbers and our revised 2009 financial guidance, 
followed by a detailed operational review from our COO, Bill Sharbaugh. Dan? 

Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Dave and good morning. Net revenue for the third quarter of '09 was 316.9 million compared to 362.1 
million in the third quarter of '08 and 330.9 million in the second quarter of '09. Backlog remained at 3.2 billion at 
quarter-end and breaks down by client type as follows; 69% pharmaceutical, 26% biotechnology, and 5% government. 

Our 3Q '09 development segment revenue of 315.8 million was down about 4.3% compared to the second quarter of '09 
and 

breaks down by service areas as follows; 79% from Phase II through IV, 19% from labs, and 2% from Phase I. 
Development segment gross margin for the third quarter of '09 was 52.9% and compares favorably to our target of 
50%. Cost control and productivity initiatives enabled us to maintain our margin, while operating with lower top line 


revenue. During the third quarter we maintained tight control on overhead costs and executed a restructuring plan 
targeted at addressing the over capacity in North America, which resulted in a charge of 3.9 million. 

Development segment income from operations for the third quarter of '09 excluding the 3.9 million restructuring charge 
was 60.3 million or 19.1% of revenue, which was slightly lower than our target rate of 20%. Sequentially, foreign 
exchange had a nominal impact on revenue and operating income in the third quarter of '09. For the quarter ended 
September 30 of '09, capital expenditures were 14.2 million. Capital expenditures included 6.4 million for computer 
software and hardware, 6.4 million for leasehold improvements and fit-out and 1.4 million for scientific equipment for 
our laboratory units. 

For the third quarter of '09, net cash provided by operating activities was 55.2 million and free cash flow was 41.0 
million. We increased our very strong cash and investment balance to 682.9 million at quarter end. We continue to 
deliver solid days sales outstanding, finishing the quarter at 33 days compared to 42 days at December 31 of '08. Total 
gross revenues, which include all out-of-pocket expenses and pass-through costs were 420.3 million for the three 
months ended September 30 of '09. Unbilled services totaled 173.6 million at September 30, '09 and remained 
relatively the same as a percentage of total receivables at 37.7% compared to 38.5% at December 31 of '08. With 
94.1% of our total accounts receivable as of September 30 '09 aged less than 90 days, our collection efficiency remains 
solid. 

Other income in the third quarter of '09 was 1.2 million compared to 1.1 million in the second quarter of '09 as we 
continued to experience nominal rates of return on our cash and investment balances as a result of global financial 
market conditions. 

Our tax rate for the third quarter of '09 was 21.8% compared to 32.2% for the third quarter of '08 and 29.0% in the 
second quarter of '09. The decrease in tax rate was primarily driven by the geographic distribution of income and 
favorable treatment of previously unrecognized tax benefits under FIN 48. 

As previously communicated, we are pursuing several positive strategic transactions, including the acquisition of Excel 
PharmaStudies, which greatly enhances our service offerings in China and is expected to be nominally accretive in year 
one. I'm also pleased to announce that PPD has entered into a definitive agreement to sell our biomarker discovery 
sciences business; exiting the biomarker discovery business will eliminate the earnings dilution from this business 
going forward. PPD will continue to offer biomarker validation and testing as part of our central lab and bioanalytical 
service offerings. 

I'd now like to provide some detail regarding our change to the 2009 guidance. We're revising our development revenue 
guidance range to 1.282 billion to 1.307 billion for the entire year. Based on the revised revenue expectations and other 
financial assumptions, we have updated our '09 development EPS guidance to 0.31 to $0.32 in the fourth quarter, 
resulting in full-year development guidance of $1.38 to $1.39. We are revising our discovery revenue guidance to 8 
million for the entire year due primarily to the pending divestiture of our biomarker business. 

Based on the revised revenue expectations, projected additional spending in support of our potential new compounds 
and the divestiture of our biomarker business, we are updating our '09 discovery EPS guidance to a range of negative 
$0.11 to negative $0.12 in the fourth quarter of '09, resulting in full-year discovery guidance of zero cents to $0.01. The 
expected gain on the sale of our biomarker business of approximately $0.02 is included in our revised EPS guidance. 

We're expecting a tax rate of between 27 and 28% for the full-year of '09. Cash from operations is expected to continue 
to be strong at approximately 170 million for '09. 

That concludes my remarks at this time. Our Chief Operating Officer will now provide his comments. Bill? 

William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Dan. Despite our lower than target authorizations for Q3, we do believe the market is beginning to pick up. 
Sequentially, the dollar value of the Phase II through IV proposals increased 50% and the average size increased 16%. 


We are seeing more large opportunities and our marketing log is up 43% from last quarter. As Dave noted, our focus on 
strategic partnerships is beginning to pay off. We are engaged in discussions with several more companies. 

We remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of the CRO market and the necessity for pharma to outsource 
drug development. This belief and feedback from customers has resulted in our strategic focus on China; add to this a 
renewed emphasis on our government business, partnerships, growing our biologics lab business, productivity 
initiatives, and we remain bullish on the future. 

I would like to expand on the Excel acquisition, which makes PPD the leading late-stage CRO in China. With the 
Chinese pharmaceutical market forecasted to grow at almost 20% between 2008 and 2013, our customers are placing 
more and more work in Asia and specifically China. Excel brings more than 300 experienced staff across 15 of China's 
biggest cities. Their client base includes the majority of large pharma as well as regional and local companies involved 
in drug development. 

In collaboration with the Chinese government, Excel has offices in the Taizhou Medical High-Tech Industrial 
Development Zone to support both biometrics and vaccine related services. I would like to note that Taizhou is the 
hometown of the current Chinese president and is positioning itself to become the country's largest pharmaceutical, 
biotech and medical equipment development zone in China. We're confident this acquisition will be accretive. 

In Q3 '09, development services gross and operating margins were stable and G&A cost continued to decline. Our top 
client accounted for 8% of year-to-date revenue. Our top five clients accounted for 32% of year-to-date revenue. Our 
top 10 clients accounted for 51% of year-to-date revenue and the top 25 clients accounted for 72% of year-to-date 
revenue. We expect our 2009 head count to remain stable at approximately 10,000 employees until the Excel 
acquisition closes. 

Now to the Phase I clinic and labs. In Q3 '09 our Phase I clinic was below plan. Revenue and new authorizations were 
below target. We believe this represents market softness as we served five new clients and were selected by a large 
pharma as the sole provider for Phase I services. So even though we saw fewer QTc and first-in-man studies than usual 
we expect this to pick up. 

While our GMP lab revenue was down 8% below Q2 '09, new authorizations were up 61% and backlog 6% over Q2 
'09. So this bodes well for revenue in Q4. Our expansion plans in Ireland remain on track for a Q4 '09 opening and we 
expect to generate revenue in Q1 '10. 

Our vaccine lab exceeded revenue and operating income targets and continues to win new business from pharma clients 
outside the Merck long-term contract. We remain bullish on this business and are underway with expansion for new 
services and capabilities in the facility. 

Central lab revenue and new authorizations were weaker than expected but our central lab in Singapore is open and 
generating revenue. We expect the market to pick up in Q1 '10. The bioanalytical lab turned in solid numbers for the 
quarter; compared to Q2 '09 net revenue increased 14% and new authorizations increased 17%. We added six new 
clients and successfully completed the largest short-term bioanalytical program ever undertaken by PPD. 

That concludes my comments on the Development segment and I'll turn it over to our CEO, Dave Grange. 

David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. So now we're open for any kind of questions from the audience. 

Q&A 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank. Your line is 
now open. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Good morning, gentlemen. So, as we think about your comments regarding what's been going on 
from a market share perceptive across the business, can you give us a little bit of color, obviously you talked about the 
new strategic relationships that you've developed, so that's pretty encouraging. What are the discussions like you're 
having from a business development perspective with the respective firms? What's the feedback they are giving you 
relative to what's been the main driver of some of the difficulties you had in retaining or keeping share? And in turn, 
given, sort of the overall landscape of R&D being looked at by a lot of these players heavily and several of them being 
in the midst of large M&A, has that sort of come into the overall talking points and what's your general thoughts on 
that? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, let me start off on answering that question, there is some 
M&A activity that may have delayed a few decisions on some things of clients, but the main reason is many of our 
clients are looking at new business models from full-service to FSP models, whatever the case may be. They have 
delayed some of their activity, they've pushed it down into following quarters, whatever the case may be. But many of 
them really are focused on strategic partnerships, not just a normal contract type relationship. We have focused a lot of 
our effort on establishing relationships, tailoring our business models with theirs, looking at their strategic objectives, 
working together to go forward. And those are now picking up considerably, we are very pleased at the ones we have 
already closed on and some on the cusp of closing. But, because of this we believe the RFP – well, we know the RFP 
activity has picked up, it looks better than it has in the past, but I believe that that CRO business is promising and it's 
definitely promising as we look ahead for PPD. 

<A>: Dave, I think you've summarized the scenario well. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: And maybe just sort of as a follow-up. As we think about sort of the inroads you're making into 
China and some of the other emerging markets that you've talked about, I mean, do you fell like that's giving you a 
much better mix and general kind of menu to give to the customer base, as now you have much more coverage in some 
of the areas where a lot of the global growth has been going on versus sort of how your business had been historically, 
very domestically focused? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we've improved our footprint, which improves our capacity 
to serve our clients and also the capabilities in our portfolio. If you look at the slides that are posted, it'll show you the 
growth expectations of China. Most of our clients talk about China, talk about Asia. So, we believe we're positioning 
ourselves well as we go forward into 2010 because of what we have done in that particular country and that part of the 
world. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Robert Jones>: Thanks for the questions. Just one follow-up on the strategic partner deals that you had 
mentioned. I was wondering, were those – all five of those deals with new clients? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Some of these clients we've worked with in the past but business 
may have been slacking somewhat, that's now been renewed and picked up and we are now designated either as the 
sole provider or in a strategic partnership with maybe one other, designated by therapeutic areas, whatever the – or 
functional area of the support. So, this is renewed opportunities going forward either with a new partner or a renewed 
partner. 

<Q - Robert Jones>: Okay. That's helpful. And then on RFP flow, I know, it seems like that's picked up quite a bit this 
quarter for you, and we've heard encouraging trends in new proposals across the industry the last few quarters. I was 


just curious if maybe you could share with us, do you think RFP flow in the current environment still translates into 
new business, as an indicator of new business the same way it has in the past? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: This is Fred Eshelman. I think there is some evidence of 
a longer sales cycle. I mean certainly in Q3, we had several very large opportunities slip into Q4 or some other quarter 
unexpectedly, sort of as Dave had indicated. But again a lot of things we believe are now finally beginning to gel not 
only based on the RFP flow, but based on all of the strategic discussions that are going forward. I think the market is 
restructuring itself and when we said that we fully intend to start recapturing market share and be dominant in certain 
areas, part of the foundation for that will be the number of the strategic partnerships that we hope to close, which 
obviously establishes X percent of market share in and of itself. So that's one of the reasons that we're bullish. 

<Q - Robert Jones>: Thanks for the questions. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair & Company. Your line is now open. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Thanks very much. Just to follow up on the strategic partner question, as you look at across your 
book at this point how many of these strategic type deals would you say you've got today versus a year ago? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Well on the strategic partnerships, these are five new ones. We 
already had several and we have several upcoming; hopefully they will be closed. So the result of that will be, we 
believe will be increased business, guaranteed business as long as we continue to meet the quality which we stand by, 
the quality of our services. So, the best way for me to answer that I think is just that they have increased and are 
increasing as we go forward into 2010. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: And John, this is Dan. Just to add to that, just kind of from a 
year-over-year viewpoint, just internally it feels very different today than it did a year ago relative to the discussions 
and conversation around strategic partnerships. We're getting a lot more client interest around the notion of really true 
partnering and them wanting to down-select from a lot of vendors to just a few select vendors that they're going to work 
with and have a much more strategic arrangement with and a strategic discussion with. So, just, I think part of your 
question was, how is it changing? The number of preferred provider strategic opportunities we see today are just vastly 
different from a year ago. We think the landscape is changing. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Excellent. Thanks. And just to kind of clarify this, maybe you just answered it. I think Fred you 
said at the start of the call you've been losing share for a while, but you're confident that's going to change. Can you just 
kind of help us better understand, what are you guys doing to make sure that that share erosion stops and how quickly 
do you think it can flip back to gaining share? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Well, we have initiatives across the board as Dave 
Grange can certainly address, one of which is some reorganizations of business development, crisper plans, bottom up 
build out on targets, better coordination between the various sales forces. So that's certainly on the spear of the attack, if 
you will. The number of strategic partnerships is an absolute must. We must be players in these places because if we 
get shut out of market share then the future determines itself. As you know, we are positioning ourselves much better 
overseas and in particular in hot markets. In this past quarter, the only geographic segment of our phase II through IV 
business that grew significantly sequentially was Asia-Pacific and that number was not lost on us and therefore we're 
playing to strength there. As noted, we are expanding into Bulgaria on pharmacovigilance, which is a very hot area and 
we were very pleased with the FDA contract selection there. 

So, there is just a whole bunch of things that we're doing simultaneously to not only stop this loss of market share, but 
hopefully to reverse that sharply going forward. And on that note, I don't want to continue to blame the market. That's 
part of it, but it's certainly not all of it and we just plain out got our butt kicked for a while and that's going to stop. 


<Q - John Kreger>: Great, thanks. And then a final question, your Celtic Therapeutics deal, should we think of that as 
going with the spin or will that deal remain with the new stand-alone PPD? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: The current plan is that the Celtic Therapeutics 
investment is a PPDI investment for the two reasons I outlined, one of which is, we believe based on the track records 
of those general partners and the candidate selections and this, and that and the other, that it's a very sound investment 
for PPD and we're making practically nothing on our cash at the moment. Secondly, we hope to form a strategic 
alliance with Celtic Therapeutics around a different paradigm, a different approach to how a CRO would work with a 
client on full development opportunities. So we're very excited about this, but this should be viewed as a CRO move, 
not as a compound partnering move. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Greg Bolan from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Thanks. If I could dive a little deeper into the strategic partnerships, General Grange, Fred, based 
on your conversations with these sponsors, did you get a feel for whether their overall R&D spend will increase next 
year or maybe that they just may choose to outsource more of their development budget? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: These are from face-to-face discussions obviously with the 
leadership, the different leaders within PPD, including Fred and myself, Dan, Bill et cetera, the combination. They are 
-- I think some of the R&D spend is going to increase, they have definitely prioritized. We've taken advantage of that in 
areas that we have a lot strength in. This new business model on partnerships is to find efficiencies not only in their 
own companies but in relationship to us because we both benefit from a strategic partnership as you go through the 
process of developing the service, negotiating and then -- as you go forward to execute it. You are more on the 
front-end, you're tied into the strategy of the partner, it's more of a team feel to it. We are excited about it, they are very 
excited about it. In fact, it's their new business model and we have adapted. So as you go forward, I think it's going to 
increase but it's also prioritization involved with that increase. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Yeah, if I could comment on that as well, we certainly 
hope that there will be some refocused spending on development and I think there will have to be for them to catch up. 
But our strategy is based on penetration and share rather than an increase in overall spend. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Sure. That's fair. And then, I guess moving on to Celtic Therapeutics, I guess following on John's 
question, and I guess you somewhat addressed this, Fred but, where you're investing 100 million, can you discuss the 
economics of this deal beyond actually, possibly conducting the work associated with compounds developed by Celtic? 
So will there be any type of economics beyond the actual development of drugs, say should the drug move forward in 
the phases or potentially eventually become commercialized? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: No, this is purely A) an investment and B) hopefully a 
strategic alliance around development services; we have no stake in milestones, royalties or any other go-forward stuff. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Understood. Okay, thanks so much. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Dave Windley from Jefferies & Company. Your line is now open. 

<Q - David Windley>: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Fred or Dave, have you at this point 
dedicated senior business development staff or maybe even members of the executive team to these -- to the negotiation 
of these strategic agreements? My understanding is some of your peers in their pursuit of this have carved out the entire 
engagement discussion negotiation process to a dedicated team. I'm just wondering how you're approaching that? 


<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: We tailor almost like a task force to serve these different strategic 
partners. And so, wherever we need the resources in order to serve that client, we put that together with dedicated 
teams. We have C suite people involved in all of them. So to answer your question, yes, we do. 

<Q - David Windley>: Is the -- who is the bird-dog, I guess, who -- I presume that you don't want to sit back and wait 
for the client to call you and say hey, we're interested in talking about a broader relationship. You want to be out there 
finding it. Is it the senior executive kind of key relationship manager that is responsible for identifying those 
opportunities? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Actually some clients have called, but as you can probably imagine 
from my past life, I'm big on reconnaissance. 

<Q - David Windley>: I can imagine, yes. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: And so yes, we have moved out to – with senior leadership, with 
not only from the C suite but from BD, from ops, as an example, as a team to do this, several a week. So, yeah, we are 
out there looking and we – doing that, we have found more market share that we didn't even know about that we're 
going after. So, yes, it's very aggressive, it's very dedicated and it's starting to pay off quite a bit. 

<Q - David Windley>: Dave -- I'm sorry, go ahead Fred. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: No, I was just going to add to that by saying the bird-dog 
is one thing, but you've got to have a shooter behind it. 

<Q - David Windley>: Yeah, you do. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Not only have we got to turn things up, we've got to 
close them and I think as Dave said, all of our senior management are working very closely to get this accomplished. 
These strategic possibilities are assigned to C suite people. So people actually have something beside their name that 
they are responsible for and nobody wants to come in with a failure. So, it's a pretty focused attack as Dave has alluded 
to. 

<Q - David Windley>: You talk about in these strategic deals a broadening of services involved, Dave, you just 
mentioned market share that you didn't know was there, I guess this one's kind of a two-parter. That market share that 
you didn't prior know about, is that market share that was going to other CROs or is it work that has been done 
internally that the firm is now actively talking about moving out? So that's the first part, and then when you're talking 
about broadening services, PPD is now talking more loudly about expanding the GMP lab and expanding the central 
lab and getting into some other areas. I guess, I'm wondering if the discussion is -- if you are sitting down and 
discussing services beyond the umbrella of Phase II to IV, in that breadth of services or is it still more focused under 
that primary Phase II to IV umbrella? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, a couple of things here but some of it, I don't want to get 
into detail on because of others that are on the call besides investors. First of all the – there's some market share that has 
fallen out of other competitors because of quality. We have gone after that. There is some market share in government, 
non-profit organization and non-traditional services that we're going after. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Phase – when I say all this, Phase II-IV is still the core business, 
it's still our main focus, but I'll let Christine, our Chief Medical Officer, make a few comments on the lab question that 
you had. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. 

<A - Christine Dingivan>: Hi, this is Christine Dingivan. I think that one of our main strategic goals as a company is 
to become a leader in the support of vaccine drug development and that has been really one of the new markets that 


we've been pursuing to build on our unique lab capabilities following the acquisition of the Wayne facility. The key to 
that growth is the integration of services to support specifically vaccine development, so everything from clinical 
monitoring to data management to the lab assays that support the vaccine testing as well as the GCL, and in this way 
create a new service offering to facilitate the data integration and then real-time data analysis and obviously the 
knowledge of the drug as it's being developed in more real-time. So that's just one example of how we're pursuing the 
vaccine market as well as the broader biologics market. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay, let me ask just one more and I'll defer to others. In terms of the global footprint 
expanding, the AbCRO and the InnoPharm acquisitions had already been announced, and I'm sure are well along in 
integration, that was my question is how -- or that is my question, how in the weeds are the integration efforts on those 
two deals going and then perhaps elaborate a little bit on the Excel and how that will fold in as well? 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: This is Bill Sharbaugh, the InnoPharm and AbCRO 
acquisitions have been integrated into PPD proper and have gone quite well and have met our expectations, and I think 
are adding value to our II-IV business segment in general. We have a very experienced team; we have done this before 
successfully and are confident we'll do the same thing with the Excel acquisition moving forward. So we already have 
people on the ground and are expecting a very quick close to this acquisition and are confident that we can turn it into 
value for PPD very quickly. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. Thanks, Bill. 

Operator 

And your next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell from Robert W. Baird & Co. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Thanks. Is the shooter behind the bird dog carrying a slingshot or a Bazooka? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: We have a multitude of weapons at our disposal. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: That's great. I guess what I'm driving to is, there's been some I think Wall Street perception that 
perhaps PPD historically was a bit inflexible on price and flexibility with how you structured deals. I'm curious how 
you're thinking about that now, and how religious you are going to be about maintaining that 50% plus gross margin on 
especially large deals and whether you'd be willing to give a bit there, if you can make up the difference in operating 
expenses and other areas? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Let me take a crack at that first, and then Dave and Dan 
and everybody and their dog can jump in on this. You know first of all, we like others have to adjust to markets, adjust 
to reality and so forth. At the same time, we are not going to lose sight of the financial model upon which this company 
was based and has always operated. And that is at the end of the day, it's about cash. And you can't make cash without 
margins, at least, I don't know how to do that. So whether or not we can maintain a 50% GP, I don't know, we'll try. 
More importantly, as far as I'm concerned is, what's happening on the operating line, and then of course the bottom line 
so to speak of all that is, what's coming out of net income? And I think Dan and his folks are doing an excellent job on 
the tax side, much better than we've ever had before. So that in theory, and I'm not giving a message here, but in theory 
even if we did have a little slippage on the operating line for example and we vastly improve our tax situation, then 
there's no effect or even a positive effect on net income obviously. 

So again, we're going to try to maintain discipline between all the operating parts of PPD, but we are going to be 
realistic, we are going to get back into a positive top line growth. But we're not going to do it at the expense of 
becoming a supermarket. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: If I may add to that, Eric, the discipline is there. We have our goals 
that we try to maintain. But we have been adaptive to the customer and we may make up the margins with 
innovativeness within our efficiencies that we find, how we structure the deals. So we meet the client needs and still 
maintain the discipline of our model within PPD. But obviously we've had to adapt somewhat at this time, but it's still 


working out very well for us. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Thanks for that. The Excel acquisition is fantastic. It's a great company and I think we have 
some sense of the size of that firm, but I'd be curious whether you could offer any additional color or granularity in 
terms of expected revenue, revenue growth and even valuation on the deal or is it too soon on that? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: Eric, this is Dan, we're going to provide that when we do our 
2010 guidance update. So obviously we're just thrilled with the opportunity that Excel is going to bring to PPD in terms 
of an offering, the China capabilities there. But we think it's probably best at this point to close the deal, really refine 
the models, make sure our teams get a really good chance to look at it, and then be really transparent as we go into our 
expectations into 2010. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: And 2010 guidance is coming this year, it will be in January or --? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, that's our expectation. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Okay. Next question is, still related to this, you're now going to be number one in China with the 
AbCRO and InnoPharm deals, I suspect you're number one or perhaps, top three in Central and Eastern Europe, I'd love 
your comment on where you think you are positioned there. Also in terms of other global geographic expansion, if you 
could give us a sense on where you think you fall out in Latin America. And finally, I think there has been some focus 
on maybe looking at Africa and I'd love to hear what your plans are there? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, a couple of comments on that. First of all, the capacity that 
we have in Eastern Europe actually has already expanded with some other offerings that we're providing our customers. 
In Asia, like Fred said in his remarks, I also alluded to more to come. In Latin America, we're forming a new strategy 
on how, looking at Latin America which -- actually what's going on in Latin America affects not only us but our 
competitors, the whole market in general. But we have some innovative ideas that we're putting together for Latin 
America. In North America, government business, non-traditional services, non-profits, working on some of that to 
shore up that activity. And in EMEA, with the lab discussions in Ireland, call centers et cetera, we're shoring up that 
capacity there as we go forward. 

So we actually have actions in all the theaters of operation to not so much – it doesn't just mean the numbers of people 
and offices you have, but what actually can you provide adapted to that particular market environment for the customer. 
So it's more than just volume, just like it's more than just cost when you're dealing with a bid with a partner. It has to do 
with quality, how you package, how you meet the expectations of the client and that particular population group in that 
part of the world. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: You also alluded to Africa, and of course we've been 
active in Africa for many, many years, vis-à-vis our NIH contracts on AIDS and other things, we don't have permanent 
fixed offices in Sub-Saharan Africa, but we certainly operate there from other bases. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: And Africa -- again there's a strategy being rolled out for Africa in 
that particular business area, a type like Fred alluded to and a few other opportunities which I'd rather not get into on 
this call. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Okay, that's fair. Final question is more technical, on Celtic, should we think of this 100 million 
capital commitment as similar to what a normal private equity investment would look like where you make the up-front 
commitment and then get capital calls over the next two, three, four years as Celtic invests in new products or are you 
going to be funding that day one and how should we be treating that on the balance sheet? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Dan can certainly take this up in detail, but yes, it will be ratable 
over the life of the fund and so forth with calls as needed. I don't think there are caps on the call on this, when it's 
however fast they can get new compounds in. So the good news will be how fast it's drawn down, number one. Number 
two, there was of course, since the fund had been open for a year, a catch-up if you will, which we have already paid 
and Dan you can go into those details if you'd like. 


<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, sure just a couple of details to help. One is as Fred 
indicated it's about a 30 million initial investment. That will be followed with the remainder as there's calls over the 
next two to three years. That's kind of our going-in expectation. We're going to be treating this under the equity method 
of accounting. So you're going to see impacts into the P&L just based on a one line – which will be fund expenses 
based on a percentage and then underlying fund value changes. So, we'll be including that as we go forward. Yeah, so 
equity line, not R&D. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Does that introduce the, I guess, risk that you get a large capital call in a given quarter and 
suddenly we're running 5 to 10 million dollars of expense through the equity line and it's going to create choppy 
earnings or has --? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: It's not going to be – the equity line's going to be a little bit 
different right, it will be based on the underlying value in the fund. The cash will be on a cash call basis and we're 
expecting to have pretty good visibility into that. We'll be obviously working very close -- closely with them and so it'll 
just be cash line and equity line. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Again, -- we're not taking the R&D charges. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. There is no R&D charges here. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Right. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: This is the – I think this is going through the equity line in the 
P&L. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

And your last question of the day comes from the line of Sean Wieland from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Sean Wieland>: Hi thanks, just one last big picture question. What are you seeing – or what do you think will 
happen to overall pharma R&D budgets over the next couple of years and how do you think that that ties into pricing 
trends? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Well, this is Fred Eshelman, obviously we don't actually 
have any idea. My feeling though is that whether the total R&D dollar increases or not is one question, another 
important question of course is how is it allocated? And I think that some of the disruption and the delays and so forth 
that we and others have seen over the past year is going to have to be caught up because these companies are still 
operating on an R&D driven model, they've got to have new compounds to drive their revenue and earnings and there 
has been somewhat of a lull here and you're going to have to catch that up or you're going to pay for it in the future. So 
again whether the overall dollar amount increases or whether the allocation changes and/or the penetration that we 
talked about before, and I think as well, you're now seeing in spades, the changes in how this stuff is done. Because if 
the Celtic folks raise the amount of money that they are talking about, this is a whole different model and it's a whole 
different source of R&D dollar in addition to the traditional pharma and biotech. So I think in one sense we're actually 
seeing a market expansion. 

<Q - Sean Wieland>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer>: Just to further reiterate, I mean this not going to run through the 
R&D line on the P&L, so make sure you guys heard that. This is going to be treated under equity accounting and that's 
where the P&L will be impacted. 


Operator 

And there are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks, sir? 

David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer 

Yes I do, Dave here. I just want to thank everybody for being on the call with us today and giving us your time. We're 
moving forward in a challenging market, we are focused on improving customer service and – with adaptive business 
models, improving that service for our customers. At the same time we are going to use our advantages of cash, no 
debt, and innovative solutions to increase our capabilities and our strategic reach, which we outlined today and I'd like 
to add with enthusiasm, more to come. 

Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman 

Thank you. 

Operator 

And this now concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


