Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Luke Heagle, Investor Relations 
• David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer 
• Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
• William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer 
• Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman 
Other Participants 

• Robert Jones 
• Ross Muken 
• Greg Bolan 
• David Windley 
• John Kreger 
• Doug Tsao 
• Eric Coldwell 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Sarah and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome 
everyone to the PPD Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Luke Heagle, Associate Director of Investor Relations. 

Luke Heagle, Investor Relations 

Good morning and welcome to PPD's Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to remind everyone 
that, except for historical information, all of the statements, expectations and assumptions discussed in today's call are 
forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from 
those in the forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause actual results to vary is disclosed in 
the press release announcing our results and in the SEC filings for PPD, copies of which are available free of charge 
from our Investor Relations department. 

In our comments today, we will refer to selected non-GAAP financial measures. For all periods discussed today, unless 
specifically noted, net revenue, income from operations, and margins exclude reimbursed out-of-pocket and stock 
option expense under FAS 123(R). For a quantitative reconciliation of all non-GAAP numbers discussed in today's call 
to the most comparable GAAP financial measure, please see the GAAP/non-GAAP reconciliation information that is 
posted under Presentations and Events in the Investors section of our website at www.ppdi.com. 

I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, David Grange. 

David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you, and good morning. As the new Chief Executive Officer of PPD, it is my pleasure to review the company's 
financial results for the second quarter of 2009. While net revenue growth remained challenged in the second quarter 
and was down slightly sequentially, we delivered solid margins and diluted earnings per share of $0.49 for the quarter, 
which includes the gain from the divestiture of Piedmont Research Center. 

New authorizations for the second quarter were 465.9 million. We're not satisfied with the level of new business wins 
during the quarter and I, along with all of PPD's senior leadership, including Business Development and Operations, 
have bolstered our efforts to ensure that proper focus is aimed at improving sales execution for the remainder of the 
year. 

Cancellations and adjustments were 179.3 million for the quarter, which included 33.6 million of positive foreign 
exchange adjustments, leaving backlog at 3.2 billion, with an average duration of 37 months. Oncology and infectious 
diseases were the therapeutic area that experienced the largest amount of cancellations and adjustments during the 
second quarter. We have reevaluated these areas and have taken additional actions targeting best-in-class quality and 
performance. 

Our balance sheet remains strong, with 669 million in cash and investments and no long-term debt. During the second 
quarter, we increased our annual dividend rate 20% to $0.60 per year and we remain very well positioned and flexible 
to take advantage of future growth opportunities. 

As we have disclosed in recent quarters, business in our North America unit has been soft. Over the past several 
quarters we have taken actions to reinvigorate growth in this region, and also to cut expenses and drive efficiencies. We 
have made some progress on this front, but the softness in North America continued through the second quarter. As a 
result, we reduced our North America staff by approximately 270 persons in order to match our resources with the 
demand for services in this region. Additional actions have been taken to shore up North American business. We have 
an extremely talented global workforce, and there are no plans for additional reductions in force. 

Throughout PPD's 24-year history, it has been a dynamic organization, changing and growing to meet the needs of its 
customers and maximize value for its partners and shareholders. Working closely with Dr. Eshelman and the senior 
management team, I plan to continue to build on the company's solid foundation, the legacy that he and all of the 
employees of PPD have built over two decades, and restore growth in our business. 

Going forward, we will continue to strengthen our core competencies globally, look for opportunities to expand our 
reach and depth; and pursue collaborative strategic relationships, while applying science and technology to enhance our 
service offerings. 

We will also continue to efficiently align our resources in ways to best address the market and our effectiveness in 
serving our clients, partners, and shareholders. Efforts have been taken to increase the return on investment for our 
facilities worldwide. All of our initiatives are directed toward positioning PPD to take advantage of the current and 
foreseeable market conditions. I remain very optimistic about the long-term prospects for PPD, as well as for the CRO 
industry, and I am confident in our ability to execute. 

Our CFO, Dan Darazsdi, will provide more detail on the second quarter numbers followed by comments from our 
COO, Bill Sharbaugh, and then our Executive Chairman, Dr. Eshelman. Dan? 

Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 

Thank you, Dave, and good morning. Net revenue for the second quarter of '09 was 330.9 million compared to 371.0 
million in the second quarter of '08 and 341.0 million in the first quarter of '09. Backlog remained at 3.2 billion at 
quarter-end and breaks down by client type as follows: 65% pharmaceutical, 26% biotechnology, 5% government and 
4% other. 

Our second quarter '09 Development segment revenue of 330.2 million was down about 1.5% compared to the first 
quarter of '09 and breaks down by service area as follows: 79% from Phase II through IV, 17% from labs and 4% from 


Phase I. Development segment gross margin for the second quarter of '09 was 52.5% and compares favorably to our 
target of 50%.Cost control and productivity initiatives enabled us to maintain our solid margins, while operating in a 
slow revenue growth environment. Our gross margin rate benefited from a foreign incentive program contributing an 
additional 1.4 percentage points in the second quarter of '09. 

We maintained tight cost control of overhead during the quarter, but had a slightly higher than normal bad debt expense 
and a write-down on a building in the U.K., which we do not expect will repeat going forward. 

Development segment income from operations for the second quarter of '09 was 63.4 million, or 19.2% of revenue, 
which was slightly lower than our target rate of 20%. Sequentially, foreign exchange had a nominal impact on revenue 
and operating income in the second quarter of '09. 

For the quarter ended June 30, '09, capital expenditures were 9.2 million. Capital expenditures included computer 
software and hardware of 4.6 million, 3.3 million for leasehold improvements and fit-out, and 1.3 million for scientific 
equipment for our laboratory units. 

For the second quarter of '09, net cash provided by operating activities was 14.5 million and free cash flow was 5.3 
million. Cash flow was negatively impacted in the second quarter of '09 by a decrease in operating liabilities and a 
modest increase in AR. This is due to the timing of payments, and we continue to project net cash provided by 
operating activities of approximately 200 million for 2009. We increased our very strong cash and investments balance 
to 669.2 million at quarter-end. 

We continued to deliver solid days' sales outstanding finishing the quarter at 32 days compared to 42 days at December 
31, '08. Total gross revenues, which include all out-of-pocket expenses and pass through costs, were 452.3 million for 
the three months ended June 30, '09. Unbilled services totaled 162.0 million for June 30, '09, and remained relatively 
the same as a percentage of total receivables at 38.3%, as compared to 38.5% at December 31, '08. With 91.1% of our 
total accounts receivable as of June 30, '09, aged less than 90 days, our collection efficiency remains solid. 

Other income in the second quarter of '09 was 1.1 million compared to 2.6 million in the second quarter of '08, and 
negative 0.2 million in 1Q '09. The major driver for the year-over-year change was lower yields on our cash and 
investment balances. 

Our tax rate from continuing operations for the second quarter of '09 was 29% compared to 35.7% for the second 
quarter of '08 and 31.9% for the first quarter of '09. The decrease in tax rate was primarily due to the impact of 
non-taxable foreign credits included in the annual effective calculation. We're expecting our tax rate for the full year '09 
to be at, or slightly below, the low end of our previously disclosed tax rate guidance range for the year. 

That concludes my remarks at this time. Our COO will now provide his comments. Bill? 

William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Dan. This recession is impacting the biopharmaceutical industry far greater than any previous downturn. 
The impending legislative and healthcare policy changes by the new Administration will place further pressure on 
pharma, and pharma R&D spending is flat or shrinking and will likely remain so into 2010. That means CRO growth is 
predicated on further outsourcing penetration or taking market share from competitors. There will be winners and 
losers in the CRO sector and those companies who have the resources to make prudent investments, have the creativity 
to offer their customers innovative solutions, and the ability to execute will survive and prosper. 

Q2 '09 was difficult, no doubt about it. The number of RFPs and value of RFPs were down in 2Q '09 compared to 1Q 
'09, and down compared to the average of 2008. However, we're still seeing RFPs for large global studies; mid-sized 
and large companies are interested in outsourcing more aggressively and our hit rate is stable. Margins are holding up, 
G&A costs are declining, partnership discussions are ongoing, and growth in emerging markets is continuing. 

Development Services' gross and operating margins continued to be strong during the second quarter. Similar to last 
quarter, our top client accounted for 8% of year-to-date revenue and the top 25 accounted for 72% of year-to-date 


revenue. Our global Development revenue profile is at 61% North America versus 39% rest of world. However, our 
global Phase II through IV backlog is 57% rest of world and 43% North America, which suggests the growing 
importance of a global footprint and capability. PPD head count was 10,363 at quarter-end. 

We continue to make improvements to our cost structure, balance capacity against utilization, and pursue investments 
that position us for growth as market conditions improve. We see the late phase market gaining momentum due to the 
probable creation of a comparative effectiveness body in the U.S. and we believe the Asia-Pacific region is becoming 
more important to the R&D strategy of pharma. 

Now to the Phase I clinic and labs. In Q2 '09, Phase I clinic net revenue increased 28% and new authorizations were 
slightly below target, but still respectable. The GMP lab performed well again. Compared to Q1 '09, net revenue 
increased 3%, but new authorizations were below target. However, we added 19 new clients and secured one new FTE 
contract with a large pharma client. We're underway refurbishing GMP labs at the facility we acquired from Merck to 
accommodate pharma clients located in the Northeast. Our GMP lab expansion plans in Ireland remain on track for a 
Q4 '09 opening, and we have made several key hires. 

Our vaccine lab performed better than expected and is operating as an integrated business unit of PPD. We won three 
new awards from three different vaccine manufacturers and are expecting more in the latter half of 2009. 

The bioanalytical lab turned in net revenue increase of 7%. We added five new clients, but saw higher cancellations 
than usual. Our biomarker lab won a $3.5 million award from the NCI and we're aggressively pursuing government 
work for this unit. Central lab revenue and new authorizations were weaker than expected and largely a result of a soft 
market. Our central lab expansion plans in Singapore remain on track for a Q3 opening, and we have made several key 
hires. 

That concludes my comments on the Development segment and I'll turn it over to our Executive Chairman, Fred 
Eshelman. 

Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman 

Thanks, Bill. As you have heard from Dave, Dan, and Bill, the market, as measured by our RFP volume, remains soft. 
As a result, new authorizations were below target, despite stable hit rates, and net revenue growth overall is not where 
we want it. 

There are nay-sayers and boo-birds out there, including Chicken Little, piling on and telling us that the sky is falling. 
We choose to look at our business world differently as follows. Our margins remain at target levels despite the 
slowdown. EPS for Q2 '09, excluding the gain on PRC, beat consensus. Our balance sheet remains at the top of our 
industry, giving us flexibility and staying power. 

Pharma and biotech R&D must and will go on, and we believe that the percent outsourced will increase. Credit markets 
are loosening. We're involved in discussions with half a dozen Big Pharma, medium pharma, and biotech clients 
regarding preferred provider relationships. We expect these to mature in Q3 and Q4 of '09. Specifically, we have 
already identified almost $700 million in Phase II through IV prospects for Q4. 

We continue to improve internal procedures, processes, software, and people to once again become the gold standard of 
our industry. Last but not least, we have a great senior management team and I am betting on them to deliver. When it's 
easy, anyone can do it. When it's challenging, good leadership prevails. 

Operator, we're now ready for questions and comments. 

Q&A 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky from Goldman Sachs & Co. Your 
line is now open. 

<Q - Robert Jones>: Thanks for the question. This is actually Bob Jones on for Randall this morning. I was just 
wondering if you guys were prepared to provide any update on guidance at this point? And then Fred, you talked about 
the margins and obviously the 50/20 target range seems like it's still in your sights, so I was wondering if you could talk 
about how achievable you think that target is in this environment as we move forward from here? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, no guidance will be put out on adjusting anything right now, 
but I think Fred should answer the 50/20. I don't know how I feel about it, but you specifically asked Fred. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Yeah, I would echo Dave's comments that we have no 
comment on guidance at this point in time. As for the margins, we continue to believe that they are achievable, 
relatively stable as evidenced by this quarter in a tough environment. As you know we've said in the past that until and 
if we see that there's some change to that, we expect to continue to hit that range of margins, and we have certainly 
taken a lot of operational steps over the last two quarters to be sure that we can continue to do that in Q3 and Q4, even 
if the market remains challenged. 

<Q - Robert Jones>: Just one follow-up then. If we look at – obviously the balance sheet still remains extremely 
healthy – specifically the cash position, could you share with us some of your thoughts on how we should think about 
the use of cash going forward, maybe just comparing and contrasting maybe further investment in compound 
partnering versus potential share buyback? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: I'll address part of that and let Dave Grange talk about 
the operational use of the cash. As far as compound partnering, we're seeing more and better opportunities than we ever 
have before as the environment for our clients change, and so if we turn up stuff that's very high quality, we would 
expect to execute on that. At the moment, although we have additional authorization for buying back shares, we have 
no plans to become active there at this moment. So Dave, you might want to comment on other potential uses of cash. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, Fred. Bob, we're evaluating several possibilities. I really can't 
share those on this call, but they're very promising. They position PPD even better than it's positioned right now 
globally, but I'm very excited about the possibilities if they come to fruition, if they benefit us is the way that we feel 
that they will. So we have the flexibility to go forward, if we so decide, on the risk-benefit decision and there's 
numerous possibilities. 

<Q - Robert Jones>: Thanks for the questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ross Muken from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Good morning. Can you talk a bit about what you saw, both in the oncology and the infectious 
disease part of the Phase III business? I think you said to a degree that's where some of the weakness was. That's been 
an area of significant focus across biopharma, so a little bit more color on why you think those trends were as they were 
and how that compares in terms of a magnitude basis to what you saw in the rest of the business? 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: This is Bill. I'll go ahead and answer your question. Our 
largest cancellation was an infectious disease contract and we gave you the dollarized figure of that, but as you can 
imagine, being our two biggest therapeutic areas, the correlation of cancellations would naturally match that. Oncology, 
as you know, I think there's more compounds in development in oncology than any other therapeutic area right now 
across the biopharmaceutical industry. So that shouldn't be surprising that that's where we saw a lot of activity as a 
company. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: And in terms of what you noted on prospects for the remainder of the year, you threw out a $700 
million number, I think, relative to Q4. How does this compare to what you've seen in the last several quarters, because 


obviously RFP flow has been challenging and certainly down, but as we roll forward, was there any inclination as we 
exited Q2 into Q3 that there was some relative stabilization? That's what we've heard from some of your peers, so we 
wanted to just see if that's what you were trying to signal with the dollar figures that are potentially available in the 
back half. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Let me just make – Dave here. I'll make one quick comment and 
Bill will follow up. What we're looking at is not only RFPs that we're aware of, but we're looking at RFPs throughout 
the whole market. And so I think that in fact there's more potential. We're going to aggressively take that on. And so I 
don't think it's an unrealistic number, but I'll let Bill go into more specificity. 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. I agree with Dave and certainly with Fred, the 
numbers they put out. Right now we have in-house, as Fred mentioned, more than $700 million of concrete-solid RFPs 
and opportunities. That will naturally grow as the quarter progresses; it always does and it's not uncommon for us to put 
out well over $1 billion worth of bids each quarter. 

So as I mentioned, we're seeing large global studies come forward. That hasn't stopped. We're seeing, believe it or not 
still, a variety of biotech opportunities for those companies that are well funded coming forward and we expect, as was 
mentioned, Big Pharma to continue to spend dollars in R&D, and we'll see when the dam breaks loose, and as Fred 
mentioned, we see that being in the latter half of the year and into 2010 some time. It's difficult to predict, but we're 
confident it will happen. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Yeah. Let me comment on that a little bit as well, since I 
threw the number out. It is a little bit unusual for us to see that level of potential business a full quarter ahead, that 
being Q4. I was not looking through Q3 because, of course, our opportunities for Q3 continue to build as well. I was 
just trying to give a signal that directionally it looks as if – knock wood – there may be some inflection points late in 
the year as the rest of the guys are signaling. And we also want to point out, again, that we're in a number of 
discussions where there would be preferred providerships and in many cases, it would be limited two providers. So I 
think there's a lot of potential upside should we prevail in those as well. 

So again, I think we now are beginning to see some specific numbers and some specific activity, which leads us to 
believe, hopefully, we've hit the bottom. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: And just – and maybe because I'm new here, I'm not as familiar, so just getting back to the 
original question relative to the guidance, so it seems like obviously conditions in the quarter were challenging. There's 
obviously been some actions taken to improve that and then, in turn, the outward commentary sounds at least slightly 
incrementally more positive, so just help me think about the decision not to update guidance. Is that just a reflection of 
conditions don't allow for it? Is that something where you're looking at the past guidance and saying we will further 
update it at some point? I'm just trying to get a sense for the decision not to comment on that. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Our policy, as you well know, is that we don't comment 
on guidance once we give it, unless we can see that there's going to be a material change in either direction, that being 
up or down. We don't see that at this point, so we're not commenting. 

<Q - Ross Muken>: Okay. That's very helpful. I appreciate the thoughts. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Greg Bolan from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Thanks for taking the questions. General Grange, from the last conference call, I remember you 
mentioning that you would be actively reaching out to clients. From those meetings, I realize you've started to probably 
formulate a near-term plan to reinvigorate the top line growth for the company. So I was hoping you could share some 
deeper thoughts and ideas, perhaps around how to regain market share, offer new services, or expand internationally. 
So if you could just touch on that a little bit more, that'd be great. 


<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. I've already actually had several sessions with some of our 
key clients and more to come. I would say, I'm new here too, three weeks, but working with a very solid staff right 
here. It's determined that we were not probably as aggressive as, last quarter, as we could have been with some of the 
accounts we have in the current CRO market. How we packaged our services, how we looked at our competition 
closing the gap on our historical success that we've experienced over many years. 

We may have not been aggressive as we should have been, but we have refocused our efforts, I can assure you about 
that, on several opportunities going forward into Q3 and Q4. We've packaged our client offerings a little bit differently; 
we're still working on that. I think they'll be more robust, more appealing. We've added resources to our Business 
Development. We have tightened up leadership responsibilities. 

We've synchronized the entire PPD effort for short-term wins, and if you look at the short-term wins that we're looking 
at achieving, and you tie that against the long-term strategic positioning, that continues to remain strong for PPD that's 
being set up to shape 2010 and beyond. If you combine the short-term wins that we're going after and our long-term 
positioning, I feel very comfortable and confident about PPD. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: That's helpful. And then, Fred, in terms of the 700 million in prospects that you see potentially in 
the fourth quarter, in your mind, does that imply that there would be some type of use of cash to put skin in the game in 
order to win some of those opportunities? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: No. These are just run of the mill opportunities. I'm not 
struck that there's anything unusual about them. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Okay. Okay. And then I apologize if you already had commented on this, but can you provide 
some greater color around the cancellations? I know you mentioned, obviously, some weakness in oncology and 
infectious disease, but were the cancellations – above and beyond that, were the cancellations also centered around a 
specific type of customer like Big Pharma or biotech? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: This is Dan, just a little bit 
of color. Cancellations for the quarter were about 6.7% of backlog, which is obviously higher than we want. And when 
we look at the details around that, there's only one really large cancellation that was around 33 million with a biotech 
client. After that, the cancellations were all under 7 or $8 million, pretty much focused where you would expect, 
oncology being the single biggest, infectious disease next, but in general it was just more broad. What we've 
determined is there's just an ongoing reprioritization of the pipeline and some down scoping on projects by clients as 
they continue to look for abilities to improve their pipeline delivery and their individual productivity. So those are the 
key themes as we look through the details. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Sure, okay. And then, Dan, just a quick modeling question. Is 2Q R&D a good number to use as a 
run rate for the remainder of 2009? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Q2 is a pretty good number 
from a run rate viewpoint. It's really being more impacted by the making the R&D burn rate going forward for the 
balance of the year. So it's a pretty good number. We probably got just a slight uptick sequentially on the quarter, but 
it's more in line. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Okay. Great, thanks. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Okay. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies & Co. Your line is 
now open. 


<Q - David Windley>: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. On the call I think you talked about RFP flows being below 
expectations, but hit rate being pretty stable. You've also talked about fixing the sales force. I wanted to understand 
what about the sales force structure or approach is not working and not bringing in the RFP opportunities, or why do 
you think they're not seeing the – an adequate amount of RFP opportunities in order to hit your targets on bookings? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Dave here. My feeling is not that it's just the Business 
Development section of our company. Business Development is everybody's responsibility, to include myself and all 
the leaders of PPD, and I think that we just need to come together as a total team to take on this challenge in this 
particular market today. 

We're evaluating ourselves against the RFPs that we know about, that we bump into, come our way or from certain 
relationships. We want to penetrate the market in more depth. There's more RFPs out there that we're not aware of 
through information or just because it's maybe an entitlement of certain companies. We're going to go after other 
market RFPs to increase that opportunity. So as we mobilize all of PPD, with BD in mind, I think the potential is 
greater than as we have experienced. 

<Q - David Windley>: And Dave, on those additional opportunities, are those – there are clients in the marketplace 
that have different pricing structures, and part of my assumption in the past has been that certain clients PPD probably 
didn't work with because they were more functionally oriented, more price sensitive, things like that where it was 
business that PPD might have chosen not to pursue because of the potential profit on the business was not attractive 
enough. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. There's preferred customers, obviously, there's strategic 
partnerships, all that's out there. There is also a lot of internalization of projects. So things are not just canceled because 
of budgets, which is quite often the case, but also because of internalization of the task. But we have been evaluating 
that. 

So I – as we go out there, we're going to look at how we package our offerings, our portfolio, depending on what it may 
be – lab work or Phase II to IV, or I – whatever the case may be. So we just have to be more aware of the environment, 
the opportunities, and if the opportunities are not there, we may have to shape it for a benefit for PPD and we're going 
about figuring out how to do that. 

<Q - David Windley>: Is the internalization in projects, that's somewhat counter to the general, say the predominant, 
commentary we're hearing out of most management teams about more outsourcing. In the cases where you're seeing 
internalization of projects, are those situations related to the mergers that are pending closure, where those companies 
may feel like there's either a desire to protect someone's job or excess capacity, potentially, that could be absorbed in 
the short to intermediate term internally? That internalization is not something we hear much lately. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: No, I'm not saying it's prevalent. I'm just saying that sometimes 
that is the case and I think depends on the business plan of that particular organization. Do they have, depending on the 
utilization rate, what their budgetary situation is, I'm just saying that we've experienced a myriad of reasons why 
business may not have happened in relation to some of these companies. So some are outsourcing, some are 
internalizing, it's a mix. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. In terms of maintaining the margin structure, one of the aspects – and one of my peers 
has brought this up from a prior conference calls – that we've seen with PPD's performance in the last couple of years is 
that revenue has been a little sluggish, not quite lived up to at least the market's expectations, I won't speak to 
company's internal expectations. But the margins have performed in a way that has allowed the company to deliver 
earnings closer to those expectations. And I'm concerned over the next year to two years that that persistent ratcheting 
down of costs is starving the company of some reinvestment that it may need in order to position itself more 
competitively, as you are looking at the sales needs and opportunities. And I was hoping you could provide me with 
some perspective on that, in terms of what costs you're able to take out without creating some sacrifice of the 
company's health, I'll call it. 


<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Yeah. This is Dan. Let me 
just touch on that because from our perspective we need to do both, we need to ensure that we've got a very financially 
focused organization delivering strong margins and driving productivity. At the same time, we're balancing to ensure 
that we've got a strong competitive position which is matching up a preferred value proposition for our clients and 
making sure that we're pricing it competitively. And we're constantly relooking at that. Fortunately, we've got the 
financial wherewithal to be able to take the actions we think are appropriate and it's just a constant balancing of the 
equation. 

We're looking at it now, the market has been changing to the course of last three, six, nine months and we will address 
it as we see appropriate; but we've got the flexibility to do it and we've talked about that in the past. So I'd say we have 
to run things from a full-on basis, which is going to be driving efficiency, productivity, delivering better service, better 
operational excellence, making sure the clients see the value proposition, and then making sure that we're pricing it in a 
competitive way and ensure that we're going to be able to grow the company going forward. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. Great, Thank you for the answers. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Kreger from William Blair & Company. Your line is now open. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Hi, thanks very much. Just a follow-up on Dave's question. As you guys look across your 
company and talk about a desire to get better execution, from your perspective is the issue more on the new business 
front and the sales front, or more in terms of operations and quality as clients perceive it? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, it's a combination, and there's been some comments on 
pricing, there's been some comments on our availability to even bid for RFPs, whatever the case may be. This is a very 
diverse organization. The components of PPD provide us tremendous flexibility. Have we always had all the 
components involved in a particular challenge? Maybe not. I think we can do better there. And so as we look and 
bringing together Operations and Business Development, as an example, more tightly, let's say, and working more in a 
synchronized manner, I really think the potential is tremendous. 

Now, it's hard to talk about some things like intangibles when you look at the different reports and what our profit 
margin is, our gross margins, our cancellation rates, whatever. But the intangible power of PPD is phenomenal, 
especially with the experience and the staff that we have. So as we bring those things together, looking at different 
opportunities in the market, I don't see how we cannot grow, as long as we continue to lead it properly and take 
advantage, again, of that diversified – diversity of this organization. So I'm very positive about it. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Let me just make a little bit of a follow-on comment 
there. I don't think there's any question that PPD and possibly others in our space got a little bit too fat during the good 
times. I think we got too layered, even though you know how badly we hate that at PPD, but to your comment, John, 
the machine doesn't run unless we have business coming in the door; there's no question about that. And no matter what 
kind of engineering we do in the back room, it only just goes so far. 

Having said that, I believe that the engineering that we have done has positioned us extremely well for the future, and 
in fact, if this stuff comes to fruition that we think we have a glimpse of, we believe that we have a new structure upon 
which to overlay this, and the outlook for margins, given that assumption, should be very good as well as the growth. 
The steps we have taken, these have by and large not involved cutting muscle. And let's all be knowledgeable here, that 
PPD still has the muscle, the desire and the capability to execute when and if that business does come in the door. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks very much. That's helpful. Fred, just a follow-up question: what's your perception 
of competitive pricing and this point, getting better or getting worse these days? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Well, I'd have to defer to Bill, Dan and Dave and so 
forth, but my impression is that pricing is competitive, but it's not crazy. Occasionally, we'll have a competitor go off 


the reservation, but generally speaking, that is not endemic, and I believe that the market will continue to adjust, and in 
particular, as we go forward, while we can all talk about cost efficiencies, and new ways of doing R&D and all the rest 
of that stuff, I believe going-forward in the future, performance and timeliness and quality and all the rest of that are 
going to be really at the top of the discussion with all of our clients, because we have all got to do this better. And if 
that's the case, that will moderate to some extent, the pricing pressure. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Tsao from Barclays Capital. Your line is 
now open. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: Hi, good morning. Fred, I was hoping you could perhaps provide a little more color about the new 
structure that you've layered into PPD, and exactly the changes that you've made over the last six to nine months. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: If I might, let me defer that to Dave and Bill. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: Oh, that would be fine. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. There's really not additional structure layered in regard to 
recent changes. The position of Executive Chairman is there now with Fred Eshelman. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: I don't mean any positions being layered or anything, or just – you've referred to changes in the 
operations of the business to better capitalize on opportunities, and I was hoping we could get a little bit more color 
about some of those – the types of actions that have been taken. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. I understand, okay. One is, for instance, the vaccine lab that 
we acquired is a good example in Wayne, Pennsylvania. I was up there the other day, and that is a very profitable 
acquisition. It has tremendous room for growth. It has excess capacity that we're going to take advantage of to get 
return on investment. That's a piece on a bio-A [bioanalytical] lab that's going to help us significantly, I believe, that 
ties into some of the other business. There's several other acquisitions that we have acquired. As you know, about 
InnoPharm in overseas and AbCRO, overseas in the Balkans, and places like that globally. They all add to the business, 
so the global reach, we have taken advantage of that. Bill, any other...? 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. As Dave mentions, there's several external 
acquisitions we've made to strengthen our service offering, and as you mentioned previously, we're looking at more. 
Internally, there's a lot of good work that has been done, and more work continuing has been mentioned, to better 
integrate the capabilities, knowledge, expertise and team cohesiveness at PPD, ultimately to provide the best service we 
can to our clients. So lots of things going on within Operations, within Finance, and within BD, where we're 
triangulating the power of those organizations to be more competitive. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Yeah. Doug, let me chime in here a little bit. In fairness 
to Dave, some of this took place before he assumed his position. One of the things that we have spent some 
considerable time on, and we continue to spend time on, is improvement in our systems. We had some things that did 
not work very well. We also had a number of disparate systems holding various pieces of information, and they didn't 
talk to each other, and we were actually, unless we did it with a pencil, incapable of putting together some things that 
really would be on the point of the spear, as Dave has indicated, in having the information at our fingertips to move in 
the areas where we should move, and to do better presentations to clients and so forth. 

We have also done some delayering internally; in other words we've cut out so doggone many people in the chain of 
command as we go up, which we think not only adds to efficiencies, but it also takes the spin out of information on its 
way to the surface. So while I concur with what Bill and Dave have said, we have done a lot of very intricate things 
internally to get ourselves to the point where we're actually acting on a more knowledgeable basis. 


<Q - Doug Tsao>: Okay. And then looking to it in a separate – going in a separate direction, with the first quarter 
results, you spoke about a significant rescheduling of the backlog or certain – and I was just wondering if some of the 
cancellations that you saw this quarter came from those studies that where rescheduled? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: This is Dan; I'll just touch 
on that. The things that we really saw from our rescheduling of the backlog in the first quarter were effective in that 
quarter. The second quarter was, I would say, a bit of a continuation of the reprioritization of some of the client 
pipelines, and that – as soon as we know of a cancellation, we take it in the current quarter. So I'd say those things were 
second quarter-specific, and like I said, it was fairly broad-based, not in any single therapeutic area and not anything 
that was really particularly large. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: And then just not to go back to the first quarter, but in terms of this rescheduling, am I interpreting 
it right that certain studies in the first quarter were rescheduled to be – have worked on later in this year, or down the 
road? And my question is, do you think that in some ways that the rescheduling and the new timing of certain 
commitments in terms of clinical trial execution perhaps took away from new business opportunities for some of those 
clients in the second quarter. I'm not – hopefully I'm making myself clear; if I'm not, I can perhaps try again. 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: This is Bill. I'll take a stab at that. First of all, you can be 
performing quite well on a study and a client decides not to take that study into a long-term extension. That might be a 
very concrete example for you. As was mentioned previously, they may descope their project to some degree and go 
after the indication and the primary endpoints with a smaller patient population, a different study design, and that leads 
to a descoping. In some cases, they may decide not to pursue an additional, what they perceive higher risk, indication 
with an already marketed compound, so there's just a whole myriad of examples here that relate to the comments that 
we're making. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Yeah. Let me jump in here and approach this a little bit 
differently, and maybe I misunderstood the question. My interpretation of the question was things that were being 
delayed in Q1 or Q4, or wherever, which were certainly several hundred million dollars' worth of business, I think your 
question was really, would we expect some of those to now come back online in Q3 and Q4, and perhaps give us a 
revenue opportunity. So if that's your question, then maybe Dan could comment on that. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Yeah. I think that's an 
appropriate way to look at it. If things are just on hold, then they will start to generate revenue, just at a little bit 
different timeline. And we have seen some pause in a number of contracts as plans were reprioritizing. So yes, that 
would help in the future, and then of course, there are in the second quarter some additional contracts, I'm sure, which 
were put on pause as part of the reevaluation. But the stuff in the fourth quarter and first quarter, which were somewhat 
delayed, we would expect them to start up. The only way they wouldn't start up is if they were running through the 
cancellations. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: Okay. Great. and my question was, did you get a sense, perhaps from some clients who perhaps 
delayed work in the first quarter, in the fourth quarter, to have work done in the second half of the year? Did that 
perhaps lower the RFPs that they were putting out in the second quarter because they had already made their clinical 
trial start commitment. They'd already made their clinical trial start commitments? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: I don't think we had any 
indication of that from my view. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: I agree, yes. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: Okay, great. Thank you, for taking the questions. 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Eric Coldwell from Robert W. Baird & Company. 
Your line is now open. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Thanks. Looking at the Discovery line, the 768,000, could you break out for us the Priligy 
royalties compared to the Discovery Services revenue lines? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: No. We're not talking 
about specific royalty income coming in just from Priligy at this point. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Do you plan to do so? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Not at this point. We'll 
have to have some discussion going forward, once that starts to ramp up, and yeah, once we have an internal 
discussion, we'll decide what's appropriate. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Yeah. I think also we obviously need to be careful with 
our partner on that, because that reflects back on their sales and so forth. But certainly, as we would expect the Priligy 
royalties to become material in the future, we absolutely will give you some visibility on that. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: On the Biomat and Biomarker, $3.5 million contract when – within CI, can you give us the 
duration and when that kicks in? 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: I think we'll have to get back to you. I don't have that level of 
detail right here, but we'll follow up and Luke can get back to you with some details. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: On FX, I think you said that sequentially there was no material impact, but I'm hoping you could 
just reconfirm for us the revenue impact and EBIT impact on a year-to-year basis. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Yeah, on a year-over-year 
basis, we did have, as you would expect, because on a year-over-year basis the strengthening dollar, that helped the 
operating income somewhere around 8 million. It had a, obviously, a revenue headwind of about 8 to 9 million. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Revenue of 8 to 9? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Yes. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: And I know I've tried on this question in the past, but just curious if you could give us the impact 
of M&A in the quarter? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: The only impact from an 
M&A viewpoint I'd touch on is both the InnoPharm and AbCRO acquisitions are contributing modestly on an earnings 
viewpoint at this point. We're just starting up, especially AbCRO; not a lot of revenue because we were doing quite a 
bit of work on a subcontract basis. On the vaccine new business, we're looking at around 8 million of positive benefit 
for the quarter. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Great. Thanks. And 37-month backlog duration I think may be the biggest number we've ever 
heard of, certainly a big jump from recent trends in the 30- to 36-month area. I'm curious: is this a function of 
cancellations pulling out short-term revenue and therefore, your overall mix shifts further to the right on the bell curve, 
or are you actually seeing larger, longer-term contracts in your new wins that are skewing that number to the right? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Yeah, we think it's more of 
a shift, and I think that's a good characterization, as opposed to just elongated new wins. So I would say it's more of a 
shift; some of the cancellations are just retiming the backlog duration. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Okay. Final question, backlog, you've been – I think you've rounded here to the nearest 100 
million with the 3.2 billion report. Could you give us the specific number? 


<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: I think it's quite close to 
3.2, I think the number I'm looking at – we'll double-check that quick, but like 3.19. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: 3.19? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Yeah, that was a pretty 
clean round. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Good. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: All right. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from the line of David Windley from Jefferies & Company. Your line is now open. 

<Q - David Windley>: All right, thanks for taking the follow-ups. Dan, on cash flow from ops, you may have 
addressed this and I just missed it, but DSOs didn't appear to have changed too much sequentially. I was wondering 
what other factor in the quarter dampened the cash flow from ops below the net income, excuse me, net income? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: All right. That's a great 
question. We had a little bit higher accounts payable activity in the quarter, and that's due to some systems that were 
going to be affecting, so we had to put out some additional payments as we closed out the quarter just to ensure 
appropriate supplier payments. Even though the DSOs held quite well, we had just a little bit of an uptick with one or 
two key clients, which we – it's just a collection timing question, so that's why I made in my prepared comments that 
we don't expect any of the working capital negative influence from the second quarter to carry over into the third, and I 
would actually expect us to be able to recover some ground as we go into the third quarter, based on our normal, 
super-diligent working capital management. 

<Q - David Windley>: Right. Okay. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Yeah, Dan. If I remember correctly, some of the uptick 
in the payables was due to the fact that we were taking advantage of some one-time pricing opportunities on some of 
the system stuff. Is that correct? 

<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Yeah. We had in this 
market – mostly as it pertains to labs, any time that we can get preferential pricing, we're certainly going to be taking 
that advantage. 

<Q - David Windley>: On your – I was wondering in regard to the vaccine lab that's been mentioned earlier in the call, 
along with that there was expansion of the central lab relationship with that sponsor. Is that delivering new business? 
Are you seeing the flow that you expected to see from that, or is that something that has a little bit of lag time to it 
before you see that hitting the backlog? 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: Well, that business, that central lab business, is flowing and 
we're working closely with that client to determine which particular contracts come forward, but it's certainly flowing, 
so there's an element of, as we mentioned, immunogenicity testing that we've taken over for that client, and then there's 
an element of guaranteed flow of central lab business, so it's a combination. 

<Q - David Windley>: So the new business that you're reporting does include a fair amount – I don't know what a fair 
amount would be – but does include wins related to both, I think you call it immunogenicity and central lab 


<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: Yes, it includes both. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: Yeah. 


<Q - David Windley>: And then on the cancellation side of things, what percentage, roughly, or how would it break 
down between studies that are awarded to PPD and then, by virtue of, say, prior study data, interaction with the FDA, 
whatever it might be, that precipitates a cancellation before the study even really ramps up for you, versus cancellations 
that happen midstream – happen after work has been commenced and teams are assigned, and so forth? 

<A - William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer>: Dave, I don't have that kind of breakout, but I can tell you 
that these cancellations and adjustments are not related to the execution or performance of PPD. They're related, as we 
mentioned, to the descoping of a project, or perhaps a decision not to go forward with a particular compound. So we're 
doing a great job for our clients .The issue here is them reprioritizing their portfolios and making decisions on which 
compounds move forward. 

<Q - David Windley>: Right. My interest there is a curiosity about whether the company has retested the parameters 
that are required to record something as backlog. The company's backlog – or excuse me, contract cancellation rate – 
has been persistently high: you've had over $200 million of cancellations for four quarters in a row, and it suggests that 
perhaps there is business in backlog that, on final review, might be a little stale, might be indefinitely delayed and so 
probably, again, under a white-hot spotlight, not qualified to be included as backlog. And I'm just wondering if 
management – and Dave, maybe you could comment to that, whether you've had an opportunity – I know it's only a 
few weeks, but an opportunity to test the backlog and if any of the cancellations are a result of pulling things out that 
you're taking a conservative approach to? 

<A - David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Dan is going to do the specificity on that question, but we 
review all the top clients and work in the future, what we're doing right now. We've gone into depth last week. Dan, 
you had a 


<A - Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary>: Yeah, there's no change in 
the way we've been evaluating the backlog. The process, procedure and methodology has been consistent and the 
reporting is just a reflection of the cancellations in the quarter. 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Yeah, just to review this historically, as you know, I 
think the key point on the backlog is always what have we got in the revenue forecast, so that we are looking at it very 
hard all the time, to be sure that we're not fooling ourselves. That's number one. Number two, if a client tells us that 
something's cancelled, obviously it comes out right then. If there is a delay, then we do not take it out of backlog until 
the client tells us that in fact that delay is permanent, or until, as you suggest, it just starts smelling like fish and we take 
it out ourselves, irrespective of what the client says. 

So as Dan and Dave are alluding to, no change in what we've done historically. Believe me, given the extremely high 
cancellation rates over the last year, I have asked the same kind of questions to be sure that we are putting the right 
parameters around what we record as a sale. We are looking closely at our backlog all the time and so forth and so on. 
So let me just reassure you that nothing has changed. We've just been in a period of inexplicably high cancellations for 
PPD. 

<Q - David Windley>: And Fred, do you have a view as to why PPD's experience is higher than peers? 

<A - Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman>: Not really, with the possible exception of concentration 
of therapeutic areas. As Bill pointed out before, oncology is notoriously liable to go up and down because of (a), 
regulatory requirements and (b), the fact that a number of those things actually fail in Phase III, as you know, and we 
have a very high concentration in those areas. 

The other piece of that could be that in the past few years, before the slowdown, we did have quite a string of unbroken 
increases in our backlog. We had a much bigger number than some other people and perhaps it's just that effect. And 
someone, I can't remember – if it were you, I apologize – asked specifically about what the backlog number was, and I 
thought that's where the question was going in terms of have we finally broken the string of consecutive quarterly 
increases in backlog at PPD, which stretched out to 20-some quarters, as I recall. And yes, that string was broken this 
quarter. So that's about all the color I have on that. 


<Q - David Windley>: All right. Thanks, Fred. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to our presenters for any closing 
remarks. 

David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer 

Dave Grange here. Appreciate everybody participating in the call today. We realize it's a tough market. We're looking 
at it in a very hard way, internally, ourselves, what we can do to improve. It's a solid team in place. I am very pleased 
with the team that Fred has built here and being a part of this operation now as CEO, instead of, as I was before, as only 
a Director. And with the cash that we have in hand, with no debt, with the possibilities out there that we're looking into, 
with how we're going to reevaluate North America, which we believe that there's going to be some biotech recovery, 
that there will be some changes, obviously, in Big Pharma. But some are challenges, but some we can take advantage 
of. We're looking hard at government business opportunities, how we're going to go forward with our vaccine labs and 
integrating our other labs to get more effect. And there are some other opportunities out there in the business where I'd 
rather go into, but they're exciting and promising for PPD, the way we're organized. So I think that we'll see what 
happens in Q3 and 4, but I'm optimistic, even with the tough market. 

Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman 

Okay. So Dave, that wraps it up, does it? 

David L. Grange, Chief Executive Officer 

It does, sir. 

Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Executive Chairman 

Okay. Well, thank you all very much for being on the call, and good day to you all. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


