Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
• William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jon Wood 
• Randall Stanicky 
• Greg Bolan 
• David Windley 
• John Kreger 
• Sean Wieland 
• Eric Coldwell 
• Christine Dingivan 
• Doug Tsao 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Laurie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the PPD first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] It is my pleasure to turn the 
conference over to Dr. Fred Eshelman. 

Fred N. Eshelman, Pharm.D., Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you and good morning. As always, I will begin by saying that, except for historical information, all of the 
statements, expectations, and assumptions discussed in today's call are forward-looking statements that involve a 
number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. 
Information about factors that could cause actual results to vary is disclosed in the press release announcing our results 
and in the SEC filings for PPD, copies of which are available free of charge from our Investor Relations department. 

In our comments today, we will refer to selected non-GAAP financial measures. For all periods discussed today, unless 
specifically noted, net revenue, income from operations, and margins exclude reimbursed out-of-pockets, stock option 
expense under FAS 123(R), and the impairment of an intangible asset. For a quantitative reconciliation of all 
non-GAAP numbers discussed in today's call to the most comparable GAAP financial measure, please see the 
GAAP/non-GAAP reconciliation information that is posted under Presentations and Events in the Investors section of 
our website at www.ppdi.com. 

Our revised net revenue forecast excludes reimbursed out-of-pockets. Although this non-GAAP financial measure is 
not superior to or a substitute for GAAP net revenue, we exclude reimbursed out-of-pockets from our forecasted net 
revenue, because they are difficult to accurately forecast and are immaterial because they do not affect operating 
income, net income or earnings per share. We also believe this non-GAAP measure is useful to investors, because it 


more accurately reflects the net revenue that PPD will generate from its services, and because it is useful in making 
period-to-period comparisons. 

We combine the effects of the global financial situation, the political environment, and the regulatory directions have 
jarred our clients and therefore us in ways that we could not have predicted. In the past, our industry has been 
somewhat bulletproof with respect to the economy, but not this time. This morning, we will do our best to give you our 
realistic views of the current environment as well as our optimistic views for the future. 

First quarter net revenue of $341 million was lower than forecast, primarily due to a large number of project delays and 
cancellations. Restructuring and reprioritization by clients has really affected us, particularly in the Phase II through IV 
segment. Although revenue was down, we delivered EPS of $0.38, which was within our guidance range. Gross and 
operating margins were also up slightly versus Q1 '08, but down from the record levels in Q4 '08. 

We remained within our 50/20 target range for gross and operating margins respectively. New authorizations of about 
$580 million also fell short of our internal target, but are respectable given the environment. However, we were again 
plagued by exceptionally high cancellations, including one $77 million project. 

The spike in cancellations began in the second quarter of '08 and accelerated through the first quarter of '09. The total 
for four quarters was right at $750 million worth of cancellations. In one sense, the authorization pattern was actually 
encouraging, given the following. Many analysts expected the small to medium biotech and specialty companies to pull 
back due to decreased funding. We did not see that, as more than a third of the awards were from this group. Big 
Pharma was very slow by comparison. 

Total backlog now stands at 3.23 billion with an average duration of 34 months. Phase II through IV request for 
proposal dollar volume was down 7% over Q4 of '08 and far below Q1 of '08. Dollar value hit rate was also down in 
the first quarter of '09, partially due to a rogue in the market. We are also seeing a continuing pattern in RFPs, which is 
a dearth of Big Pharma opportunities. For example, our current large opportunities log contains only 12% by dollar 
value from Big Pharma and 9% from Big Biotech. Again, we see this glass as half full. In other words, when the big 
company dam breaks, we should be in good shape in terms of market growth again. 

From a balance sheet perspective, we remain very strong with $656 million in cash equivalents and long- and 
short-term investments, and virtually no long-term debt. DSO year-to-date was 31 days, operating cash flow was 67 
million. We continue to pay our dividend and remain in a position of strength to take advantage of underpriced 
opportunities, should they arise. We continue to believe that fundamentals of pharma and biotech will not change 
insofar as having their future success tied to R&D productivity. We also believe that the key is penetration. Recent 
analyst reports also appear to support this, although they and we are cautious about short-term potholes. 

So what specific actions are we taking? First, we continue to drive our costs down by cutting unnecessary expenses and 
creating more efficient structures within the organization. We will continue to evaluate performance in all job 
categories, looking to attract and retain the most productive. We have a hired and trained a number of new people in 
business development and also reorganized in ways to best address the market and clients. 

We are improving our responses to RFPs. We will proactively seek strategic deals that are financially sound. We have 
initiated changes and improvements in operations targeting consistent best in class quality and performance. While the 
delays and cancellations have resulted in excess capacity in some instances, we plan to maintain strong organizational 
capability in anticipation of a market upturn. We must plan for success, and when things pick up again, we will be 
willing and able to execute. 

Now let's talk about discovery and compound partnering. While we are very frustrated with the regulatory process 
around alogliptin, we remain convinced that this is a safe and effective drug that should make its way through the 
convoluted process. We will keep you updated as it goes along. 

Dapoxetine has been launched in Sweden and Finland, and also approved in Portugal and Austria, with more country 
level approvals and launches expected to follow. We have not forecasted any royalty income pending early sales 
figures. 


We are very excited about our dermatology acquisition and the potential for the business. As you know, we have a 
pipeline of derm compounds from Eli Lilly and Company and we are pursuing other derm agreements aggressively. 
The Lily agreements will cover up to six different target areas and these will be added to by future deals should they 
close. 

Our first compound candidate, a vitamin D receptor modulator, should have an IND filed in August of 2009. We hope 
to go directly into patients with psoriasis and atopic dermatitis yielding Phase II results in the first quarter of 2010. A 
third indication is planned to initiate in acne in the first quarter of 2010. The combination of licensing deals, the 
laboratory evaluation expertise, and PPD development capacity, along with our expert advisers, should create real value 
in the not too distant future. 

As noted in our press release, we have revised our guidance as follows. Revenue should range between 1.395 to 1.470 
billion, with EPS for the remaining quarters of $0.42 to $0.44 in Q2, $0.38 to $0.40 in Q3, and $0.36 to $0.38 in Q4 for 
our 2009 total of $1.54 to $1.60. 

It's worth noting that the revenue shortfall is a result of the following; $31 million due to Q1 cancellations, $45 million 
due to lower Q1 authorizations, 30 million due to project postponements, 25 million due to trimming the rest of the 
year authorization expectations, and 24 million due to labs and other factors. 

We've also been hammered by a huge down draft in interest income compared to 2008. We will have a penny or so less 
EPS contribution in each of Q3 and Q4, due to the PRC sale, and we will have about a $0.10 dilution from the derm 
operation, R&D for our lead dermatology compound, and a little bit on 10558. 

Q4 '08 and Q1 '09 were the only quarters in memory where current year over previous year revenue growth was not in 
double digits. So where does this leave us? The number of cancellations, new authorizations and so forth, show a direct 
correlation with the economy beginning in mid to late '08 and continuing into first quarter '09. We therefore are taking 
a conservative position with respect to our new guidance until we have new data indicative of a robust recovery. 

Despite the weak market, we kept margins within our 50/20 guidelines, and our balance sheet and cash flows are quite 
healthy. We remain believers in pharma and biotech R&D, but realize that we must adjust in many ways, which we are 
doing. 

We are focused, we are confident regarding a market that will return and confident in our ability to execute. PPD is a 
strong company and well positioned to not only survive the current economic chaos, but to thrive going forward. 

Dan and Bill will now discuss '09 results in details. Dan? 

Daniel G. Darazsdi, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 

Thank you Fred and good morning. Net revenue for the first quarter of '09 was 341.0 million compared to 363.8 million 
in 1Q '08. Comparing 1Q' 09 to 1Q' 08, revenue was down 22.8 million with 10.6 million of the declines due to foreign 
exchange headwind year-over-year and 10 million for additional discovery milestones in 1Q '08. 

Backlog increased modestly to 3.23 billion by quarter-end and breaks down by client-type as follows: 62% 
pharmaceutical, 29% biotechnology, 5% government and 4% other. 

Our 1Q '09 development segment revenue of 335.4 million was down about 1% compared to 4Q '08 and breaks down 
by service area by follows. 80% from Phase II through IV, 17% from labs and 3% from Phase I. Comparing 1Q' 09 to 
1Q' 08, development revenue was down 12.4 million, with 10.6 million of the decline due to foreign exchange 
headwind year-over-year. 

Development segment gross margin for 1Q '09 was 51.8% and compares favorably to our target of 50%. Cost control 
and productivity initiative enabled us to maintain our margin while operating in a slow revenue growth environment. 
Development income from operations for 1Q '09 was 67.4 million or 20.1% of revenue and at our target rate of 20%. 
Foreign exchange positively impacted operating income in 1Q '09. Converted at average 1Q '08 rates, operating income 


would have been 6.4 million lower. 

For the quarter ended March 31, '09, capital expenditures were 14.3 million. Capital expenditures primarily included 
computer software and hardware of 9.4 million, 2.2 million for leasehold improvements and fitout and 2.4 million for 
scientific equipment for our laboratory units. For the first quarter, net cash provided by operating activities was 67.5 
million and free cash flow was 53.1 million. This strong cash flow performance resulted in at cash and investments 
balance of 656.1 million at quarter-end. 

We continued to deliver solid improvement in day sales outstanding, finishing the quarter at 31 days compared to 42 
days at December 31, '08. Total gross revenues, which include all out-of-pocket expenses and pass-through costs were 
439 million for the three months ended March 31, '09. 

Unbilled services totaled 153.8 million at March 31, '09 with 91.5% of total accounts receivables as of March 31, '09 
aged less than 90 days, our collection efficiency remains solid. 

Other income in 1Q '09 was negative 0.2 million compared to 5.7 million in 1Q '08. A major driver for the 
year-over-year change was yield of less than 1% on our cash and investment balances. We also experienced some 
negative impact from foreign exchange translation during settling of foreign account balances. 

I'd now like to provide some additional details regarding our change to '09 guidance. We are revising our development 
revenue guidance range to 1.375 billion to 1.450 billion for the entire year. On a sequential basis, we are expecting to 
grow revenue from low-single digits in 2Q '09 to mid-single digits in 4Q '09. Even in light of the software revenue 
projections, we have maintained our 50% gross margin target and 20% operating income rate targets for the year. 

Our yield on investments are expected to remain around 1% through the balance of the year as we continue to focus on 
principal protection first and yield, second. We're expecting a tax rate of between 31 and 32% for the balance of '09. 
Based on the revised revenue expectations and other financial assumptions, we have updated our '09 development EPS 
guidance to $0.31 to $0.33 in the second quarter, $0.36 to $0.38 in the third quarter, and $0.41 to $0.43 in the fourth 
quarter, resulting in full year development guidance of $1.44 to $1.50. 

Cash flow from operations are expected to continue strong and deliver approximately 200 million of cash flow for '09. 

That concludes my remarks at this time. Our Chief Operating Officer will now provide his comments. Bill? 

William J. Sharbaugh, Chief Operating Officer 

Thank you, Dan. Despite some of the toughest market conditions we have faced in several years, such as slowing R&D 
expenditures, declining biotech funding, pharma consolidation and study cancellations, PPD remains a CRO market 
leader. 

On a positive note, we are holding margins and controlling cost and are poised for growth when R&D spending 
rebounds, which we believe it will. At this point, economic conditions favor increased outsourcing penetration for large 
CROs. In fact, PPD has added and renewed several preferred provider partnerships over the last quarter. 

Development services gross margin remains healthy at 51.8% and operating margin at 20.1% despite revenues of 335.4 
million, which was 1% lower than Q4 '08. Our top client accounted for 8% of Q1 '09 revenue and the top 25 clients 
accounted for 71% of revenue. The largest therapeutic areas by revenue were oncology, circulatory/cardiovascular, 
infectious disease, endocrine and CNS. Our global development revenue profile is stable at 62% North America versus 
38% Rest of World. 

We continue to see evidence of a shift towards emerging markets, and in Q1 '09, we had near-record authorizations for 
Asia-Pacific and Latin America. As a result, we have opened an office in Japan, strengthened our workforce in China, 
Korea, Malaysia and India, and we closed the AbCRO acquisition adding capability, backlog and geographic reach in 
Eastern Europe. 


In Latin America, we remain the largest CRO and have initiated several actions to improve productivity, quality and 
delivery. Much work has been done to integrate business development, operations and the contracting function to 
improve proposal quality resulting in more competitive bids. We believe this will increase our hit rate on large 
opportunities. Our Phase II through IV unit is making some important changes to streamline the organization and 
execute more effectively. 

We have global initiatives around safety, data management, site management, document archiving and storage, clinical 
monitoring, EDC and operating expenses. We have also made some key hires and appointments in late phase 
development. Overall, we are taking actions to ensure our operating model is lean and efficient, while maintaining 
capability in anticipation of an improving market. 

Now to the Phase I clinic and labs. In Q1 '09, the Phase I clinic got off to a slow start with several postponements and 
cancellations, which led to under utilization of beds. Therefore, revenue, new authorizations and backlog were all 
below target. However, proposals, new authorizations and backlog all rebounded late in the quarter, which bodes well 
for Q2. We are being considered for preferred provider partnership for Phase I services, which will be decided in Q2 
and it would be meaningful to future revenue. 

The GMP lab performed well. Compared to Q1 '08, net revenue increased 3%, new authorizations increased 6%, and 
backlog increased 9%. We added seven new clients and renewed two large FTE contracts. We are considering 
refurbishing stability chambers and analytical labs at our newly acquired Wayne, Pennsylvania vaccine facility to 
accommodate pharma clients from the Pennsylvania and New Jersey corridor who have expressed interest. Our GMP 
lab expansion plans in Ireland remain on track. 

Turning to the bioanalytical lab, we had a fairly solid quarter under the circumstances. Compared to Q1 '08, net 
revenue increased 5%, new authorizations increased 41% and backlog increased 6%. New authorizations for Q1 '09 
were above target and we added eight new clients. 

Central lab revenue and new authorizations were weaker than expected, but operating income came in over target. We 
added one new large pharma vaccine client in our Wayne, Pennsylvania lab and have several ongoing discussions with 
a variety of potential clients. Expansion plans for our Singapore lab are on track and the authorization outlook for Q2 is 
better. 

That concludes my comments on the development segment, and I'll turn it over to our CEO, Fred Eshelman. 

Fred N. Eshelman, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Dan and Bill. Laurie, we're now ready for questions, please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Jon Wood with Banc of America-Merrill 
Lynch. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Thanks. So Dan, the revised operating cash flow outlook, it looks like it implies a pretty massive 
deterioration in the working capital metrics for the balance of '09. Why isn't your confidence higher given the 
experience you've had with the collections over the last several quarters? 

<A - Daniel Darazsdi>: John, actually if you look at the cash flow, we are moving from about 250 down to 200. The 
expectation – change in expectations really results in two pieces, right? One is change in net income, which is the 
majority of the change. The other one is that we're looking on an ongoing basis to run DSOs in the high 30s, which is, 
against historic numbers, best it's ever been. Now we did – we were able to drive it down to 31. We're going to work 


hard to keep the DSOs as close to the low 30s as possible. But when I think about the theoretical best kind of number, 
we think somewhere between 35 and 40 is a more realistic number. Yes, that does use up some cash in the equation, 
but I'll tell you, the team is totally focused on delivering the best kind of cash we can. We just want to make sure the 
expectations are appropriate. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And then on the capital redeployment side, I mean what's your enthusiasm for the buyback at 
these valuations? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: I guess that potato got thrown in my lap. The last time we did a series of buybacks, we bought 
all the way down, thinking that it always had reached its low, and in the process we destroyed value. As you know, I 
am not a proponent of stock buybacks, never have been, never will be. That does not mean that if circumstances were 
appropriate that we wouldn't weigh in, but there are no current plans to reinitiate the buyback. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. So we should assume the excess cash is for tuck-in acquisitions and potential compound 
partnering opportunities? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: I think that's a fair comment. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And then last one, Dan, on the yield on the cash. Why is it so low? I mean, don't you have a 
fair amount of cash there in the municipal securities and then auction rate off the cash, the immediate cash balance. 
Why is the yield so low on that? 

<A - Daniel Darazsdi>: Yeah. We've moved most of the cash to very secure – most cash equivalent Treasury kind of 
vehicles, just because we've said that job one continues to be a principal protection, and that's driven us to around a one 
percentage kind of number. A year ago, the ARSs were a little bit better, but they've all drifted down. The ARSs, as we 
look forward, is also about 1% at this point. We are looking to very prudently try to move back into some vehicles that 
could give us some expansion in the yield but we're going to do that over time as we want to make sure that we're 
getting the right kind of protection of our cash balances first and we'll try to move up the yield curve over time when 
we think things really settle down. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs and Company. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Hey, great and thanks for the questions. Fred, have things been getting worse into March and 
April? It just seems, I mean, the economy's been bad for some time now. And so a lot of discussion on impact from the 
economy and it just sounds like the outlook going forward has gotten worse as we've moved through the year thus far. 
Is that what you're seeing from a customer perspective? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Well, I mean we've got all kinds of data points. Some of which would indicate there may be the 
beginning of an uptick. We have others that don't look so good. So it's extremely difficult to predict. And I think as I 
said in my prepared remarks, in giving new guidance, we have tried to be very conservative until we do see some 
concrete evidence that this thing is really beginning to turn around. And again as I said, we all agree here on this 
management team that Big Pharma and Big Biotech are not about to desert the models that drive their business. And so 
this will come back, it's just a matter of when. 

But just to give you a few pieces of data, we looked at the RFP patterns for what was received in Q1 and we looked at 
the patterns of what happened to the hold over RFPs from '08. And in the hold over RFPs where some action was taken 
in the first quarter, 57% were cancelled or had no date for action, leading us to believe that they may not be real. And 
we had 16% of those still pending. So 73% of those hold over RFPs, we got no action. 

In terms of ones that were actually received in the first quarter of '09, the rate for cancellations and no date for action 
was 20% as one might expect because they're brand new, but the pending was 44%. So again, we had 64% of the 


incoming potential business more or less stuck. So that should give you a flavor there. 

In terms of cancellation rates as a percent of new authorizations strictly for Phase II through IV, in the fourth quarter 
that was 43% and in the first quarter it was 44%. Now that's the kind of stuff that's just not sustainable and you've seen 
the effects that it had, not only on Q1 but on what we expect to happen going forward. 

So again, in one sense you could say, well okay, maybe the carnage is over and we're at the low point and it's – we're 
going up from here. On the other hand you could say, well, what's next? We are planning for success. We are putting 
our organization on a footing to take advantage of the uptick and we're going after the business very hard. But again, 
for me to predict is just, I don't have enough data. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: I mean, I guess two questions. Is the weakness coming from a specific set of customers, 
obviously you have a couple of Big Pharma customers, they've gone through mergers. Are you seeing concentrated 
weakness there or is it more broad based? And then I guess the big question, is pricing being impacted at this point? 
And do you expect prices to be impacted going forward? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Well, the three biggest mergers that most people are looking at, those being Pfizer-Wyeth, 
Merck-Schering and Roche-Genentech, really had de minimis effects on us for various reasons. So I don't think that 
really rocked our boat too much at this point. 

In terms of pricing, people have sharpened their pencils. There is no doubt about that. But I would not classify it as a 
pricing route. We have noted, as I said in my remarks, that there is one company out there acting up a little bit in our 
opinion, and that distorted things in a couple of accounts. We know and we hope they know that is not sustainable. But 
again, generally speaking, we are going to have to drive the cost out of our operations so that if the pricing level falls 
we can maintain margins because we're more efficient. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Last question and I'll jump out. Did you take any deep look at your current backlog and the 
orders that you've booked? Are you comfortable that most of those projects are going to move forward? Or I guess in 
other words, should we expect a heightened cancellation risk going forward until things settle down? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Well, we're always very careful about what we put into revenue forecast from the backlog. I 
think we've always been fairly conservative there and we'll continue to be. Would I have ever in my wildest dreams 
expected back-to-back quarters of 40 plus percent cancellations in Phase II through IV? Absolutely not. Statistically 
speaking, would I expect that to continue at that rate going forward? No I wouldn't. But on the other hand, I don't have 
any data. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Thanks. Thanks Fred. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Greg Bolan with Wachovia Capital Markets 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Thanks. So my first question has to do with the Magen purchase. Fred, given the dilution of Magen 
that would – it seemed to flow through into 2010; would it be fair to assume that you believe the potential IND filings 
on the two compounds internally will spark milestones that might mitigate most or all the dilution that could possibly 
flow past 2009? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: No. Because the near-term milestones would actually flow in the other direction. They would 
flow to Lily until we get these things to the point where we could decide what to do with them in terms of revenue 
generation for PPD. In terms of '09, the PRC divestiture roughly covered the R&D dilution for '09. And while we're 
certainly not here to give any guidance for 2010, if things are successful in terms of moving through the clinic, then 
theoretically there will be some dilution from dermatology in 2010. 

We were very encouraged by the recent transaction by Glaxo, where they've gotten back into the derm business and 
paid up big time to do it. And we've also looked at some other recent transactions in the dermatology field, and it's 


obvious to us that there is quite a multiple difference between derm companies with no pipeline and those with a 
pipeline. So for those reasons we are pretty bullish on it, we think it's a good place to spend money, but there probably 
will be dilution going forward. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Okay, great. And then moving on to bookings. Just so we can better understand kind of on an 
apples-to-apples basis, 1Q bookings versus 4Q bookings. Can you give us a sense as to how much Merck's vaccines 
and central lab business contributed to 4Q bookings? I guess, can you at least give us an idea as to the contribution to 
4Q bookings of vaccines versus central labs? In other words, which one contributed more, vaccines or central labs? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: I don't have those numbers in front of me. But if I recall correctly, the vaccine number was 
larger than the central lab, but I would urge you to contact Dan or Luke or somebody following the call just to be sure 
that we got those numbers correct. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Okay, great. That's all I have. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from David Windley with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - David Windley>: Hi. Excuse me, good morning, Fred. Thanks for taking the questions. A twist a little bit on 
Randall's question from before. On the cancellations that you're announcing last night and today, was the $215 million 
or so all a result of a specific client communication that the projects were canceled? Or I guess I'm getting at, is there 
some proactive amount of that where you're identifying projects that seem to have gotten stale for a long enough of 
period of time that it's appropriate now to take them out of backlog? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Well, we always look to cleanse our backlog, so to speak, but I think that most, if not all, of the 
cancellations were a direct result of client actions rather than our going through and saying, "Well, okay, that looks like 
a dog, we'll take it out." 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. And on – I think you mentioned that average duration in the backlog is around 34 
months, if I remember that correctly. And that hasn't, to my memory, moved a lot lately; it's been fairly consistent. But 
I think the actual backlog conversion rate or backlog into revenue has been continuing to slow, and I wondered if you 
could help me to understand perhaps the other factors? Are start-ups on trials not – are they continuing to slip beyond, 
say, the specified date that you might base your 34 months on, or what are those factors that are causing that to 
continue to slow? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: I think the largest single factor would be delays. We won a big award in, I can't remember if it 
was Q4 '08 or Q1 of '09. But in any event, almost immediately the thing was put on hold. They assure us it's going to 
happen, but it's not going to get out of the blocks at the time that we thought it was. And we're seeing those kinds of 
delays all across the board. So I would say that's the primary reason that you're not seeing things flow exactly as you 
would expect from a model. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. And when those – given the breadth of that activity, evidently – when those things are 
put on hold, is it a variety of reasons that the delays are happening, or is it, quite often, is it a funding budgetary 
analysis, or is it still that or regulatory or material availability, and all the other factors? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: I can't answer that specifically, because obviously we are not privy to the internal financial 
discussions at some of these companies. And we really don't know what they're trying to achieve in terms of expense 
within a given quarter. I'm not struck that a lot of it is due to companies where all of a sudden there is a funding 
problem and they just don't flat have the money, I don't think it's that. I think other manipulations. And certainly all of 
the other factors that you've brought up, which are usual, have come into play. 

And the regulatory situation has certainly given pause to a lot of people, not only in diabetes, but in other fields in 
terms of how they design their protocols, how they plan their submissions and so forth. So I think as we said at the 
outset, not only are economic conditions causing unrest here, but the regulatory climate is pouring fuel on this as well. 


<Q - David Windley>: Okay. On the compound partnering, changing gears for a second. Has PPD established a 
scientific advisory board, external docs that you would rely on heavily to help you evaluate compounds before 
transactions? How – what is PPD's process for vetting the quality of and the opportunity for compounds, medically and 
scientifically? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Well, first we take them to do a very stringent evaluation process internally, using all sorts of 
various scientific and medical disciplines, as well as doing our own market forecasting in addition to whatever the other 
people think is the case. But certainly, if we feel that something is outside of our capability and/or we really wish to get 
some more expert input, we do that. We certainly also have standing advisory boards in various therapeutic areas that 
we can call on. So we use all of that to vet these compounds. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay, great. And then last question. In terms of – earlier it was mentioned, Jon Wood asked 
questions about use of cash and tuck-in acquisitions. Would you consider a bigger acquisition to take out a significant 
competitor? I mean are valuations at a level where even though you wouldn't retain all the business in all likelihood, 
that that still could make sense? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: We have discussions about these kinds of things internally, which are quite interesting actually, 
because we have all sorts of viewpoints on these things. There is some sentiment internally to take another look at 
opportunities, to see if in fact there is real value there. On the other hand, I guess I'm more in the camp of let's really 
execute on what we've got here and take more than our share of the market, which is exactly what we did in the last 
downturn in 2000 or thereabouts, whenever it occurred, when the market was actually flat and PPD had hyper growth, 
all of it based on market share expansion. So on my playbook, if you looked at the return to investors by just improving 
your own business rather than buying something else, I think the theoretical return is higher organically. But again 
having said that, we're not going to rule out anything if it looks like it adds value, it adds capability and it financially 
makes sense. 

<Q - David Windley>: Okay. I remember that well. Thank you very much, Fred. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Kreger with William Blair & Company. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Hi, thanks. Fred, I think you just mentioned the downturn in '99 and 2000. Could you perhaps 
spend a minute just contrasting what you're seeing now to that period the last time the industry really went through a 
downturn? Are you seeing any similarities and are there any lessons that we could take from that period to give us a 
sense about when the business might start to stabilize and improve? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Well, that would be a difficult comparison because the – I think whatever triggered the 
downturn or the flattening during that period of time was not really related to the overall economy like it seems to be 
today. So I think they're apples and oranges a little bit. 

I think in terms of PPD as well, during that period and actually for the next couple of years, in terms of market share, 
we were helped by disorder among some of our major competitors. As you might recall, Covance and Parexel had a 
failed merger. Covance was carrying a lot of debt at one point with falling income and they were investing heavily in 
capital projects and that spooked some of the clients. We had Quintiles doing an LBO, which spooked some of their 
clients. So we actually had a lot of help, I would say, in what were able to do in those years and those factors really do 
not apply as far as we know in this one. And so it's a long way of saying, we don't have any idea. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks. A follow-up question, I know in past calls, you've talked about your North 
American business under performing from your perspective. Can we give us an update on that? Have you seen any 
change in the performance is that unit? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: No, we haven't. But I have a meeting scheduled this week actually with senior management, 
who are going to present a brand new plan for turning that business around. We are very serious about that, we are 


going to engage in it and we're going full out because we recognize that that is still the heart of our business, it's the 
biggest single unit. And if we turn that thing around, the rest of the business will follow very quickly. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. And then, a final question, the Magen deal that you did during the quarter. Should we take 
from that any change in your strategy around the discovery business or does it remain your intent to just sort of pick off 
these early compounds and move them into kind of a feasibility stage and then look for a bigger partner to fund the – 
kind of do the heavy lifting of Phase III? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: I think we will continue to look for those kinds of deals. Having said that, the Magen 
transaction did signal a somewhat new tact for us in that the Magen acquisition is a therapeutic area play, we are betting 
on dermatology and associated indications for a number of reasons which we may have outlined before. These are 
generally chronic conditions, you can ameliorate many of them, but you cannot cure them. They are very irritating to 
patients and in some cases disfiguring, which causes the patients to seek medical attention. It also causes them to take 
treatments of various types. There have been really very few advances in the dermatology field per se and we believe 
the time is right for an R&D based operation. 

Cost of goods are generally low for topical kinds of products and therefore, even though your overall revenue from 
these wouldn't be as high as a small molecule blockbuster for example, the margins are quite attractive and it should be 
fairly easy to penetrate a market, given that the number of people that you need to call on are fairly small and 
well-known. So for all those reasons, we did decide to make a therapeutic area play. 

We've also decided that in this instance we want flexibility around that strategically. So do we take these compounds to 
Phase II proof-of-concept for example and flip them to a commercial sponsor? Or do we continue to build up, hopefully 
a huge pipeline, and at some point someone is so interested that they buy up the whole operation from us. Or in fact at 
some point in the future, do we spin this thing off and turn it into a FIPCO with a sales force and so forth and so on? 
We don't have any idea, and I think the results will drive that more than the plans, but we certainly believe that we have 
more flexibility there than we do in the usual compound partnering situation. 

<Q - John Kreger>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Yeah. While I have the floor here, let me also correct a statement that I made before, where I 
said that the vaccine authorization number was larger than the central lab; that is incorrect. It was the other way around. 
We have not disclosed that exact number, and I think we were requested by our client not to disclose that number. But 
in fact it was greater than the vaccine number in Q4 of '08. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Sean Wieland with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Sean Wieland>: Hi, thanks. You mentioned you're being considered for a Phase I preferred provider partnership. 
Could you just talk about the timing of that and any additional details you could give us? 

<A - William Sharbaugh>: Well, the timing I mentioned was a decision is likely in second quarter. And I certainly 
can't discuss the client name, but as you know, we have a sort of best in class Phase I clinic in Austin, Texas. It's run 
very well, it's performed very well. And every time we get a new client in there to take a look at the facility, the staff, 
and the way we handle the more complex volunteer studies, they're always impressed. So I certainly feel pretty 
confident about it, but the timing is Q2. 

<Q - Sean Wieland>: Okay. And how critical is pricing in this partnership, versus kind of historical strategic 
partnerships you've done? 

<A - William Sharbaugh>: Pricing is always one of the three or four key decision criteria, as we've mentioned 
previously. There's been questions about whether pricing's becoming more important. I think in this case, when you're 
taking an asset that's valuable enough to put into patients, they need quality, and they need delivery, and they need a 
client that they can count on. And I think those will be the more important decision criteria. 


<A - Fred Eshelman>: Yeah, I'd add to that by saying that generally speaking, because of the segment of the markets 
that we have chosen to address in our Phase I unit, it is somewhat less price sensitive because these studies by and large 
are very complicated, they're very intense and so forth. And there just aren't that many places that you can get that done 
reliably and consistently. 

<Q - Sean Wieland>: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Eric Coldwell with Robert W. Baird & Company. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Thank you. Just to clarify on the prepared remarks. You said you've added a vaccine client. Is 
this – are you simply referring to Merck, or are you talking about adding a new external partner in your vaccine lab? 

<A - William Sharbaugh>: I'm talking about adding a new external partner in the vaccine lab. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Okay, great. Thanks. And then second question, can you give us any reason or backdrop for the 
near $80 million biotech cancellation? Was that a compound failure, insourcing by the client, a shift in the client's use 
of a different partner? What was the driver of that decision? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Dr. Dingivan, did you want to take that one? 

<A - Christine Dingivan>: The program was actually changed in terms of the corporate plan based on the parent 
molecules, interactions with the FDA and the decisions that the company has made as a result of those interactions. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: So the client canceled the project altogether? 

<A - Christine Dingivan>: Yes. Pending further discussion with the FDA. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Okay. Fred, in your prepared remarks, you talked about how you believe you've been fairly good 
at providing revenue guidance and forecasting, but obviously delays have impacted that, and the fact is whether or not 
you've guided the Street to quarters, the last 11 of 13 quarters, revenue has come in below Street expectations and 
below the low end of most analysts' expectations individually. How are we to think about guidance today, in terms of, 
you did suggest that you're taking a very conservative approach, but what did you do differently this time? Did you use 
different metrics, different tools? What changed in how you develop the guidance that leads us to believe that in fact it 
is conservative today? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: We've basically looked at every assumption that has to do with revenue generation, from 
execution to cancellation rate to whether or not we are going to hit our sales targets, to average duration of business, 
blah blah blah, and we gave everything a haircut. 

So I think that all up and down the line of how we would look at this, we cut things so that in the composite you come 
up with something that, I certainly think is conservative, and I think our CFO agrees with that. And as I inferred, what 
we're trying to do again is take a very conservative position and if things turn around faster than we expect and/or hope 
then we'll have some upside there, and if they don't, we should hopefully be within striking distance of getting it right 
this time. 

I would also remind you that while we know that top line has got to drive what we're doing here, we have never been a 
top line managing company. We have been a bottom line managing company. And I think in 11 of the 13 quarters you 
talk about, barring some individual unusual occurrence, we've been pretty good at predicting what the EPS would be in 
the income and so forth for those quarters. So I apologize for missing some of the revenue a little bit, but don't 
apologize for flowing the cash. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: No, that's fair. And then last question relates to the specific rate of acceleration or growth in 
revenue by the quarters. I think there were prepared remarks talking about 2Q growth trending towards 4Q growth. I 


may have misheard you; it sounded like you were expecting growth but in fact the low end of the new guidance would 
suggest a down year. So I'm just hoping that we can get some clarification on your quarter-by-quarter revenue 
expectations? 

<A - Daniel Darazsdi>: Yeah, the quarter-by-quarter revenue expectations, just wanted to give a little insight in terms 
of how we see the sequential revenue performance over the remaining three quarters. And the way we see that is lower 
single-digit growth in 2Q, moving up to midsingle-digit kind of growth in the fourth quarter. So just wanted to give you 
at least a little bit of insight since we did give some insight in terms of the EPS by quarter for development that on a 
sequential basis, we've profiled it a little bit more conservative in the 2Q, 3Q and 4Q is in line with all of our 
expectations. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Okay. So you're looking for quarter-to-quarter growth but not necessarily year-over-year? 

<A - Daniel Darazsdi>: Right. So I tried to give you a little bit of sequential feel for how we see the rest of the year 
playing out. 

<Q - Eric Coldwell>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question today will come from Douglas Tsao with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: Just in starting on the Discovery segment, Fred. You've talked about it in the past, given the 
acquisition of Magen, I was just wondering your thoughts in terms of revisiting the idea of spinning out that business 
into a separate entity in order to provide some relief towards just the company overall in terms of the P&L, especially 
given sort of the limited visibility that we have for the CRO business to avoid potential dilution in a go forward basis? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Well, as I said, it's certainly not anything that we've ruled out. On the other hand, I don't want 
to jump too quickly there on a spin-off or diluting with other people's money and so forth, because we think there is 
potential real upside here and we would like to participate fully in that upside. So I think we keep our powder dry a 
little bit, and then going forward, if it looks like it's the appropriate thing to do, either to decrease the dilution or more 
importantly to really power it up and take it to another level, we'll certainly look at that. And we have spoken to certain 
sources of money who are quite interested in the dermatology segment. So if we being to have some success there, I 
believe that we will be able to attract outside capital at such time as we would need it. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: Okay. And then turning to the development business, you have spoken about seeing a change in 
patterns in terms of diabetes research, given the FDA guidance. I was wondering if there were any other particular 
therapeutic areas that stood out in which regulatory concerns have put a damper on in terms of clinical trial starts or just 
overall R&D investments? And have you gotten feedback specifically from clients who have cited regulatory risk as a 
reason that they are giving pause to some program? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Somebody gave some guidance recently. I believe it was Roche, but I can't swear to that. It was 
one of the Big Pharmas who dropped the compounds that they were looking at that lower glucose, in other words, 
theoretically for type 2 diabetes, they just dropped them out of the picture, which I have to believe is somewhat related 
to new regulations. There have been a number of changes and discussions within the anti-infective field, as you know, 
in terms of what's going to be necessary to get things approved in the future. There have been very recent discussions, 
for example in the irritable bowel field, on FDA thinking about changing the rules on how you show or don't show the 
efficacy. So I think there is a whole bunch of stuff going on and I think we can expect more in the future with new 
leadership at FDA. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: And then, also in development business, maybe my back of the envelope math is wrong. But it 
seems in my calculations you're expecting to see some sequential decrease in the operating margin in the segment for 
the remainder of the year from the current levels. And then – or perhaps rebounding later in the year. If you could just 
give us some directional guidance that would be – greatly help. 


<A - Daniel Darazsdi>: Yeah. Just a little directional guidance. We do see the fourth quarter a little bit stronger than 
second quarter, and third quarter kind of right in the middle. Given the sequential revenue I had talked about, given the 
fact that we come out with our global merit increases, and at kind of the beginning of the second quarter. That puts a 
little bit of pressure on the second quarter, but then comes back after the course of the year. It's a fairly tight bandwidth, 
and overall we have I think, demonstrated and we're continuing to demonstrate, really strong focus on productivity 
initiatives, in light of what's been happening with revenue. 

And I think the organization has been really effective in making sure that we're keeping our eye on the ball in terms of 
just the total financial management of the company. And that cuts right through the cash flow too. So yeah, I think 
sequentially it gets a little bit better through the year, but it's in a pretty tight bandwidth. Okay? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: Yeah. Just to add to that, as a reminder, once again we have no Priligy royalties in our forecast 
and we have to assume that there's going to be some sales overseas. So that's a potential up tick and would improve 
overall margin should that occur. We also still have a PDUFA for alogliptin in June, and we don't actually know for 
sure what's going to happen at that time. So there is some room for this to move around on the upside should certain 
things occur. 

<Q - Doug Tsao>: Okay, great. Thank you very much for taking the questions. 

Operator 

We will take today's final question from Greg Bolan with Wachovia Capital Markets. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Thanks for the follow-up. Just going back to an earlier question on pricing, Fred, do you believe 
it's more about pricing or maybe the scope of projects? In other words, does it seem like sponsors are choosing PPDI on 
billable rate or on the number of billable hours your business development folks are using to price the project? So 
basically, how productive you are with actually pricing or putting the project together and submitting it to the sponsor? 

<A - Fred Eshelman>: We are seeing some of both. I mean, there is no question that sponsors are looking very 
carefully at bids, particularly if they are large ones. Down to the various categories of labor and the number of hours 
and asking us to be as efficient as we possibly can, getting certain tasks done. So that's occurring. In other cases where 
something is very competitive, we generally historically have taken the position that we're going to be sure we've got 
sufficient labor loaded into these things to actually get them done. And if we have to take a haircut, we are going to 
take a haircut on the GP line but preserve our capability to deliver the project. So it's kind of a mixed bag out there at 
the moment. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Okay. That's great. And then last question. Moving on to just a quick housekeeping question. Bill, 
what was the – excuse me, Dan, what was the incremental revenue from InnoPharm and the Merck deal in the quarter? 

<A - Daniel Darazsdi>: Incremental revenue from InnoPharm, it's pretty de minimis, less than a million. 

<Q - Greg Bolan>: Okay. All right. Thanks so much. 

Operator 

At this time, I'll turn the conference back over to our presenters for any additional or closing comments. 

Fred N. Eshelman, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Okay, well, thank you very much for the attending. And if there are any follow-ups, as always go to Dan or Luke 
or myself or whatever. So again, thank you very much and good day. 


Operator 

Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen for joining today's PPD Q1 2009 earnings conference call. This concludes 
your conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


