Q3 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Arthur J. Shannon, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communication 
• Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Ami Fadia 
• Linda Weiser 
• Frank Pinkerton 
• Louise Chen 
• Randall Stanicky 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Sumant Kulkarni 
• David Buck 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Tamika and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Perrigo Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Art Shannon, 
Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 

Arthur J. Shannon, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communication 

Thank you very much, Tamika. 

Welcome to Perrigo's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I hope you all had a chance to review our press 
release, which we issued earlier this morning. A copy of the press release is available on our Web site at perrigo.com. 
Also on our Web site is a slide presentation for this call. 

Before we proceed with the call I'd like to remind everyone that the Safe Harbor language contained in today's press 
release also pertains to this conference call. Certain statements in this call are forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended and are subject to the Safe Harbor created 
thereby. Please see the cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements on Page 1 of the company's Form 10-K 
for the year ended June 26, 2010. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Perrigo's Chairman and CEO, Joe Papa. Joe? 

Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Art; and welcome everyone to Perrigo's Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me 
today is Judy Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 


For our agenda today I'll provide a brief perspective on the quarter. Next Judy will walk through the detailed financials 
and our increased fiscal 2011 guidance. Then I will give you an update on our new product launch of the generic 
version of Allegra; discuss the progress on closing the acquisition of Paddock Laboratories and comment on the rest of 
our fiscal year. This will be followed by an opportunity for Q&A. 

Now, let's discuss the quarter. We had another great quarter with record third quarter net sales of $692 million, up 29% 
over last year plus adjusted operating income up 29% from last year also. In addition, our consolidated adjusted 
operating margin from continuing operations was 19.6%, driven primarily by core business strength, new product sales 
of over $44 million and operating execution improvements, especially in our Rx, API and Nutritional segments. See 
Slide number 3 for summary results. 

Our Consumer Healthcare unit had another record third quarter sales of $425 million, up 13% from last year's record 
third quarter. The performance was driven primarily by strong sales of existing products. The continued recalls of a 
national brand analgesics has helped our business. Our OTC business is performing well, but growth was limited by the 
steps we took to remediate the issues raised in the FDA warning letter at our Allegan, Michigan site, which limited our 
manufacturing throughput. 

As we recently announced, the FDA has concluded its process with respect to the warning letter. This was my number 
one priority and I want to thank all of our employees and consultants who put in long hours and worked diligently 
through this process. I believe we are a better company now having gone through it. It wasn't easy but we spent the 
money and added necessary resources to get this done right the first time and resolved in less than one year. And 
importantly, I want to thank the FDA Detroit District for making the re-inspection of our facilities a priority and for 
working cooperatively with us to resolve the issues. 

Looking at Slide 4 the overall OTC consumer market was up over 1% versus last year with national brands down 
nearly 4% but store brands gained nearly 15% on the strength of new product launches, national brand recalls and 
increased market share. The analgesic category was obviously impacted by recalls at a branded OTC competitor. 
However all, all of the individual store brand categories were up. Please note that this data represents the last 52 weeks 
activity. 

Our Rx business segment had another very strong quarter as they continued to execute ahead of our expectations. Rx 
net sales of $84 million increased 66% and adjusted operating income grew 77% versus last year. The strength came 
from new product sales of $23 million led by generic of Aldara, the generic version of Xyzal and the generic version of 
Differin, along with increased sales in the Rx-based business. 

The Nutritional segment, which includes infant formulas, vitamin, mineral supplements and oral electrolyte solutions 
exceeded our expectations due to strong performance in the Infant Formula business. Net sales in nutritionals in the 
third quarter were $124 million, with adjusted operating income of approximately $24 million. PBM sales continue to 
surpass the original expectation we estimated in the announcement of our acquisition in March 2010. Our API segment 
continues to perform well, also driven by strong European sales of temozolomide during the quarter. API sales were 
$41 million in the quarter, up 26% versus last year but adjusted operating income was up 76% versus last year. As a 
result of our strong year-to-date performance, we are raising our expected adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal 2011 to a 
range of $3.90 to $4.00. 

I'm sure you'll have plenty of questions but let me first turn the call over to Judy to provide details on the quarter and 
guidance first. Judy? 

Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Joe. 

Good morning, everyone. As you just heard, it was another strong quarter both operationally and with the benefit of a 
one-time tax adjustment. As a result I'll be providing revised earning guidance for the remainder of the year in a few 
minutes. But first I'll give a brief review of our fiscal 2011 third quarter results. As always I'd like to remind you that 


my comments are focused exclusively on results from continuing operations. 

As you can see on Slide 5, we had a strong year-over-year revenue growth this quarter on a consolidated basis. The net 
sales strength was driven primarily by the acquisitions of PBM and Orion, which added approximately $88 million; 
consolidated new product sales of $44 million; and increased CHD and Rx volumes. That growth was partially offset 
by decreases in sales of certain existing products which I'll explain in more detail over the next minutes. 

On Slide 6 you'll see that we have excluded two items from our analysis of the adjusted operating basis financials for 
the third quarter of fiscal 2011 and four items from fiscal 2010. You may view the reconciliation from the reported 
GAAP numbers to our adjusted non-GAAP numbers in the Appendices to this slide presentation and on our press 
release. 

Now I'll take you through the rest of the financial analysis based on adjusted results from continuing operations. On 
Slide 7 you can see that just as we were able to expand the top line 29%, we were also able to grow consolidated 
adjusted gross profit year-over-year the same amount, driven primarily by the contribution of the PBM acquisition, the 
new product sales in Rx and API, and the strong sales of analgesics in our Consumer Healthcare business. Additionally 
we benefited this quarter from the impact of a one-time tax adjustment related to the change in future Israeli statutory 
tax rates. 

As I had indicated on our last call on February 1, the Israel government enacted new tax legislation in January, which is 
applicable to specific qualifying entities. Therefore, U.S. GAAP required us to revalue those deferred tax positions on 
the balance sheet which related to certain of our Israel legal entities. Based upon our expected adoption date of the new 
law, we recorded a one-time adjustment of approximately $9 million, which benefited the income tax expense line, 
reducing this quarter's adjusted effective tax rate to 20.2%. So all in, our performance this quarter translated into a 
record $1.07 adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, which includes approximately $0.09 
related to the tax rate reduction I just noted. 

Now, let's move on to the business segments. Looking to Slide 8 and our Consumer Healthcare segment, net sales 
growth was driven by a $36 million increase in existing product sales, primarily in analgesics and cough cold, as well 
as $9 million in new product sales and $7 million from the acquisition of Orion. That growth was offset by a $5 million 
year-over-year decline in existing product sales, primarily in the feminine hygiene and contract manufacturing 
categories. However, overall our core base business is performing well despite the throughput pressures in 
manufacturing, and we continue to experience record demand for our products. 

The decline in adjusted gross margin was due largely to increased investments in spending related to quality control, 
assurance and supervision, variable incentive compensation as well as some inventory rework. At the same time 
consumer healthcare continued to experience somewhat lower manufacturing efficiencies due to the production process 
redesign activities continuing in this quarter. This, combined with higher investments and R&D, resulted in the 
year-over-year decline in adjusted operating margin you see here. 

On Slide 9 you can see that our new nutritional segment had a very solid quarter, benefiting from strong retailer 
demand for our infant nutrition products and some residual upside from challenges at a competitor in infant formula. 
The new PBM business was the main driver of the net sales increase, adding $81 million to the segment in the quarter. 
The new sales were partially offset by a year-over-year decrease in net sales of vitamins, mineral and dietary 
supplement products as we continue our efforts around SKU rationalization. The adjusted growth and operating margin 
improvements were driven by the acquisition of PBM. 

On Slide 10 you can see that our Rx business continues along with strong growth trajectory we have seen over the last 
several quarters. Net sales growth was driven by $23 million in new product sales, primarily the generic versions of 
Aldara, Xyzal and Differin. Adjusted gross profit for the quarter was strong compared to last year due to the success of 
new product sales as well as improvements in pricing. You will notice however a relative decrease in the adjusted gross 
margin attributable mainly to the financial structure of our ongoing authorized generic partnership with Graceway 
Pharmaceuticals for imiquimod. However, please note that we did have our own vertically integrated version of the 
drug in the market throughout the third quarter of fiscal 2011 and as such the adjusted gross margins have improved on 


a sequential basis. 

Next looking at the API segment on Slide 11. The 26% net sales growth was driven by new product sales of 
temozolomide in Europe, which were enhanced due to a product recall at the only other generic supplier for this 
product. This product's sales were also the main driver of the expansion in adjusted gross margin. This higher adjusted 
gross margin combined with decreased expenses following the sale of our former German operation helped drive the 
relative increase in adjusted operating margin which was slightly offset by decreased sales of dossier agreements as 
compared to this quarter last year. 

Now some quick highlights on our balance sheet. Excluding cash and current investments, working capital from 
continuing operations was $471 million at the end of the quarter, up from $375 million at this time last year. The 
increase was primarily related to the acquisitions of PBM and Orion, timing and business unit mix of sales in the 
quarter, and inventory supplies on hand. Cash flow from operations for the third quarter was a strong $106 million. As 
of March 26, 2011, total current and long-term debt on the face of the balance sheet was $892 million. This is down 
from $1.3 billion at the end of fiscal 2010 primarily as a result of the closeout of the $400 million back-to-back loan, 
which had been in place since 2005. Excluding cash and cash equivalents, our net debt to total capital at the end of the 
third quarter of fiscal 2011 was 31.9%. This quarter we also paid $6.5 million in dividends or $0.07 per share. 

And now I'd like to discuss our updated earnings outlook for fiscal 2011. As a reminder, our earnings outlook is based 
on adjusted financials from continuing operations, which exclude deal-related amortization as well as certain 
acquisition related charges. First, looking to our consolidated projections on Slide 12: as Joe shared with you earlier we 
are updating our estimate of fiscal year adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations to rise to be 
between $3.90 and $4.00, an increase of 29% to 32% compared to fiscal 2010's $3.03. 

As I noted a few moments ago, we recorded a one-time benefit this quarter related to the recent change in the Israel 
income tax law of approximately $9 million or $0.09 diluted earnings per share. We expect this benefit to carry forward 
for the remainder of the fiscal year. In addition, our business segments contributed to this raised guidance. Let's start 
first with CHC. 

We continue to anticipate strong demand for our products in our Consumer Healthcare segment. However, given the 
throughput pressure we experienced in the first nine months of the fiscal year which limited our ability to fully service 
our full demand we expect revenue growth to be at the low-end of the 7% to 9% range we had projected in February. 
This now includes the contribution from the launch of Fexofenadine, the generic version of Allegra, but no longer 
includes the potential launch of a generic version of Mucinex, which we now believe will not be before fiscal 2012. 

This growth rate includes an assumption that the competitive dynamic created by challenges faced by a large branded 
competitor continue through the rest of our fiscal year. That said, we expect the mid-point of the ranges for full year 
fiscal 2011 adjusted gross and operating margins in Consumer Healthcare to be approximately 32% and 18%, 
respectively. 

In our new Nutritional segment, we reiterate our previous guidance and expect sales to be nearly double that of fiscal 
2010 full year sales and expect the midpoint of the ranges for fiscal 2011 adjusted gross and operating margin of 
approximately 34% and 18.5%, respectively. 

In Rx, we are now expecting top line growth of over 40% compared to fiscal 2010 driven primarily by strong new 
products. We now expect Rx adjusted gross margin to be in a range of 48% to 50% and adjusted operating margin to be 
in a range of 35% to 38%. 

In our API segment, we now expect net sales growth of approximately 7% compared to fiscal 2010 due primarily to 
strong European sales of temozolomide and our expectations for how this should continue for the rest of the fiscal year. 
Because of this product's strong showing, we now expect API adjusted gross margin to be in a range of 45% to 47% 
and, due to productivity improvements, now expect adjusted operating margin to be in a range of 25% to 28%. 

So, summing everything up back at the consolidated P&L level on Slide 13: we continue to estimate that consolidated 
net sales growth will be in a range of 20% to 23% over fiscal 2010. We anticipate this increase will be driven by 


acquisitions, new product sales of over $180 million and growth in our base business. 

We continue to estimate adjusted consolidated gross margin to be between 35% and 36% and adjusted consolidated 
operating margin of between 19% and 20%. 

Lastly, note that we are now assuming an effective worldwide tax rate from continuing operations of approximately 
26%, down from our previous expectations due to the impact of the fiscal third quarter one-time benefit recorded 
related to the Israel tax rate change. 

This consolidated guidance continues to assume that we will be in a position to close the Paddock acquisition before 
mid-June. As we noted on our second quarter earnings call, the timing of this transaction's closing is dependent upon 
finalization of regulatory approval. While the review process is progressing along according to plan, we have modeled 
our expectations prudently and assumed Paddock results will contribute only minimally to adjusted operating earnings 
in fiscal 2011. 

In total, this brings us to an estimate of adjusted diluted earnings from continuing operations of between $3.90 and 
$4.00 per share. We continue to expect fiscal 2011 cash flow from operations to be between $350 million and $300 
million; however, based upon the relative timing of several of our larger projects underway in Michigan, Israel and 
India, we have decreased our expectations on internal capital expenditures and are now anticipating spending between 
$60 million and $80 million for the full fiscal year on CapEx. 

We are focused on execution the rest of this year and are now well underway with our planning processes for fiscal 
2012. At the same time, the team is busy preparing for a successful close and integration of the Paddock acquisition. As 
always, the team is quite busy, running multiple projects to further solidify our foundation for continued growth. 

And now let me turn it back to Joe. 

Joseph C. Papa, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Thanks, Judy. 

Now that Judy has given you all the details from the quarter, I'd like to talk about our future. First, let me talk about the 
Fexofenadine or store-brand Allegra launch this past month. 

Our partner received final approval on April 13, and we began shipping immediately and our product is on the retailers' 
shelves. In comparison to our store brand Cetirizine launch, we do not directly control the manufacturing of 
Fexofenadine active ingredient and/or final dosage form, and we have an aggressive competitor in the market. 

But we do believe that we will get the majority of the business. Why do we believe this? Look at Slide number 14. 
There is more to a successful launch than just shipping product. We give the retailer a turnkey new product launch 
program. This slide shows just some of what we do for the retailer. 

Next, as we wind down to the end of the fiscal year, we look forward to closing our acquisition of Paddock Labs. As 
you can see on Slide number 15, we continue to be very excited about this transaction. 

The acquisition of Paddock Labs meets all of our deal criteria. First, we expect it to be accretive to return on invested 
capital in fiscal 2013, our second full-year of ownership. Additionally we expect it to be accretive to both GAAP and 
adjusted operating earnings in the first full fiscal year 2012. We have more to say about this business as the deal closes. 

We are excited about our future. We are working together with our retailers to meet the demand from consumers for all 
of our products. Perrigo is the right company at the right time and the right place to meet the world's growing need for 
quality, affordable healthcare products. 

Operator, let's now open it up for any questions. 


Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ami Fadia of UBS. 

<Q - Ami Fadia>: Hi. Good morning. I had a couple of questions. Firstly on Allegra, could you give us a sense of the 
amount of stocking that might have occurred during the launch? Secondly if you could tell us how many retailers 
you've launched at so far and if you could characterize the amount of discounting you've offered to the retailers as 
opposed to some of your previous launches such as Zyrtec, et cetera. And I'll come back with the additional questions 
later. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah. Just let me start, Allegra is a Q4 event. It's not in our Q3 numbers, just to be clear for 
everybody. This is a Q4 event. On the question of stocking and sales and where we are, let me say, we don't every 
specifically give – with one exception on omeprazole, when we launched omeprazole, we don't ever talk about an 
individual product. I will simply say that we are very excited about Allegra. We think it's a great store brand 
opportunity and we are very happy with where we are relative to launching the product. As you probably know, we are 
out there with one other competitor, an aggressive competitor admittedly, but we are very excited about what we see in 
terms of the opportunity. 

Relative to – I think part of your question is just relative to the price points on the product, the branded product, it 
appears to do be doing very well. It's very early in the launch of the brand; however, right now, admittedly in the midst 
of an allergy season, the brand looks to be poised to reach somewhere in a $500 million to $600 million pace; although 
admittedly, this is very early in the launch. So I don't want anyone to get too far ahead of ourselves on that one. 
Relative to the discount versus the branded product, very consistent with past where we're somewhere around a 25% – 
25% to 30% discount the store brand is priced versus the national brand. 

<Q - Ami Fadia>: Thanks. A follow-up question on the Consumer Health side; how should we think about the impact 
on operating margins going forward? I mean, you've given us some color on the guidance for the rest of the year, but 
beyond that, how should we expect the growth in operating margins to evolve into next year? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Look, there's a lot of input to that 
and I'll start, but Judy, you may want to add something to this. First of all, let me just talk about the manufacturing 
output and pace of where we are as a company. I'm glad to say that in the third quarter of our fiscal year 2011, our 
manufacturing output versus the previous year was up approximate – in the tablet side, was up approximately 15%. So 
we are gaining additional capacity. 

However, some of our input costs as Judy had talked about – and that's just in terms of people, resources, labor, other 
incremental quality inspections that we put into the process – have increased our costs, and as Judy said, it's somewhere 
in that approximate $6 million range, $5 million, $6 million range in terms of our costs. That will be with us. The only 
variable that we will quickly add is that we believe there's opportunities through continuous improvement processes in, 
for example, improving our cleaning validation throughput to continually improve the operating margin of our 
Consumer Healthcare business. 

Judy, anything you want to add to that? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: The only thing I would add is we go into the planning cycle right now for fiscal 2012, it's a 
balance between keeping very sensitive to the ongoing dynamics in the procurement sector and watching input pricing; 
obviously to Joe's point watching external unit pricing. And also we want to make sure that we're also continuing to 
make the investments in R&D and what we feel are a lot of important opportunities. And if you look year-over-year, 
it's within operating expenses. But our year-to-date spend in R&D within the Consumer Healthcare segment is up fairly 
dramatically year-over-year at this point, and we want to make sure that we continue to refill the pipeline on some of 
the opportunities we see going forward. So expansion opportunities are there and we're going to be going through the 


planning process to make the balance to make sure that we're continuing to reinvest at the same time. 

<Q - Ami Fadia>: Thanks. And one last question on the tax rate, and then I'll jump back in the queue. How should we 
think about the tax rate going forward? And then if you could clarify, you mentioned that the benefit from the Israeli 
tax rate change [ph] should (25:27) continue for the rest of the year, so should we see an additional benefit in the fourth 
quarter? And how should... 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Let me help you, walk you 
through the rate dynamics for the year. So let me just step way back and help everyone understand what's going on this 
year. At the beginning of the year, the original guidance for the year was 29%. And the new guidance that I just 
provided for the full-year rate is 26%. And the evolution of that is – there are a couple of pieces. The actual rate and 
mix changes around the globe have actually been negative for us this year, so they would have raised the rates. 
However we did have the benefit of the U.S. passing the R&D tax credit and we saw that come through in the second 
quarter. This quarter, the third fiscal quarter, we had the benefit of the Israel law change. That's a one-time event. 

What I meant by it carries forward, we get $0.09 [ph] good guy (26:24) in the third quarter and that $0.09 doesn't go 
away, it stays in the year-to-date numbers. So it's part of the rate for the full year. And that, actually, contributed to 
about a 150 basis point decline in the rate; again, another reason why the rate's coming down from our original 
expectations. That will – that's a one-time only event and we will not see that $0.09 repeat in future quarters. So it's 
between tax rate planning, the Israel statutory rate change, the R&D tax credit, we're now looking at a full-year rate of 
approximately 26%. 

Looking forward, however, those one-time events we do not expect to repeat; so we'll most likely be starting the 
planning process for fiscal 2012 with a rate more similar to where we started this year, that is approximately 28%, 29%. 
And of course I'll provide more guidance on the exact expectations there in August once we see the business unit and 
legal entity mix dynamics that go into the plan. 

<Q - Ami Fadia>: Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Operator, next question. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Linda Weiser with Caris. 

<Q - Linda Weiser>: Hi. How are you doing? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Linda. How are you? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Linda. 

<Q - Linda Weiser>: Good, good. So can you just more a little bit on the store brand Allegra. We saw at retail a 
couple of price discounts on the brand after it was launched of fairly significant magnitude. Do you have any idea why 
that would be strategically? Were they just trying to adjust price prior to the store brand entry or what that would be? 
Because that kind of signifies that the sales were not strong initially. So yeah that's my first question. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well I can't ever speak about any 
individual retailer and what they're trying to do relative to the overall market. However to date the data we see, Linda, 
suggests that's it's been a very strong launch. We think the folks at Chattem Sanofi have done a very good job of the 
getting product off the ground; although I have to add it is very early in their launch and they're doing it really in the 
midst of a strong or an allergy season right at the peak of hitting in the allergy season right now. So it's hard to really do 
the exact direction of where sales are going with it. 

The second comment I wanted to make is that usually when the brand makes any price move or a retailer makes any 
price move it really is done the point of view of their direct competitor. So in the retail setting it's usually as a result of 


competition with another retailer and/or if it's across the board it's usually based on competition from in the case of 
Allegra with the Zyrtec product or the Claritin product, the branded products is really the major competitive threat. 
There's very – usually very little discounting that is really directed towards a launch of a new store brand at this point 
because they know we have – we launch at usually a 25%, 30% savings for the consumer but obviously there's some 
flexibility on that. So I would say most of the data although early suggest that the Allegra product is on trajectory to be 
something similar to what we had seen with the Zyrtec brand that launched, which by our estimation was a very good 
launch. 

<Q - Linda Weiser>: Okay. And then just on the Infant Formula business when you acquired it you talked about the 
opportunities to improve the packaging and merchandising and even pricing and with the brands going to a rectangular 
plastic tub for the powder and you guys still being in a round tin it sort of doesn't – the packaging doesn't really look a 
lot like the national brand. Are you moving forward on packaging changes? And also what about plans for further 
international expansion of the infant formula business? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Two great questions, Linda. As 
we launched the PBM business and we have worked a lot on trying to continue to improve the packaging and the 
design of the product a lot of that work has happened and we introduced some larger sized products. We've also made 
some additional just label design improvements in the packaging. So a lot of that has already happened. Do we think 
there's still more to go there? The answer is absolutely yes. We believe that when the company needs to be national 
brand equivalent or similar we will continue to seek to try to get ourselves as close to the national brand as possible so 
we'll always continue to look at packaging design opportunities and we are very aware of what both the Mead Johnson 
and the Abbott product have done on the plastic tub. So we're aware of it. We will continue to look at it. We will 
continue to try to move towards store brand – move the store brand closer to the national brand. 

On the question of the international side I think as I've said in previous meetings of all the opportunities we thought 
about PBM one of the most exciting we believe is the international opportunity. So we're clearly trying to expand that 
international opportunity. We've got a lot of work that's being done by the team in our PBM team to continue to try to 
improve that and I do feel that for example the Asia opportunity with the number of births that's going on in Asia and 
with the team really dedicated towards that opportunity we will continue to try to grow that business outside of the 
United States as well as gain store brand share in the United States as evidenced by my chart where it shows store 
brand infant formula is significantly outpacing the national brand. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Operator, we're hearing that there's a lot 
of feedback on the line. Are you hearing that as well? 

Operator 

I am. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Is there anything we can do about that? 
Is there anything we can do about that? 

Operator 

It's sounds very staticky at times – like are you moving the mic? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. Let's just keep going. Sorry. 

Operator 

Okay. Great. Are you ready for your next question? 


<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, please. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Frank Pinkerton with SunTrust. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We can hear you, Frank. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Hey. Just two sets of questions and the first one is can you give us a specific timing or range 
of date to close on the Paddock acquisition and then since you've had a little time there, possibility for any additional 
color on that specifically around the pipeline? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. I'll start and Judy you may want to 
add something. So going back to the comments, we expect Paddock will close during the current fiscal quarter, fiscal 
quarter four. We expect it to close in that June timeframe relative to where we are with it. As we've had time to spend 
with the Paddock team, we continue to be very impressed with the work the Paddock team has done and also we feel 
that the opportunity there for the 25 ANDAs pending approval will look to us to be a great opportunity for new product 
launches in our generic Rx space. So everything continues as planned, we're excited and we think as we've said before, 
it fits all of our deal criteria in terms of accretive to adjusted EPS, ROIC accretive in fiscal year 2013. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay. Great. And Judy, a question for you and this one may be a little far-fetched, but from a 
standpoint of [ph] for (34:07) you source your raw materials and other needs for the products, has the weakening dollar 
plus inflation been putting any pressure on margins and are there any kind of leverage points or trigger points we need 
to think about going forward if some of those trends continue where we should think about ultimately, you know, some 
negative impact? Thank you. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Great question. On a consolidated 
basis right now we are not seeing pressure to the margins. So the consolidated numbers that you're looking at on a 
net-net basis don't really have much in terms of impact because of that because of the way our consolidated business 
rolls up. Certainly however, on a line by line basis, on a business unit by business unit basis, certain areas of ordering 
are seeing some of that and so we have hedging programs in place to address specific currency positions and in areas 
where we can forecast buying, we are absolutely engaging in forward contracts to try to address that. On a go-forward 
basis we'll continue to be active in that vein. Again, because of the very broad diversity of our footprint and the broad 
diversity of our purchasing activities, we're not really overly exposed in any one area except for the sheqel, but we're 
again engaged in hedging to reflect that. 

So for the moment not a tremendous concern, but we're monitoring it closely and to the extent that it would become 
something that would be material enough to start being visible on a consolidated basis, we'd certainly be talking about 
that more and helping you be able to model it better in your own numbers. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: I'm disappointed I didn't hear anything on potential price increases. I know some branding – 
branded products, excuse me, have been taking either price increases and/or same price for smaller, lower amounts. Is 
that possible on the store brand side as long as you keep the ratio of discount approximate to help offset any potential 
margin problems? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think the answer to that is 
absolutely yes, Frank. We have talked about this in the past. In the store brand world we have been effectively able to 
at some places get price increases; some places from competitive reasons we had to take price decreases. But across our 
total book of business we think we've been able to keep our prices flat – flat I would probably say for right now. Flat is 
probably the best, if you're modeling it. But there are definitely places where we are getting some price increases in our 
business, the answer to that is definitely true. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Louise Chen with Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Hi. How are you? So just a few questions. First one just a follow-up on an earlier question with 
respect to the Chinese JV opportunity for PBM, or Asia opportunity. We've gotten a lot of questions on how to size this 
market opportunity and the mechanics behind how you would set something up. So is there any [audio gap] (36:53) just 
a little bit more color on this? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, it is an enormous opportunity, let's 
be clear, relative to the number of births in China versus the U.S. The number of births in China relative to the U.S. is 
three to four times the U.S. rate. So the clear increase in the number of births and the opportunity there. The second 
comment I offer is that we are continuing to talk to a number of potential partners. There is a high interest in putting 
together some type of a joint venture. By no means have we concluded anything at this time, however we clearly have a 
lot of interest in the joint ventures. But the market opportunity is a significant, certainly based on the absolute number 
of births and the rising number of births that are being seen, not only in China but across Asia. 

So we're working very hard on that. We do recognize it as being one of our top priorities for the Infant Formula 
business, both growing store-brand share in the United States clearly is part of it, but the Asia opportunity is the other 
part of it. And I don't want to probably give you any more specifics on exactly what the JV will be until we get that 
solidified; but it is the highest priority in terms of the international expansion, is the Asia opportunity. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: And maybe if I could just ask one more question on that, could it be as large as what you're seeing 
sort of in the North America market, in terms of what you're seeing now for PBM? Or a subset of that size? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, not immediately. I don't want 
anyone to think that immediately. But the number of births, if you think about the numbers in the United States for 
store-brand infant formula, store-brand infant formula has a single percentage point market share in the United States; 
and yet we do $200 million – ballpark $200 million of infant formula and food in the United States. So clearly it is a 
big opportunity with only a single-digit market share. If we can get similar market shares in China, it would be 
significantly higher; but I don't want anyone to think that's going to happen overnight. There's a lot of work that still 
needs to be done. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Okay. And then my second question is now that you've got this warning letter behind you, what 
kind of operating efficiencies have you put in place in trying to resolve that letter and will there be any sort of positive 
earnings impact over time from this, maybe as early as fiscal 2012 or is it going to take a little longer to kind of get 
that? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Well, as I stated in my comments 
getting, resolving the warning letter was absolute my first priority for this current fiscal year. It really was critical; as 
I've stated on these calls from the first day I joined Perrigo, I believe quality is the most important priority for any 
pharmaceutical company and getting the warning letter resolved in less than one year and getting it resolved the first 
time through the FDA re-inspection, we feel was a great achievement and we're delighted with it. 

Having said that, there's still more that we need to do. Part of it is really based on the continuous improvement process 
that we are executing on and that goes to things like cleaning validation. How do we continually improve our cleaning 
validation? The FDA has looked at how we do cleaning, they certainly believe it to be acceptable and now we've got to 
continue to validate the number of times, the number of batches we can run between when we do cleaning validations. 
So there's a whole series of continues improvement. I use cleaning as simply a singular example but there's a whole 
series of continuous improvement programs we are working on to ensure that we will continue to improve our 
efficiency, especially in the Allegan site and I think Judy mentioned that also in her comments. So we are continuing to 
work on it. It's only been a couple weeks now since we've got this resolved but we will certainly make that a very 
important priority for us in the future. 


<Q - Louise Chen>: Okay, and the one last quick question, you had mentioned you think Dr. Reddy's being in the 
market with Allegra being very aggressive. I don't think you mentioned them by name but I'm assuming that's who you 
were mentioning. And, how does that compare relative to Zyrtec and Prilosec, which I think they were also in the 
market as well, is it a similar kind of dynamics where you still keep majority share, or is it something different this 
time? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I don't want everyone talking 
about any individual company. In the case though of Zyrtec we had, I think it was six additional competitors, or six 
competitors plus ourselves. In the fexofenadine or Allegra market there's one other competitor, albeit aggressive 
competitor. So you know I don't know how I can really give you more color on that. It's really something that we're 
continuing to look at. We like what we see in terms of our ability to put together a turnkey program for the retailers. 
That's certainly very important. I think as you may know, that the one other competitor at this time has a legal court 
case underway, the status of which is unclear to us. We don't have any visibility to that but I do know that court case 
could change the market dynamics if, for example, they were excluded from the market in the future. 

I can't say which direction that's going to go. And I don't want to make anyone believe I know anything there. It really 
is unclear as to how that court case will play out. But we're excited. The important other point I have to say though is I 
don't control the manufacturing of the tablet or the API which is different than cetirizine where I did control that so I 
had more capabilities to influence that. In this case I'm working with a very good partner. But I don't control it. But at 
the end of the day we still believe we will get the majority share. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks. And good morning, Joe and Judy. Just a couple of follow ups; first I heard 
you talk a lot about the Paddock acquisition. Did you also talk about the accretion and if there's been any change to 
your expectations on that front? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, Randall, we did not talk about any 
changes in the accretion of Paddock Labs. We still feel very good about it. We think they continue to make good 
progress in the time period since we announced the transaction on gaining new product approval. But we've made no 
changes relative to the accretion for adjusted EPS or GAAP EPS or the ROIC. We continue to feel they meet all those 
deal criteria but have not changed any numbers. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Great. And then just two follow ups on the consumer business. One's mechanical with 
respect there's been a lot of questions on Allegra this morning. Can you just talk about how that's going to be 
recognized? Is it going to be you booking all top line and paying out a royalty out of gross profit, just so we understand 
how it flows through the P&L? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. And in this particular product 
the mechanics are fairly straightforward. We are not on as complicated of a delay, lag cycle as we have been in the past 
on some Rx products where we have to wait to get back the flow through on customer program accruals. So it is set up 
more similar to what you'd be calling like a royalty agreement. So in the fourth quarter as sales are made to our third 
party retailers we have a fairly straightforward calculation with our partner on getting to the net profitability and we'll 
be recording that right in the fourth quarter. So you won't have a 90-day lag as is the case in some instances with Rx 
products. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: But, Judy, just to be clear relative to the top line for the sales of that product is that flowing 
through Perrigo? 


<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The sales for that product are Perrigo 
sales. Yes. That is correct. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So we book sales. Yes. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Correct. We book sales and we will 
then pay to our partner their share of a portion of profitability. So gross profit will reflect our sharing of the profits with 
our partner. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Perfect. And then, Joe, is it fair to say that relative to some of the gains you've been 
picking up from J&J that that's been fairly consistent this quarter with what we've seen the last couple? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I would say that is consistent as 
we stated going back now almost a year, the opportunity that we saw in the J&J challenges was approximately $100 
million opportunity. And we did not have sufficient capacity to shift all of that, so we've been saying somewhere in the 
range of – we can ship approximately half of that. So somewhere in the range on an annual basis of approximately $50 
million or about $12.5 million per quarter. That is continuing to be the expectation. As to when J&J will return, I think 
that's still open for – as an open question. We, from our point of view, tend to be conservative. We'll pick it up 
approximately one quarter at a time relative to our expectations of when J&J will return to the market. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. That's helpful. And then my last question. Something that's been a huge earnings 
driver for you guys has been your ability to find deals and specifically accretive deals. How are you thinking right 
now? And I know we talked about this last quarter and in between, but how are you thinking about the deal landscape 
right now, and specifically, your appetite? And then perhaps, are there any specific areas where you're more focused 
right now? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Good question. First and foremost, 
let me just back up a little bit on your question. I feel very good about Perrigo's ability to find accretive opportunities, 
accretive to ROIC, which is our hurdle that we look at. However, the best part of the situation is that we do not feel we 
need to do deals in terms of growth rate. We feel we've got a strong organic growth rate, to which if we find an 
appropriate deal, it will simply just supplement the opportunities for our shareholders. So we feel we're coming at it 
from a point – position of strength. 

Relative to the areas that we have stated we are interested in, it continues to be to add adjacent categories to the 
Consumer Healthcare store brand business; that by far and away is our biggest business. It continues to be looking at 
geographic expansion of our Consumer Healthcare store brand business, because we believe the need for quality 
affordable healthcare products is not only a U.S. event, but a worldwide event. And we want to continue to look for 
international growth opportunities. And as appropriate, if we find an opportunity within the generic Rx space like the 
Paddock acquisition, we feel that can also help us. But once again, we're not trying to compete and be a generic 
company in the multi-source products of oral solids. We really are focusing on what we would call extended topicals or 
niche products in the generic space. So those really continue to be our specific category areas of high interest to us. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Got it. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Elliot Wilbur with Needham & Company. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Thanks, Joe. Maybe just as a corollary to that question and your response, perhaps a little bit 
further down the road in terms of thinking about additional growth avenues for the company, I guess maybe given, in 
light of the recent announced sale by Glaxo of some older, established brands, would it be – do you think, anyway, sort 
of maybe too far outside of Perrigo's power alley to consider moving into some older established store brand products, 
where you don't necessarily need a lot of dollars spent in terms of building brand identity? 


<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You're referring to the branded Glaxo 
[indiscernible] (48:47)? 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Correct. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say that is something that we 
constantly reevaluate with our Board. We always look at where are the next good opportunities from a strategic 
investment point of view. 

At this time, we have not chosen to go into the branded space, either on the pharmaceutical space or the OTC space. 
However, it's something we will continue to look at and evaluate. 

If there's an opportunity there, we clearly believe – so if I pick up on your comment specific to Consumer Healthcare – 
we clearly believe we have the great relationships with the retailers that one would need to be successful. We clearly 
believe that we know how to put together programs to launch products and/or increase promotions on products. We 
would need some expertise to supplement on the marketing side. But we clearly think we have many of the important 
criteria for being successful. 

But at this point, to be clear, we have not made the strategic decision to go into brands. But it is something we will 
continue to evaluate especially in the Consumer Healthcare side. Because we do think there's some interesting 
opportunities there, especially with the portfolio of formulations we have that essentially cover from A to Z all of the 
over the counter drugs that are in the marketplace. 

So we're continuing to look, but at this time it's not something we've made a decision to join in that branded space. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And then I have a question for Judy as well. I guess with respect to some of the 
quantitative metrics specifically on the Nutritional segment. 

It looks like you raised your gross margin guidance by roughly 100 – or excuse me, lowered gross margin guidance by 
roughly 100 basis points but kept operating margin guidance unchanged. I'm sort of wondering what the offset is. Is it 
actually something you're doing more offensively to address the margin compression or is it just perhaps more of a mix 
issue? 

And then as a follow-up to that, you talked about sort of SKU rationalization and the non-PBM Nutritional business. 
And usually that's something that's done sort of sacrificing revenue for additional margin. And that doesn't seem to be 
the dynamic that's currently taking place. And I just wondered if you could comment on that. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I will take the second half of 
your question first. It's fresh in my mind. 

Specific to the vitamins, minerals and supplements business that's part of the Nutritional segment, if you were to look – 
go back the last two quarters, you'd see that year-to-date, the business has been effective in rationalizing the SKUs and 
improving overall margins. 

So this particular quarter, the mix dynamic was such that the gross margins saw a bit of compression year over year. 
But year-to-date, there's a marked change on both the growth and operating side for that product category. 

So as we've been saying, trying to focus on overall improvement. If we're going to be in the business, we may take a 
topline hit, but we want to see the bottom-line improvement. And we have seen that year-to-date, and we expect that to 
continue for the full year numbers on BMS as well. 

If you step back and look at the PBM specific Infant Formula business and the slight decrease in overall margin that I 
guided for the full year. It's planning for some specific production activity that's going to be going on in the fourth 
quarter, some transformation work that's going to be happening, that we're planning for and is built into our 
expectations. And knowing that and planning for it appropriately, being able to manage operating expenses overall, to 
still be able to be consistent with our operating margins, and being able to deliver the bottom line number that we had 
planned to for the full year. 


So as Joe has talked about for all of our categories, continuing to keep an eye on the commodity and raw material 
horizon, and that's – being able to build that into our overall pricing strategies, as well as some of the pricing 
opportunities that still exist within Infant Formula, as we bring new products to the market, which are in fact planned 
for the next 12 to 18 months rolling forward. 

So we're not looking right now at some dramatic change in our margin expectations going forward. Obviously we'll be 
talking about more detailed business segment by business segment in August. But that is not some specific harbinger of 
a change or a shift in the wind to Infant Formula at all. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: And final question for either or both of you. The company obviously this year has enjoyed 
incredibly strong topline momentum and sequential bottom-line momentum. And in thinking about the fourth quarter, 
you have the benefit of Paddock for some period, the launch of Allegra. Arguably a lower tax rate, at least relative to 
the numbers in the first half of the year. 

Trying to figure out what has to not go right so that – I mean it seems like the low end of earnings per share guidance is 
very unlikely to be attained. And I can't figure out what we may be missing that would suggest that numbers would 
come in anywhere close to sort of the low end implied in your revised full-year expectations? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Look, Elliott, I understand your question. 
I think how do we look at it? We feel very comfortable with our numbers and have confidence. 

Why? I mean if you look at what's happening in the business: number one, OTC store brand gains continue to go 
forward, as evidenced by the chart, in terms of where OTC store brand utilization is. 

Number two, we have resolved our warning letter, so we feel very good about resolution of the warning letter, and I 
think getting it resolved in one year, or less than one year, was a very significant achievement. And I thank the team 
that did it. 

Number three, new products. Both in this year but also over the next five years, we expect there to be $10 billion plus 
products that will come into the store brand world, predominantly the proton pump inhibitors, but also you're seeing 
some great numbers on the Rx and API side. We added Paddock's; we increased some capacity this summer. 

So we feel very good about our future. We're very excited about it. I don't really want to talk about any specific quarter. 
But as we look to the future, we feel very confident in our ability to continue to grow this business. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: All right. Thank you for taking the questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sumant Kulkarni with Bank of America. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sumant? 

Operator 

Sumant, your line is open. 

<Q - Sumant Kulkarni>: Yes. Hi. Sorry about that. You mentioned that the FDA process limited your throughput. 
Now that the process is behind you, how would you expect that to change your ability to capitalize on competitive 
issues going forward? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Really what happened – I'll use an 
example where we, in the past, the FDA asked us to improve our validation on cleaning as an example, and we have 
stepped back and done cleaning more frequently in our process. And that's something that we have validated. 


And now we will continue to validate with – in expanding the amount of batches between cleaning. So as we continue 
to improve or put continuous improvement projects together that help us to be more efficient, that is part of what we 
will see. 

To be clear, though, as Judy specified and I specified, we did increase the actual head counts of quality individuals, 
labor costs, incrementally during the year as a result of trying to ensure that we have quality products each and every 
time. And that's something that will be with us going into the future. 

But we do think there is significant, continuous improvement projects that will help us to improve the efficiency of our 
organization and get greater output from mostly the Allegan, Michigan site, but from really, for Perrigo around the 
world. 

<Q - Sumant Kulkarni>: And on the prescription generic side, are there any major launches that you have accounted 
for in the guidance for the year – for this year? Specifically, when do you expect to launch generic DUAC? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. DUAC, we are not expecting in 
the current fiscal year. We do expect that we will get approval for the DUAC some time in the next, say – let's just say 
six to 12 months. However, we are not – it's not currently in our numbers for this quarter. 

The only other launch that we expect is a June 15th launch of Nasacort, although because as Judy specified how we 
deal with the Rx programs, it is in at a very minimal first month launch in our current fiscal year ending June 30th. It – 
so it's a very small number this quarter. The majority of it will be experienced in the next fiscal year. 

<Q - Sumant Kulkarni>: Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Operator, I think we have time for one 
more question. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of David Buck with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. A couple of brief ones. 

First on PBM, can you just give what the year-over-year growth would have been in that segment? And how much was 
from international? 

Secondly, if I look at consumer health, Joe, you had a nice step up from the prior quarter. Can you talk about how much 
of that might have been from the cough/cold season comparisons, and how much of the sales were held back by still the 
throughput issues that you saw? 

And then finally on the Rx business, is there anything that led to the sequential drop in terms of pricing or competitors 
coming back to the market? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. You had a couple of different 
questions in different directions. Let me just start. 

Approximately 20% of the sales for PBM were from the international side. And that's been fairly consistent since the 
time we acquired the business. So approximately 20% is international sales. 

Really, as we look to the future, that's where we see some growth opportunities for PBM to be clear. One is, number 
one, the biggest opportunity we see is international, especially in Asia. And number two is just driving store brand 
share and introducing new store brand products into the U.S. market is the number two area. But international, 
approximately 20% of the business. 

On the consumer healthcare side, indeed our throughput did go up, both versus a year ago and sequentially. It went up 
approximately 15% versus a year ago. This is the tablet side, which is really the major constraint we had. It went up 


about 15%. We had some in liquid but that one's pretty much resolved. 

But 15% on the tablet side, and it went up about 10% versus quarter two. So it gives you some sense of our output from 

– and that's predominantly focused on our Michigan location, which is the primary source of our tablets and liquids. 
So that was the question. It has gone up. How can we continue to improve it? That's just going to be continuous 
improvement process. 

What I always put as I look to any new budget is I put a new hurdle for the team to look at where are the continuous 
improvement projects, and how can we execute on continuous improvement to improve our efficiency and get greater 
throughput through our facility to meet the world's need for quality affordable products. That will be consistent with 
what we will do for our fiscal year '12. 

And then I think the final question was on the Rx side. We feel very good about what's happening in the Rx side as 
evidenced by the performance of that business. It clearly has done incredibly well when you're talking about looking at 
the Rx business being up 66% on the sales line, up 77% on the operating income line versus a year ago. So continuing 
strong performance there. And Judy you may want to add some other comments. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And, David, maybe the question was 
around was there pressure on gross margin, I believe was your inquiry. 

Sequentially actually the margins have improved year-over-year. The gross margin in this quarter and last quarter, there 
was gross margin pressure because of the relative mix of Aldara authorized generic, which carried with it a lower gross 
margin. But as we're selling now relatively more of our own vertically integrated imiquimod into the portfolio, you'll 
see sequentially the gross margins have improved from last quarter as more of that product is our own product. 

<Q - David Buck>: Sure. Yeah. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Otherwise pricing has been good in 
that business unit. The mix has been stable. That's the main driver of the year-over-year change in gross margin in Rx. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay, actually the question was more on the sales drop sequentially. The question was whether 
you are seeing some of the competitors come back into the market who had been out of the market. The dip down in Rx 
sequentially. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think those are just probably just – I 
don't think there's anything major there. I think it's just some timing questions or other things. I don't think there's 
anything major there, David. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm not worried about that. 

<Q - David Buck>: If I could sneak one in, just the PBM year-over-year growth? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm sorry? PBM year-over-year growth, 
do you have that number? It was 


<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: [indiscernible] (1:02:45). 

<Q - David Buck>: I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you, Judy. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: There were no PBM sales in the third 
fiscal quarter of 2010. We closed on that acquisition April 30th of last year. 

<Q - David Buck>: Understood. I guess, what would it have been – what was the growth versus the prior ownership? 
$81 million compares to what? 


<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't have the exact number, but it's got 
to be over 10%. Because I know we had forecasted a $300 million business, which was about 10% run rate and this – 
during the quarter we did the $81 million of sales. 

So it's got to be probably in the – I don't have the exact number, David, but it's got to be over 10% because it's 
exceeding our expectations there. 

<Q - David Buck>: Great. Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Operator, thank you very much 


Operator 

This concludes the question-and-answer portion. I would now like to turn the call back to Joe Papa for any closing 
remarks. 

Joseph C. Papa, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Well, thank you everyone. Thank you very much for joining us today. Thank you for your interest in Perrigo. We look 
forward to continuing to improve our organization, find operational efficiency and continue to focus on quality, 
affordable healthcare products. Thank you very much for your attention and interest in Perrigo. Have a great day. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


