Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Arthur J. Shannon, Vice President – Investor Relations and Communications 
• Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Frank Pinkerton 
• Jon Andersen 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Louise Chen 
• Linda Bolton-Weiser 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• David Buck 
• Randall Stanicky 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, my name is Maria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Perrigo's Fiscal 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After 
the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Shannon, 
you may begin your conference. 

Arthur J. Shannon, Vice President – Investor Relations and Communications 

Thank you very much, Maria. Welcome to Perrigo's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. I hope you all had 
a chance to review our press release, which we issued earlier this morning. A copy of the press release is available on 
our Web site at perrigo.com. Also on our Web site is a slide presentation for this call. 

Before we proceed with the call, I'd like to remind everyone that the Safe Harbor language contained in today's press 
release also pertains to this conference call. Certain statements in the call are forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and are subject to the Safe Harbor created 
thereby. Please see the cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements on Page 1 of the company's Form 10-K 
for the year ended June 26, 2010. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Perrigo's Chairman and CEO, Joe Papa. Joe? 

Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Art, and welcome everyone to Perrigo's Second Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me 
today is Judy Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. For our agenda today, I'll provide a brief 
perspective on the quarter. Next Judy will walk through the detailed financials and the increase in our fiscal 2011 


guidance. Then I will give you an update on our new product portfolio, our recent announcement of the acquisition of 
Paddock Laboratories and comments on the second half of the year. Also, I will give you an update regarding the 
progress to resolve the FDA warning letter, at our Allegan, Michigan site. This will be followed by an opportunity for 
Q&A. 

Now let's discuss the quarter. We had a record second quarter net sales of approximately $718 million, up 23% over 
last year, plus record adjusted operating income, up 39% from last year. In addition, our consolidated adjusted 
operating margin from continuing operation was a record 20.2%, driven primarily by strong gross margin expansion 
and increased operating expense leverage and you can see Slide 3 for the summary of the results. 

Our Consumer Healthcare unit had an all time record second quarter sales of $430 million. It was up 3% from Q2 fiscal 
year '10, despite a strong Q2 and fiscal year '10 comparison from the early H1N1-driven flu season last year. The 
performance was primarily driven by $17 million in new product sales and the acquisition of Orion. The continued 
recalls of national brand analgesics have helped our business, but production constraints from last summer, especially 
during July, August and September 2010, left us unable to build sufficient inventory to meet all of the demand for the 
current seasonal cough/cold products. 

Our OTC business is performing well but growth in quarter two, fiscal year '11 was limited by the processing 
improvements we took to remediate the issue raised in the FDA warning letter limiting our manufacturing throughput. I 
talked about this last quarter, so I don't want to be redundant, but this is a short-term pressure. Current production units 
are now back at fiscal year '10 output levels and we expect more normalized production levels to continue. 

Looking at Slide 4, the overall OTC consumer market was relatively flat versus last year with national brands down 
over 4% but store brands gained nearly 14% on the strength of new product launches, national brand recalls and 
increased market share. The Analgesic category was obviously impacted by recalls at a branded OTC competitor. 
However, all of the individual store brand categories were up. Please note that this data represents the last 52 weeks of 
IRI activity. 

Our Rx business segment had another very strong quarter as it continued to execute ahead of our expectations. Rx net 
sales of approximately $98 million increased 72% and adjusted operating income grew 70% versus last year. This 
strength came from new product sales of $31 million led by the authorized generic of Aldara, the generic version of 
Xyzal and the generic version Evoclin along with increased sales in the Rx-based business. 

The Nutritional segment, which includes infant formulas, vitamin and mineral supplements, and oral electrolyte 
solutions, exceeded our expectations due to a strong performance in the Infant Formula business. Net sales in 
Nutritionals in the second quarter were $133 million, with adjusted operating income of $26 million. PBM sales 
continue to surpass our original expectations from the announcement of our acquisition in March of 2010. The net sales 
were helped by a branded competitor's national recall of infant formula. 

The brand was able to get back in the market within weeks. However, we were able to gain shelf space and additional 
sales. It's too early to determine how much of the additional market share we will be able to retain but we are very 
pleased with the consumer response to our infant formula. 

We are also pleased to announce that during the quarter we received clearance to market and distribute lactose-free 
infant formula in Canada. The total Infant Formula business is growing in Canada and we expect strong sales for the 
lactose-free product there. 

Our API segment continues to perform well, driven by strong European sales of temozolomide during the quarter. API 
sales of $40 million in the quarter were up 14% versus fiscal year '10. These results allow us to raise our expected 
guidance for fiscal year '11 from $3.60 to $3.75 to our new guidance range of $3.75 to $3.90. I'm sure we will all have 
plenty of questions about our updated fiscal 2011 guidance and our market share gains but first, let me turn it over to 
Judy to talk through the additional details. Judy? 

Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 


Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. As you just heard, we had a strong quarter. On a consolidated basis our 
results have outperformed our expectations and therefore, I'll be providing revised earnings guidance for the remainder 
of the year in a few minutes. But first, I'll give you a brief review of our fiscal 2011 second quarter results. I'd like to 
remind you that my comments today are focused exclusively on results from continuing operations. 

As you can see on Slide 5, we had strong year-over-year growth this quarter on a consolidated basis. The net sales 
strength was driven primarily by the acquisitions of PBM and Orion, which added approximately $93 million and 
consolidated new product sales of $53 million. That growth was partially offset by decreases in sales of certain existing 
products which I'll explain in more detail in a few minutes. 

This top line net sales performance translated to both expansion in gross profit and gross margin. Operating margin 
expanded even further due to operating expense leverage. 

On Slide 6, you'll see that we have excluded two items, including deal-related amortization from our analysis of the 
adjusted operating basis financials for the second quarter of fiscal 2011 and two items from the second quarter of fiscal 
2010. You may view the reconciliation from the reported GAAP numbers to our adjusted non-GAAP numbers in the 
appendices of this slide presentation and our press release. 

Now I'll take you through the rest of this financial analysis based on adjusted results from continuing operations. On 
Slide 7, you can see we had strong year-over-year growth and adjusted consolidated gross profit driven primarily by the 
acquisition of PBM, new product sales in both Rx and DPI and record sales of Analgesics in our Consumer Healthcare 
business. The higher relative margin mix of those products also drove adjusted gross margin expansion. This is despite 
the margin pressure related to the structure of our partnership for the authorized generic of Aldara, in which we 
recognize all of the sales, but keep only a percentage of the profit. 

Also, please note that our adjusted gross margin includes the effect of additional investments in quality related to the 
FDA warning letter remediation activity. Our performance this quarter translated into a record $1.05 adjusted diluted 
earnings per share from continuing operations. 

Now let's move on to the business segments, looking to Slide 8 and our Consumer Healthcare segment first. Net sales 
growth was driven by a $24 million increase in existing product sales, primarily in Analgesics and Smoking Cessation, 
approximately $10 million in new product sales and approximately $7 million from the acquisition of Orion. That 
growth was offset by a $27 million year-over-year decline in existing product sales, primarily in the cough/cold, 
gastrointestinal and contract manufacturing categories. 

You may recall that the cough/cold category had an enormous surge in demand in the second fiscal quarter last year as 
the impact of the H1N1 outbreak was felt in the October/November timeframe whereas this year's flu season started 
later. However, overall our core base business is performing well despite the throughput pressures in manufacturing 
and we continue to experience record demand for our products. 

The decline in adjusted gross profit was largely due to increased investments and spending related to quality control, 
assurance and supervision as well as some inventory rework. At the same time Consumer Healthcare experienced lower 
manufacturing efficiencies due to production process redesign activities, which were actively underway in the quarter. 
However, those costs were partially offset by a positive impact from higher gross profit, new product sales and the 
acquisition of Orion. Those increased investments in quality control-related processes, combined with higher 
investments in R&D and consumer research, resulted in the year-over-year decline in adjusted operating margin in 
Consumer Healthcare you see here. 

On Slide 9, you can see that our new Nutritionals segment had a strong quarter, befitting from retail demand for our 
infant nutrition products and one-time gains resulting from challenges at a competitor infant formula. The new PBM 
business was the main driver of the net sales increase, adding $86 million to this segment in the quarter. The new sales 
were partially offset by a year-over-year decrease in net sales of vitamins, mineral and dietary supplement products as 
we continue our efforts around SKU rationalization. The adjusted gross margin improvement was driven by both the 
acquisition of PBM and by year-over-year improvements in the margin in VMS. 


On Slide 10, you can see that our Rx business continued along the strong growth trajectory we have seen over the last 
several quarters. Net sales growth was driven by new product sales, primarily the generic versions of Aldara, Evoclin 
and the recently launched Xyzal. Adjusted gross profit for the quarter was strong compared to last year due to the 
success of new product sales as well as the improvements in pricing. You'll notice, however, a decrease in the adjusted 
gross margin attributed mainly to the financial structure of our authorized generic partnership with Graceway 
Pharmaceuticals for Imiquimod cream, the generic version of Aldara. 

Next, looking at the API segment on Slide 11. The 14% net sales growth was driven by new product sales of 
Temozolomide in Europe which were enhanced due to a product recall and the continued inability to ship products 
from the only other generic supplier for this product. European Temozolomide sales were also the main driver of the 
expansion in adjusted gross margin. This, combined with decreased expenses following the sale of our former German 
operation, helped drive the relative increase in adjusted operating margin this quarter. 

Now some quick highlights on the balance sheet. Excluding cash and current investments, working capital from 
continuing operations was $448 million at the end of the quarter, up from $343 million at this time last year. The 
increase was primarily related to the acquisitions of PBM and Orion, timing of sales in the quarter and inventory 
supplies on hand. 

Cash flow from operations for the second quarter was a strong $129 million. End of December 25th, 2010 total current 
and long-term debt on the face of the balance sheet was $891 million. This is down from $1.34 billion at the end of 
fiscal 2010 primarily as a result of the close out of the $400 million back-to-back loan, which had been in place since 
2005. Excluding cash and cash equivalents, our net debt to total capital at the end of our second quarter fiscal 2011 was 
36.6%. This quarter, we also paid approximately $6.5 million in dividends or $0.07 per share. 

Now I'd like to discuss our updated earnings outlook for fiscal 2011. As a reminder, our earnings outlook is based on 
adjusted financials from continuing operations, which exclude deal-related amortization as well as certain 
acquisition-related charges. 

First, looking to our consolidated projections on Slide 12. For fiscal 2011, we are now estimating adjusted diluted 
earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $3.75 and $3.90, an increase of 24% to 29% compared to 
fiscal 2010's $3.03. 

Looking to our segment, we continue to anticipate strong demand for our products in our Consumer Healthcare 
segment. However, given the throughput pressures we experienced in the first half of the fiscal year, we expect revenue 
growth to be at the lower end of the 7% to 9% range we had projected in November. However, please note this 
excludes any contribution for the potential launch of Fexofenadine, the generic version of Allegra. This growth rate 
includes an assumption that the competitive dynamics created by challenges faced by a large branded competitor 
continue to our third fiscal quarter. That said, we continue to expect full year fiscal 2011 adjusted gross margins in 
Consumer Healthcare to be between 32% and 33%, and adjusted operating margins to be between 18% and 19%. 

In our new Nutritional segment, we reiterate our previous guidance and expect sales to be nearly double that of fiscal 
2010 full year sales, and expect fiscal 2011 adjusted gross margin of between 34% and 36% and adjusted operating 
margin of between 18% and 19%. In Rx, we are now expecting top line growth of over 35% compared to fiscal 2010 
driven primarily by strong new products. We expect Rx adjusted gross margin to be in a range of 47% and 49% and 
adjusted operating margin to be in the range of 35% and 37% given the first half fiscal year performance and our 
outlook for the second half. 

In our API segment, we now expect a slight increase in top line sales compared to fiscal 2010 due primarily to strong 
European sales of temozolomide and our expectation for this product's dynamics in the second half of the fiscal year. 
We continue to expect API adjusted gross margin to be in a range of 44% to 46% and, due to productivity 
improvements, we now expect adjusted operating margin to be in a range of 24% to 26%. 

Summing everything up, back at the consolidated P&L level on Slide 13. We continue to estimate that consolidated net 
sales growth will be in a range of 20% to 23% over fiscal 2010. We anticipate this increase will be driven by 
acquisitions, new product sales of over $180 million and growth in our base business. We now estimate adjusted 


consolidated gross margin will be between 35% and 36%, which includes incremental costs related to our efforts to 
resolve the FDA warning letter. This then translates into an expected adjusted consolidated operating margin range of 
between 19% and 20%. 

Lastly, note that we are now using an effective worldwide tax rate from continuing operations of approximately 27%, 
down from our previous expectations due to changes in some statutory tax rates and timing of tax planning initiatives. 
This consolidated guidance assumes a mid-fiscal fourth quarter close of the Paddock acquisition. 

As we noted on January 20th, the timing of this transaction's closing is dependant upon regulatory approval. While we 
do not expect the review process to be prolonged, we have modeled our expectations prudently and assumed Paddock 
results will contribute only minimally to adjusted operating earnings in 2011. In total, this brings us to an estimate of 
adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of between $3.75 and $3.90. We continue to expect cash 
flow from operations to between $350 million and $380 million for the full year fiscal 2011. 

We are focused on execution during our fiscal third and fourth quarter. At the same time, we are looking forward to a 
successful close of the Paddock acquisition and preparing our teams for that integration. The next months will be busy, 
but ones which we feel will further solidify our foundation for continued growth. 

Now let me turn it back to Joe. 

Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Judy. Now that Judy has given you all the details from the quarter, I'd like to talk about our increased earnings 
guidance and how we came to that expected range. We had a very strong first half of the year. Record quarter two 
adjusted operating margin of 20.2% and record earnings, along with continued strong demand for our products in 
almost every segment, give me the confidence to raise our forecasted earnings guidance. And just to reiterate, this new 
guidance does not include any contribution from the Rx to OTC switch for Allegra. 

Now let me talk about the Allegra launch timing. Our partner is working very hard to obtain the necessary approvals. 
While it is impossible to predict when it will obtain those approvals, we expect to launch this product some time 
between March and the end of May. In other words, while we expect some contributions in fiscal 2011, the bulk of the 
contributions will come in fiscal 2012 and beyond. 

Halfway through fiscal year 2011, we've been very busy. Just 12 days ago, we announced the acquisition of the assets 
of Paddock Laboratories. We are very excited about this transaction. Acquiring Paddock Labs meets all of our deal 
criteria. First, we expect it to be accretive to return on invested capital in fiscal 2013, our second full year of ownership. 
Additionally, we expect it to be accretive to both GAAP and adjusted operating earnings in the first full fiscal year 
2012. 

Looking forward, the company's organic growth will continue, with plans to bring more than 50 new products to the 
market this fiscal year, adding more than $180 million in new product sales. You see Slide 14 for OTC expected new 
launches during fiscal year '11. 

Our generic Rx segment continues to outperform driven by base business growth and strong new product introductions 
as indicated on Slide Number 15, and strong European sales of temozolomide continue to drive our API segment. 

Quality continues to be our highest priority at Perrigo. The FDA is appropriately continually raising quality standards 
by globally to ensure the highest product safety for patients. We are investing the necessary resources and making the 
incremental investments in quality to go beyond the FDA's expectations. We plan to get the warning letter remediated 
as expeditiously as possible and look forward to the FDA's re-inspection of our Allegan facility in the near future. 
When the FDA arrives in Allegan, Michigan for the re-inspection, we will issue a simple announcement to inform 
everyone. While we do not normally issue a release on FDA inspections, we want to keep you informed regarding the 
status of this issue. 


Once the issue is resolved, we will be even stronger than before. We are optimistic and excited about our future. We are 
working together with our retailers to meet the demand from consumers for all of our products. Perrigo is the right 
company, at the right time, in the right place to meet the world's growing needs for quality, affordable health care 
products. 

Now, let's open up the lines, operator, to take our questions. Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Frank Pinkerton of SunTrust. Please pose 
your question. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Hi. Great. Can you hear me? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. We can. Thank you, Frank. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Hey, good. Thanks for taking the question. First, you mentioned at the end on timing for, or 
potentially upcoming timing for the review of the Allegan facility. Can you break down or give us any color on cost 
that might have been incurred in the last quarter? And what are those maybe one-time preparatory versus ongoing costs 
to think about the operating profitability of the Consumer Health division? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well, I'll start, and Judy, you may 
want to add to this as well. As we look at this, we've stated previously that we expected that the cost to continually 
invest in this area was going to be somewhere in that $10 million to $15 million range. However, in a given quarter, it 
probably is – and that included both the expense for increased quality oversight as well as consultants, as well as some 
capital. As we look forward to the quarter, the range was somewhere in that $5 million type of activity in terms of the 
range of the opportunity at what we invested in quality. Judy, I don't know if there's any further you want to comment 
on? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Just in general, as we were looking at 
it from an effect on gross margin potential. Approximately, I'd say overall the impact of the remediation activities and 
what's been going on has been about a 400 basis point change in adjusted gross margin in Consumer Healthcare. But on 
an ongoing basis, if you're thinking about modeling the impact in the Consumer Healthcare dollar sense, you're looking 
at ongoing costs somewhere in the $5 million to $7 million range on an ongoing basis, just in terms of additional head 
count and folks that have been hired, since there's additional process steps have just cost some more dollars on a 
go-forward basis. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay. Great, and then just could you give any more color as we look at the Nutritional 
business? If my math is correct, you've cut somewhere around $14 million of sales on the Vitamin side, and you said 
through discontinuing some product lines. What is the overall plan there? It seems PBM's doing great and the rest of 
that business may be lagging. Can you give us any guideline on the other businesses there in Nutrition? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well, we continue to always look 
at our business to assess the growth opportunities and the opportunity for continued operating margin. What we've 
stated going back a year or plus ago is that there were some places there where were needed to discontinued products 
because they did not generate sufficient margin opportunities for us. And indeed, we did that, and that was some of the 
product that Judy mentioned in terms of our discontinuation. 

As we look to the future, we'll always continually evaluate our opportunities across all of our business. I think you 
know we use a return on invested capital model to continually look at does the product fit strategically and does it also 
fit from a financial return on invested capital. We do believe that this opportunity to continue to build the Nutritional 
business with the core being the Infant Formula, but also the opportunities in Vitamin, Mineral Supplement helps us a 


couple different ways, not just simply from the sales to the retail customers but on a couple other areas in terms of 
procurement of raw materials et cetera. So right now, it continues to be an important part of our business, but one that 
we continue to reevaluate. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay, Joe. And final question, one for you. You're kind of sitting on top of the organization 
looking down at all the different silos in the business. As investors, one of the things that we always try to determine is 
what is each of the businesses appropriately valued. I think a lot of people see Perrigo as a consumer company, but as 
you look as a percentage of sales or percentage of profits, definitely things like generic pharmaceuticals have been 
playing a bigger role. Can you talk to us about when you look at these different segments, how you think of allocating 
capital? And more importantly, how you think of the business and sustainability of these businesses? And should one 
be favored over the other once we get past say the Paddock acquisition and move into '12? Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's a great question. Certainly, as we 
look at the business and I've looked at this now going on for it's been about a little over four years I've been a part of it, 
first and foremost, Perrigo is a Consumer Healthcare store-brand private-label company with the acquisition, of course, 
with the Infant Formula business. That added even more business that we have that falls under what I would call 
store-brand private-label Consumer Healthcare business. So first and foremost, with 80-plus percent of our business 
that is where our origin exists and where we are most consistently deploying resources and capital. 

However, in areas like the Rx business, we saw significant opportunity that fit with us strategically when we looked at 
Paddle – I'm sorry, perhaps Paddle was our name for it, Paddock Laboratories was the product acquisition that we 
talked about. We found a specific target that fit with us in terms of what we refer to as a specialty niche generic 
opportunity, one where we're going after what we would call extended topicals, or also they have controlled substances 
that fit so well with what we are trying to do and it was a chance to add some critical mass to our Rx business. 

But I would be clear in saying that our core business still is Consumer Healthcare, store-brand, private-label driven, 
where we can seek to find opportunities that fit our strategy and also pass a return on invested capital hurdle. We will 
look to add those, but the majority of our goals for future growth are looking at adjacent categories in the Consumer 
Healthcare business, also geographic expansion of Consumer Healthcare are really the two areas that we're going to 
focus the majority of our efforts and capital for the future. Rx is a great business. We're very proud of what the team 
has accomplished, and we will opportunistically look for opportunities there, but our focus is Consumer Healthcare. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Jon Andersen of William Blair. Please pose your question. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Good morning. Thanks, everyone. 

<A - Arthur J. Shannon, Vice President – Investor Relations and Communications>: Morning. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Morning. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: I was wondering, Joe, if you could talk a little bit more about the Sanofi's approval to switch 
Allegra OTC? Are there any evidence that they may have filed for indications that could prevent you from launching? 
And then second, can you talk a little bit about the size of that opportunity? Whether you expect competition on the 
store-brand side, and expectations for cannibalization? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Jon, good questions. First, 
Sanofi's Allegra approval to move from a prescription to OTC as we've stated, it occurred approximately – I think it 
was about 10 days ago, eight days ago now. I see no indication that they have received approvals for anything that 
would give them an exclusivity at this time. However, I really would refer that question directly to Sanofi. It's not 
something that we have access to the FDA interaction with Sanofi. That's something that Sanofi would have to 
comment on. But from we have seen, it will look very similar to the approval of Zyrtec or cetirizine, which the entire 


product category was shifted over, and therefore, there was no opportunity for exclusivity or no additional three-year 
exclusivity that was granted. So at this time, we don't see any basis for an exclusivity, but I would have to refer the 
question to Sanofi relative to their interaction with the FDA. 

On the opportunity, it's a challenge right now. It's really going to depend on what Sanofi prices the product at. We have 
some indications, but we don't have final pricing. Number two, it depends on the amount of resources that Sanofi puts 
behind this product. We do think that Sanofi will do a good job at this based on what we've seen from their team in 
terms of the excitement for their acquisition of Chattem Laboratories, which allows them to go forward in this. But I 
think it'd be pretty immature for us to make any comments about the investment they'll make to grow this business. 

The product itself, if I could just comment from the product point of view. I will say that I believe that the product 
portfolio or Allegra portfolio of products for both the Allegra D as well as the Allegra Singleti are very good products. 
They have a good combination of effectiveness but also non-sedating. So I think the product category fits – and it could 
allow it to become one of the best OTC non-sedating antihistamines. But I think right now, we've got to wait to get a 
little bit more data, and therefore, that's why we did not put it into our guidance at this time. We do think, though, that 
we can have the product to the market sometime in that, I would call, March to May timeframe. But at this point, it's up 
in the air exactly timing. But we're excited about it. We think it could be a great product. We just have to wait to get 
more data and details on what the plans are from Sanofi. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Okay. I think last time we spoke, you had indicated that because of a recall by a competitor that 
you were the only kind of temozolomide supplier in Europe. Can you give an update in terms of the status of that 
product in Europe and what's kind of reflected in your guidance? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Judy made a few comments on 
this but let me just try to reiterate some of the comments. Indeed, you're absolutely correct. We are the only competitor 
with a temozolomide product in Europe. We are selling that product through several generic companies that we work 
with or partner with. That product is currently being sold. The competitive product that was in the market had to be 
recalled from the market. And at this time, they have not re-entered into the market. 

Our expectations, as Judy always talks about, how we look to model. We try to take an incremental approach to our 
modeling. We don't put – making assumption they're going to be out forever. We simply look at – our guidance range 
includes the positive impact of Temo but we did not say that they're going to be out forever but we do expect them to 
return to the market. 

So at this point, we do it on a sequential quarterly basis, to continue to look at what the opportunity is for competition 
in the marketplace. But right now, we're out there by ourselves and have been out there by ourselves for approximately, 
I guess that was going on five, six months now. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Great. Thanks. One last question, maybe a broader question. With the acquisition of PBM, the 
pending acquisition of Paddock, the remediation efforts going on, can you just comment on kind of the organization's 
capacity to continue to execute this well in light of kind of the multiple integrational activities ahead of you? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That, I feel very fortunate. I've got a 
great team of individuals. At Perrigo, there's 8,000-plus people around the world that are all dedicated toward trying to 
focus on quality affordable healthcare products. I think it is the execution of this team that allows us to continue to look 
to improve our position on quality, affordable healthcare. I think one example of that is just our record quarter two 
adjusted operating margin moving up to 20.2%, I think just gives you an example of the ability of the team to continue 
to execute. So we feel very good about the execution. I do very much believe that we picked some great acquisition 
targets. 

I think the PBM team from the first day I met with Paul Manning, the previous head of PBM, I was convinced that they 
had a very similar view and vision for the future of trying to improve the offerings on quality products. And that goes 
back now a couple of years. But I think it's just a good example of acquiring a company and doing the due diligence on 
deciding that this is a company that could fit very well with the Perrigo business. So I feel that we've been very 
fortunate, and I very much want to welcome the Paddock team into our business because they also, as we looked at 


their focus on where they're going after what I would call more specialty, niche generic opportunities, it also fit very 
well. So I feel very good about the execution, and the team is adjusting very well to try to continue to do the 
operational things that are required for any operational issues that we face. 

Judy, you may want to add some comments. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Certainly, thank you. And just to add 
to what Joe was saying, in terms of the multiple integration activities, as well as warning letter remediation work, it is 
very clear that this is a very busy team right now. And to Joe's point, great team, and an extremely practical, I'd say the 
practical Midwestern team that is – become very good, very fast at prioritizing well on making sure that we hit the right 
issues first and go after the work at hand. And the other piece that's important to note, just to quell any concerns that 
there are too many things going on at once, the reality is the acquisitions we've been doing have been complementary in 
nature. 

Every acquisition integration is complicated, but these are not as complicated as they could be as we are not in a mode 
of closing plants, closing locations. We're adding these new entities to our businesses. We're doing back office 
integration, which we're good at, and able to move forward pretty quickly. So much less complication than can be seen 
in many other transactions that are frequently announced in our space. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Jon. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Gilbert of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please pose your question. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thank you. Just a few, first a follow-up on Allegra, Joe. Are you excluding it from guidance 
simply because you don't know the exact date of launch? Or are there any other variables other than the exact timing 
within the quarter that led you to exclude it? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Gregg, it's really primarily that 
there's just some variables that I don't have. I don't have exact date of the launch. I believe Sanofi will launch in March, 
but we've got to get through some FDA process, conversions of moving the product from prescription to OTC. I feel 
very fortunate that our partner has the approval, of course, for the Rx version. We just need to switch it over to OTC. 
So that's number one. Number two, it would be very challenging to put a number of there without knowing exactly 
what the plans are for Sanofi in terms of how much they plan to spend behind it and grow the business, because that's 
an important driver of success. 

The team that launched Zyrtec, the J&J team did a phenomenal job launching Zyrtec, and it obviously ended up being a 
very significant opportunity, somewhere in the $500 million, $600 million branded sales range. And that gives you a 
big opportunity to go after store-brand. Don't know what Sanofi's plans are right now. I believe they will put significant 
effort behind it based on their acquisition of Chattem, but I really can't make any more comments on what Sanofi's 
plans are. It would be inappropriate for me to make further comments on that. 

So we're excited. We think it's a – what I said, a mid-March to May type of launch, but until we get more details, until 
we work through the questions of getting the FDA switched from Rx to OTC, we felt it'd be inappropriate to put a 
specific number on the table at this time. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. Joe, I forgot to ask you on the last call about, in the Paddock deal whether you can 
quantify the DESI products sales and profits? And how you're treating those going forward? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Just repeat the – oh, the DESI products. 
Gregg, what we do is we took a look at the DESI products, we took a look at where we were with the DESI products 
and we put, as we do with new products, we put kind of what we call a risk probability on those DESI products and 


how we would assess them for the future. And really, that's probably all I can say about them specifically. But we are 
aware that there's some DESI products there. We do believe that some of those products have an important medical 
need, and therefore, we put some assessment on them relative to their situation in the marketplace. That's probably 
about as far as I can go with the answer on that particular question. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. And then lastly for Judy, I have a consumer gross margin question. I think you gave us 
the ingredients to answer this, but I'm trying to figure out what the – if we held product mix constant, which, of course, 
is, I guess, an artificial way to look at it, how your gross margin for consumer would look after you get through all the 
FDA re-inspections and remediations, et cetera? Are we going to be better off? Worse off? And where does that $5 
million to $7 million come in specifically? What is that relative to? Or added on top of? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, great question, because clearly, 
after the last quarter and folks are looking at year-over-year comps saying, is this the new run rate, what are you guys 
looking at going forward? As we built our expectations for the second half of the year, when we kept our range of 32% 
to 33% gross margin in that business for the full year, you would assume that there is improvement in that gross margin 
on a go-forward basis in the remainder of the year. I made the comment that there was pressure because of the 
introduction of those costs, lower throughput relatively year-over-year in some of our processes. 

However, that $5 million to $7 million on an annualized basis, we don't expect to have a significant impact on the gross 
margins going forward because there will also be continued savings in procurement. We expect there to be some better 
throughput, I'll call it. We've made the investment in prevention and detection to avoid some of the costs that came 
through the gross margin on a go-forward basis in terms of scrapping, rework, et cetera. So on a go-forward, those 
things should begin to net each other out to a great extent. So then on a go-forward basis, for all intents and purposes, 
you can assume that those net out. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Looking at that, we're coming off a 
run rate of 32% to 33% in adjusted gross margin in Consumer Healthcare this year in our current guidance. And then 
the next year's margins, as we'll talk about, obviously, in August when we get more detailed guidance for next fiscal 
year, will be primarily driven off of new products, expansion in base business, product mix, and net base business, et 
cetera. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: All right. And if I could stick one last strategic one in. Can you give us an update on your 
international expansion activities and should we think of this in two chunks: one is driven by the Formula business, and 
the other is sort of just overall store-brand legacy Perrigo stuff? Can you frame that for us, and provide any updates on 
progress you've made? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well it's a good question, Gregg. 
We continue to make progress, and really, the focus depends on the geography. In the example of Asia, we believe 
there is a significant opportunity for infant formula. We are moving forward with that; we're already shipping some 
infant formula there. But we do think that there's more opportunities that we are seeking, not just in China, but other 
countries throughout Asia. So that's I guess, certainly a focus on our infant formula. 

Clearly, though, there are other countries that make sense for infant formula. We think there's some countries in the 
Middle East. We think there's some countries in Europe that all make sense for the opportunity, and, of course, in Latin 
America and South America. So what we're trying to do is take an approach on infant formula, predominantly in the 
more rapidly-growing countries around the world and where the highest birth rate is. 

On the European side, really our focus there is more what I would call an organic approach to – we are seeking product 
approval. We have slotting – we have taken the appropriate regulatory slotting processes to get our products approved, 
and we are taking steps to get products approved throughout Europe. And that would be an important organic effort that 
we have. We do still, or still are seeking the appropriate commercial go-to-market strategy. That could be either 
through a partnership opportunity and/or trying to build some incremental on the ground resource in Europe, but those 
are the things that we continue to look at for what makes most sense for what I would call more the legacy Perrigo 


products in Europe. 

The final comment I would make is that we certainly as we look to the expansions we've done over the last four years, 
with incremental resources in Mexico, incremental resources in England and then the acquisition of the business in 
Orion in Australia, think that they provide an excellent foothold for us to continue to grow our business around the 
world. And those are the kind of things we're going to continue to look at both for the infant formula side as well as the 
more legacy Perrigo Consumer Healthcare store-brand private-label. 

One other comment I want to make before I finish, Gregg, I want to make sure there's no doubt in anyone's mind. We 
are very much excited about Allegra and we do view this as an excellent opportunity for us. And I don't want anyone to 
misunderstand my comments, I just simply don't have access to the FDA Sanofi records. However, there is no basis for 
us to believe that there should be an exclusivity based on the fact they're moving the entire product that is Rx'd into the 
OTC category so the indications should be the same. So therefore, we don't expect to see any exclusivity for the 
Allegra products. So I just want to make sure I clarify that. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Louise Chen of Collins Stewart. Please pose your question. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Hi. Just a few questions here. First question I have is on your Aldara opportunity. Can you talk 
about how you're going to maintain gross profit dollars as more competitors enter the market? And then for Xyzal, can 
you talk about if the competitors don't get the carve-out, could this be a long-tailed opportunity for Perrigo? And I have 
just one other follow-up. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Let me say a couple things on the 
Aldara first. I remind you when we first launched the authorized generic of Aldara, it was at more what I would call a 
traditional authorized generic margin. Then we switched over to the Perrigo vertically integrated raw material which 
obviously adds to our margin structure and our partner's margin structure. Finally, as time elapsed, we will get an 
incremental gross margin opportunity with Aldara. The issue that I cannot predict is the number of players that come 
into the market. We do expect incremental players sometime in the next several months, but I don't want to make any 
specific comments about an individual product gross margin other than what I think mostly I would say is that, A, it's 
helped by vertical integration and then, B, the gross margin structure that we have with our partner changes over time. 
And that will improve for a greater gross margin. So I do feel that we've got some upside there. It just depends on the 
number of players that show up into the Aldara market. 

Xyzal is an interesting case sitting in front of the FDA at this time. We don't know how to put a – other than to simply 
put a probability waiting on when other competitors will come into the business, and that's what we've done. We tend 
to be conservative in believing that they will be coming in the near future. If they do not show up, it is an upside to our 
guidance. But I think as you know, we try to be conservative in our guidance, and only look out a quarter at a time 
relative to our assumptions. And, as with all new products, that's how we treated Xyzal. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Okay. And then, just the last question here is on the potential Rx-OTC switches that could happen 
over the next several years, such as NEXIUM or maybe Prevacid. Could you just kind of give us an update of 
opportunities that you think are coming? And maybe any new categories you think that the pharma companies would 
bring to OTC? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. There's a lot that we talked about. 
Obviously, a lot it's the proton pump inhibitors. We know, of course, next year we have an opportunity to launch a 
store-brand of Prevacid. We know that there's an opportunity for the Zegerid as well. That will be launching in the near 
future. Beyond that, it really is the rest of the proton pumps, it's the NEXIUM, it's the protonics, it's the Aciphex, all of 
which we think are candidates to go from prescription to OTC. And certainly, seeing the success of Prilosec OTC, I 
think many of the branded companies will be very motivated to consider to move their products to OTC. Additional 


categories, though, that we see beyond the proton pump inhibitors, obviously would be the remaining portion of the 
non-sedating antihistamines. So Clarinex, as an example, will be next year. Also, we're going to obviously do the 
Allegra which will start this year. But those would be the other ones that are critical. 

Final area which I think falls more into the category of new opportunities in what I would call Rx to OTC switch, 
would be more of the products that are, at the current time, labeled as topical non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs like 
a Voltaren gel, or a Voltaren Flector Patch, are other candidates that we would think would be candidates to move from 
a prescription to an OTC at some point in the future. I think those would probably be the major candidates. We also 
talked somewhat – there is a possibility for what I would call topical anti-inflammatory drugs like more of steroidal 
creams and things like that. Some of those could move very similar type, the Hydrocortisone that has moved. But those 
would be primary categories. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Linda Bolton-Weiser of Caris. Please pose your question. 

<Q - Linda Bolton-Weiser>: Hi. I was just thinking about like in terms of the longer-term perspective. I mean your 
operating margin, you've done a terrific job. It's going to be 19% and 20% this year, and I mean I think Procter & 
Gamble's 21%. So you're almost there. How should we think about in the very long term? I mean it doesn't seem likely 
to me that you're going to have as much margin expansion in the next five years as you have in the last five years, but 
maybe, yes. So can you just talk about the potential really going out a long time for margins? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, Linda, I think you said it. We've 
been able to move the operating margin from what was 9% in 2007 to something like 8% last year, and this year, of 
course, we've got a 19%, a 20.2% adjusted operating margin. So we feel very good about the ability to continue to grow 
our operating margin. I think that what we've done with new product, I think what we've done with some of what we 
call bolt-on acquisitions like a PBM, like the Paddock Labs are all part of that and will help us for the future. I don't 
want anyone, though, to simply say, well, four years from now, we'll just add another 9% to this number. I don't think 
that's appropriate. I do think we can raise it beyond the 20%. I do think we can get into the low to mid 20s, but I don't 
want anyone just simply adding another 9%, in say four years from now. Judy, I don't know if there was anything you 
wanted to add to that comment? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Part of the focus when we go through 
our strategic planning and looking at acquisition opportunities as well and looking at the funnel of opportunities, as you 
noted, rightly so, in the last several years, as we look to transactions, we were able to also increase our return to 
investors, because we've gone after ROIC accretive acquisitions that also had operating and gross margins that were 
able to average us up. And as we look at opportunities going forward, we try to focus on those that will help us in that 
averaging up. So that is a nice positive, not only the new products that we have in our future, but trying to look at ways 
to average up through bringing new businesses and new product categories to our overall portfolio. 

So to Joe's point, to be able to say we've picked up nine points on the bottom line in the last four years, so we'll just be 
able to extrapolate that forward. That would be a stretch, but know that that's part of the overall strategic planning. And 
as we look at improving on ROIC, we almost have to do that in order to continue to raise the bar on our own return on 
invested capital. 

<Q - Linda Bolton-Weiser>: Great. And can I just ask a little question on your store-brand Zyrtec? We had detected 
some price declines at the shelf at Wal-Mart, but not really at any other retailers. Can you just comment on if that's a 
Wal-Mart anomaly? Or is there starting to be some pricing pressure from some other competitors on that product? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. I don't want to comment on any 
specific customer. We don't see any real pricing pressure there. I think that's a pretty stable market. Perrigo still has 
over 80-plus percent market share, which is exactly what we had been stating for the past, I don't know, several years 


now I guess we've had plus 80% shares, so no major changes in that product category. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And our gross margin in that product 
has continued to be very stable. 

<Q - Linda Bolton-Weiser>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Linda. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Elliot Wilbur of Needham. Please pose your question. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Yeah, maybe just a quick follow-up question for Judy with regard to your earlier comments on 
the tax rate. Can you just maybe provide a little bit more color on sort of what was behind the reduction, whether it be a 
shift in income geographically? Or is there something else? And how should we think about that in terms of 
extrapolating the expected new rate to out years? Then also last quarter, you guys talked about roughly a $20 million to 
$25 million backlog that was pending at the end of the quarter. I'm just wondering sort of how that played out this 
period? And whether or not there was any sort of backlog at the end of the quarter that might benefit the second half? 
Thanks. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Thanks, Elliot. I'll take the tax 
question first. So, as you know and you're seeing in the Journal everyday, there's ongoing discussion in the U.S. about 
what we should do about the corporate tax rate. The Israeli Knesset decided to take that bull by the horns and move 
faster along that process and just announced a dramatic reduction in the corporate tax rate in Israel. We were able to 
take that new announcement into consideration as we looked at our forecasted tax rate for the remainder of the year. 
And the fact that we have a presence in Israel and benefit from obviously those low rates will flow through our 
deferrals and the earnings before tax, for the remainder of this year and we think that, that obviously is going to 
continue forward in the out years. 

How that will affect the overall rate on a go-forward basis depends, of course, on product mix. But the fact that they've 
dropped their rates precipitously, I believe it's by 2015 the rate is down to mid single-digits on corporate returns for 
companies that export out of Israel, that would be a very good positive affect for us overall on a go-forward. And to the 
extent we have more earnings before tax out of Israel, the more it will benefit the rate. 

There are some other tax planning initiatives that we will have completed before the end of the fiscal year that have 
also benefited the rate. And some of those will continue on a go-forward basis as well. So feeling comfortable in that 
27% rate, and some of these will have positive benefit on a go-forward basis. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. I'll take the second part of the 
question on the backlog. And indeed, yes, there was some backlog at the end of Q1. There is some backlog at the end 
of Q2. I'd say it a little differently though. What happened to us is in the absence of being able to manufacture as much 
as we would have liked in the July, August and September, we did not pre-build some of the inventory that we 
normally would build for cough/cold/flu season during that time period. And as a result of that, we just didn't have all 
the product we needed. And indeed, what it does to a company like Perrigo, it reduces the amount of promotions we do 
and we promote to our retailers. And when we reduce our promotions, then there is a natural decline. 

I can tell you though that based on the output that has occurred during the current quarter, our current quarter of output 
is up. It is up versus quarter one sequentially. Our manufacturing output is up approximately 24% versus where it was 
in quarter one. That gives us the belief that we can go back in, reinitiate promotional activities; those are the displays, 
the end caps, things that we do with our retailers and allow us to continue to go back to a more rapid growth cycle 
based on what we're doing. So that's what we've done. We've reinitiated promotions. We are reinitiating activity. It's 
not so much to the backlog but it's just the incremental promotions and the end cap displays that we're able to do that 
gives us the confidence to believe that we can go back forth and continue to grow the business back at the rate that's 


more similar to what we're seeing on the IRI numbers. 

<A - Arthur J. Shannon, Vice President – Investor Relations and Communications>: Next question? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Operator, are there any other questions? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of David Buck of Buckingham Research. Please pose your question. 

<Q - David Buck>: Question, just a couple of quick ones left. For Consumer Health, I guess in the guidance you 
mentioned, third quarter is when you're assuming that your competitor comes back to normal conditions. But they said 
on their call that it would be more second half. So I'm just wondering why you'd still be assuming it's not until – it's 
basically back to normal in the third quarter? Secondly, if we look at Consumer Health, if I strip out Orion, it looks like 
you grew at about 1.1% or so, or 1.3% year-to-year, but the cough/cold season was down versus a year ago. Can you 
give maybe a sense of what the normalized growth rate for Consumer Health would have been with a normal 
cough/cold? And then just a couple of quick ones. PBM looks like a run rate of about $350 million, which I believe is a 
bit higher than previously expected. Can you talk about how sustainable the quarter might be? And then, tax rate for 
Judy, why wouldn't we just take down the '12 and '13 tax rate by 200 basis points? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Couple of good questions. Let me 
just try to clarify a couple of comments relative to your comments. On the CHC side, the competitor, the branded 
competitor has stated they would be back in the market some time middle of the year as you – we agree with that. What 
we said is we would only go to the end of our third Q. Which is, the end of the third Q for us, David, is around March 
31st, thereabouts. So what we feel is appropriate is to go after this on a one quarter at a time basis. Rather than just say, 
okay, it's going to be six months and then having to find out it was only five months, or 4.5 months, it just creates a 
better metric for us just to say we'll extend it by one quarter, and then we'll take a look at it in another quarter from now 
is the best way we look at it. We always like to try to be somewhat conservative in our numbers. We think it's a better 
way to approach the business. 

On the second question, you're absolutely right. The cough/cold season last year, driven by H1N1, was one of the 
comments I made. It was a very strong, very early season, H1N1. This year, it's much more of a traditional season. It is 
much more of a season that occurs, really starting in December, so the end of November early December is really when 
it started. So we see a much different dynamic than we did last year, where it was a September/October season as it 
would relate to quarterly numbers, and that's how Judy and I try to characterize the shift last year. We're coming off of 
a very strong Q2 in fiscal year '10. So it was a tough comparison for us, no doubt, but we still continue to find a way to 
grow, even in that tough comparison. 

On the comment about PBM, PBM has outperformed our expectations. We're delighted with the – the team has done 
just an outstanding job with the business. PBM continues to perform ahead of our expectations. I wouldn't go to that 
number. I think the number you had was $350 million. I would say certainly we think it will exceed the $300 million, 
but I don't want to get too far down that pathway. No question, the performance of the most recent quarter was 
exceptionally strong. No disagreement with you on that. I just think we try to moderate the good news for that relative 
to PBM. So, Judy, I think tax rate was your question? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. And just one last comment on 
Joe's remarks regarding Consumer Healthcare normalized sales growth run rate. We are not wavering from the previous 
comments we've made about a compound annual growth over any three years in CHC being mid-single digits. You had 
the anomalies this year, year-to-date, fiscal year ended the six months ended December because of the throughput 
comments we've been talking about with respect to trying to meet strong demand for our products, while, at the same 
time, having lower throughput. So we have not wavered from that 4% to 6% growth rate range that we've given on 
Consumer Healthcare in the past. 


With respect to the effective tax rate, you asked should we just lower our effective tax rate 200 to 300 bps. I don't know 
what you're lowering that from. So I'm not going to comment on the decrease of 200 to 300. But continuing a rate in 
that 27% to 29% or approximately where we are right now would be very reasonable. Again, given the impact of the 
recent change in the Israeli tax law, there are expectations out there that are not built into any of our numbers yet that 
there may be some changes in the U.S. rate overall, but for the moment, still staying in that mid high 20s as a tax rate 
would be a reasonable number. 

<Q - David Buck>: And just to clarify on that, would that be with Paddock Labs for the tax rate, the same range, 27% 
to 29%? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I have not finalized all the 
calculations of how that's going to flow through. Obviously, that's going to be a bad guy against the tax rate because 
that's all U.S. and that's about 35% average tax rate there. Longer term, as we integrate their products and long-term 
development into our portfolio, we have opportunity there, we believe, to begin averaging down the rate on that 
business. But again, if you're, saying a 28% range on a go-forward and you're modeling still in the future, that would 
still be reasonable even including Paddock. 

<Q - David Buck>: Right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Randall Stanicky of Goldman Sachs. Please pose your question. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Can you guys hear me? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Randall. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: How are you? 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks. Just one big picture question for you, Joe. As we look at the mid cap product 
states, we're seeing a lot of diversification across products, types of products and geographies. You guys seem to be 
participating in that as well. So as you think about and putting your CEO hat on and you think about the next three to 
five years, well, the next three years, how do you think about the percent of your businesses that's international? And if 
you could give us the percent that's international today. And then how do you think about the split from a gross profit 
perspective across your core Consumer business versus the generic API and possibly other? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well, Randall, a couple of good 
questions there. First and foremost, I have to say we are continuing to focus on quality affordable healthcare. That is 
our goal. Our mission of what we're going to focus on continues to be a leader in quality affordable healthcare 
products. That certainly is measured by tablets out the door. By design, that means that somewhere in the range of 
80-plus percent of our business will be in what I call Consumer Healthcare businesses, whether it is our OTC business 
or also our Vitamin, Mineral and Infant Formula business which we call now the Nutritional business. So the majority 
of our business will be in those categories of what we would call a store-brand private-label business. That will 
continue to be our focus. 

Relative to the question of international, ballpark somewhere around 80% of our sales today are U.S.-based sales. That 
number we do think will continue to grow. However, we do see the opportunity outside the United States over the next 
several years to grow more quickly than the U.S. business. So if the U.S. business is 80% today, five years from now, it 
may be somewhere in the 75%, 70% range is the kind of growth that we're looking for international. We do see some 
significant growth opportunities outside the United States, both on the infant formula side and as well on the ability to 
take our products, the products that we have approved, we have the methods developed, we have the manufacturing 
capabilities in the United States, where we can bring those products into the rest of Europe, also to Asia, for infant 
formula as examples. So the goal of keeping the 80% is certainly going to be one because of the growth. Faster growth 


outside of the United States, we'd probably can get that to somewhere in the 70%, 75% range for the future 
predominantly because of the faster growth outside the United States. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Got it. And then just following on that, Judy, you guys have done a great job, obviously, 
driving accretion from some of your recent deals. It sounds like, if I'm just extrapolating Joe's comments, that your deal 
focus going forward's going to be not on the generic side, but more on the consumer or other side. At 2.5 times levered 
on an EBITDA basis, debt-to-EBITDA, how much flexibility do you have and should we expect to see potentially 
similarly large size deals like the last couple? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Great question. We did not publish 
our new debt-to-EBITDA calculation as of December 25th in the appendices to this press release just because we 
weren't really talking about leverage ratio specifically on the prepared remarks. But suffice it to say that in the process 
of having another quarter's worth of earnings, including PBM behind us, our leverage ratio has dropped quite a bit even 
in this last quarter. And by the time we expect to close on the Paddock acquisition, we expect to be down closer to two 
times levered as outlined in the appendix in the January 20th press release, using the same type of calculation. So we 
see our leverage coming down pretty well giving us sufficient capacity. 

But to the point raised in an earlier question, the bandwidth financially is there. We've kept a conservative stable 
balance sheet. We have capacity in our bank groups, in our private placement groups, we believe, if the market stays 
pretty stable, so we have capacity there. But really as we think about transactions going forward, one of the practical 
matters that we'll be addressing as a group is thinking in terms of integration process, making sure that we are giving 
the appropriate attention and timing to getting the deals that we've recently done integrated into the Perrigo family. And 
then looking outward, looking at new opportunities on a go-forward basis and looking at the financial metrics with 
those. 

So your point of, does that exclude us from looking at generics in the future, it does not. But as Joe noted, strategically, 
our first priority and imperative is expanding the core business of the Consumer Healthcare, both in adjacent categories 
with new products, geographically. But as we've done, we continue to look at generic assets and/or generic businesses 
where we can add to our portfolio. And we believe drive up ROIC, EPS accretion and margin accretion as well. So we 
don't preclude ourselves from looking at those. We would not probably jump immediately back into the market with a 
very, very large transaction, but we think that over the next quarters, we'll be able to establish enough dry powder to be 
looking at acquisitions in the future. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: It sounds like you have the financial and personnel bandwidth to go after, call it north of 
$500 million-sized transactions. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, and that's – it's nice to be able to 
say that we are now at a place with our balance sheet where a transaction of that size can be assumed quickly into the 
organization, but also from a balance perspective, can be paid down quickly and of that size does not really move the 
needle as much as it would have five years ago. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Randall. I think we have 
time for one more question, operator. 

Operator 

Our final question comes from the line of Stephen Pepper of Harrell Finance. Please pose your question. 

<Q>: Hi. Good morning. I would like if you could elaborate regarding additional OTC projects. You spoke about the 
Allegra. What's the potential regarding Mucinex and Plan B, if you could discuss those two products? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. So let me back up a little bit. We 
do think Allegra is a great opportunity for us. It's just simply a question of what the number will be this year and the 


timing aspect for it. More importantly, it's a great fiscal year 2012 opportunity for us. On the Mucinex product, there is 
issues relative to the regulatory landscape for the product and the legal landscape. On the legal landscape side, the issue 
predominantly is a question of we won at the summary judgment level and then got sent back to the court. So now we 
await another litigation. We are also, obviously, waiting for the final approval of the product. That is pending, the 
situation we have at our Allegan, Michigan location. We look forward to getting these wrapped up. 

As to whether or not we would launch at risk, I think that's an unknown question at this point in time. But I remind 
everyone that we have Mucinex in at a very low probability for fiscal year '11 and very late in the quarter; the fourth 
quarter of fiscal '11. So it's really a diminimus number for us this year. 

Second comment that I would offer. Sorry, another product, what was the other product you mentioned? 

<Q>: The Plan B? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Plan B. Plan B is a good opportunity. 
We'll get that product launched. It's a little bit different, because it's not necessarily an OTC product. It is more what I 
would call a behind-the-counter product, because of the utilization of the product. But that product will get launched 
this year, this fiscal year, and we'll see what it will do. We always put a probability weighting on any new product 
launches, so just not knowing exactly how any new product will do, we always put a probability weighting on it. But 
we are excited about it. 

Beyond that, I think the other products that are in our plans, clearly you know that we have the opportunity to launch a 
NASACORT product late this year. That's an exciting Rx product, approximately $250 million to $300 million product 
that we are going to launch with our partner, Teva, on that product, very exciting for us on the Rx side. 

And then, of course, we've got the continued success of the products that we have previously launched in the OTC side. 
Those are products like polyethylene glycol, the generic of MiraLAX, the generic version of Avatrol, the generic 
version of Monistat(r)1. All products we've launched in the last 12 months that are exciting for us for continued growth 
and they'll continue to ramp up. 

Beyond that, we've also launched Aleve Liquid Gels and we've got some opportunities in the coated gum area for 
nicotine. So we're very excited about the future. We think it could be a very good future growth, continuing our track 
record. And by the way, if we can continue to show the numbers we do on the adjusted operating margin of the 20.2%, 
we believe that, that will really help continue to drive shareholder value for our company. 

<Q>: Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Joseph C. Papa, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Operator, that concludes our call. I'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest in Perrigo, and we look forward 
to talking to you in another quarter, relative to our next quarter. Thank you very much, everyone. Have a great day. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


