Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Joseph C. Papa 
• Judy L. Brown 
• Arthur J. Shannon 
Other Participants 

• David Buck 
• Greg Gilbert 
• Randall Stanicky 
• Scott Hirsch 
• Derek Leckow 
• Louise Chen 
• David Risinger 
• Linda Bolton Weiser 
• Jon Andersen 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Joseph C. Papa 

Business Highlights 

Performance 

• 
Before I discuss the quarter, I’d like to thank all of the 6,000-plus Perrigo employees for their excellent 
achievements during the quarter in YTD 
• 
Bottom line, we had a tremendous results 
• 
We continued to execute on our plan with a strong focus on quality, customer service, new products, and our cost 
structure 
• 
We had record first quarter sales of more than $0.5B, surpassing our expectations, plus record adjusted operating 
income from continuing operations, up more than 45% from last year on 16% sales growth 
• 
On top of that, consolidated adjusted operating margin from continuing operations was 16.4% of both gross 
margin expansion and SG&A management while generating $38mm in cash from operations in the quarter when 
the company is historically a user of cash during Q1 
Michigan Facilities 

• 
I am pleased to be able to say that the tight economy, we are growing well, even adding over 50 operating jobs in 
our Michigan facilities in anticipation of a busy cough, cold, flu season, which is definitely happening in our 
second quarter 

• 
These results provide us with the data to raise our full-year guidance 
Rx Business 

• 
Our Rx business unit had a very strong quarter in what continues to be a highly competitive environment 
• 
We grew Rx sales 42% while gross margin improved 1,440BPS 
• 
Our new, over-the-counter prescription sales, or ORx, continues to grow 
• 
Perrigo is uniquely positioned to capture this sustainable opportunity 
• 
This is the second straight strong quarter for this new innovative channel within our Rx business 
• 
Our API segment continues to rebound with new product sales and improved plant efficiencies 
Consumer Healthcare Unit 

• 
Our Consumer Healthcare unit had an all-time record first quarter sales 
• 
This was driven by the continued growth in Omeprazole without the presence of competition and strong sales in 
our nicotine lozenge products 
• 
Additionally, at the end of the quarter, we’ve launched the cherry flavored nicotine lozenge 
OTC Consumer Market 

• 
Looking at Slide Three, the overall OTC consumer market was flat vs. last year with national brands down 
nearly 3% but with store brands gaining 13% on the strength of new product launches and increased market 
share 
• 
Most of the individual store brand categories were up as well 
• 
The overall gastrointestinal category was up more than 2% over the past year 
• 
National brands were down 4% while store brands gained 24% 
Brand Market Share 

• 
The surge in H1N1 activity, which really began accelerating in early October, is not yet reflected in this data 
• 
During the Analyst Day in New York City in September, our team outlined some of the positive tailwinds that 
give us optimism about our future 
• 
These tailwinds included retailers’ focus on driving store brand market share 
• 
As you can see from the statistics I just showed you, that trend continues 
• 
In each category, store brands are gaining share vs. the national brands as consumers realize the value of the store 
brand proposition 
• 
On the Analyst Day you also heard all indicators point to a strong start to the cough, cold, flu season 
• 
The company received some early orders in the category during Q1, but we will see the true impact of the season 
in our second fiscal quarter -- this flu season historic not only that it started so early, but it also has been declared 
a national emergency and schools are being shut down around the country 

Israeli Consumer Products Business 

• 
The team is working very hard to meet this unprecedented demand 
• 
We have added new operational employees and set production records in many of our facilities that make 
cough, cold products as we continue to ramp up our operations 
• 
I’ve been very pleased with the team’s proactive response to this national situation 
• 
Earlier today, we also announced that we have signed a definitive agreement to sell our Israeli consumer 
products business for approximately $54mm to the Emilia Group, a private equity firm in Israel 
• 
Perrigo will continue to distribute and support services for the U.S. private label cosmetic business for 12 
months after the close of the transaction 
• 
The team did an excellent job finding the right buyer who has previous experience in the Israeli consumer 
market 
• 
I’m sure you will have other questions about our updated FY2010 guidance, and our market share gains, 
but I’ll get into that detail in that shortly 
Judy L. Brown 

Financial Highlights 
Performance 

• 
As you just heard, we had a very strong first quarter with results exceeding even our own expectations 
• 
We’re especially proud of our team for their continued focus on execution in such a dynamic economic 
environment 
• 
This focus was instrumental to our success and will continue to be as we look forward to the remainder of 
FY2010 
• 
During the next few minutes, I’d like to provide you a brief review of the fiscal first quarter results 
• 
And following that discussion, I’ll review where we stand today and our revised expectations for FY2010 
Q1 Results 
GAAP Gross Profit and Operating Income 

• 
So on to Q1 results 
• 
I’d like to remind you that like last quarter, these numbers are based on continuing operations only and do not 
include the results of the Israeli consumer products business, which were moved into a single line item, 
discontinued operations, on the face of the condensed consolidated statements of income for all periods presented 
• 
This was an extremely strong quarter y-over-y 
• 
As you can see on Slide Number Four, consolidated net sales from continuing operations increased 16% to 
$528mm while consolidated GAAP gross profit grew 21% 
• 
Through execution across all businesses and leveraging operating expenses, we were able to grow consolidated 
GAAP operating income by 47%, more than double our top line growth 

• 
On Slide Five, you’ll see that we have excluded two small items from our analysis of the adjusted operating basis 
financials for Q1 FY2009 and 2010 
• 
You may view the reconciliation from the reported GAAP numbers to our adjusted non-GAAP numbers in the 
appendix to the slide presentation and our press release 
Net Sales Growth 

• 
Now I’ll take you through the rest of the financial analysis based on adjusted results from continuing operations 
• 
As you can see on Slide Six, consolidated net sales growth from continuing operations was 16% or $72mm, 
driven by a combination of strong sales volumes of existing products and the inclusion of sales from the 
acquisitions of JB Lab, Unico, and Diba in the Consumer Healthcare segment, along with strong volume in 
product mix in the Rx Pharmaceutical segment 
• 
This growth was partially offset by $14mm of unfavorable foreign currency impact and by the loss of a 
customer contract in the Other operating segment 
Volume and Product Mix 

• 
Adjusted consolidated gross profit from continuing operations was up 21% from a year-ago, driven by improved 
volume and product mix in Rx, continued operational improvements in API, new product sales, and material cost 
improvements 
• 
We benefited companywide from our focus on execution and driving improved efficiencies in most of our 
manufacturing locations 
• 
Adjusted gross margin increased 120BPS from this time last year to 31.1% 
• 
We were able to translate this 16% top line expansion into a 45% improvement in adjusted consolidated 
operating income vs. last year 
Adjusted Operating Margin 

• 
And as you can see in the bottom of Slide Six, adjusted operating margin of 16.4% was a 330 basis point increase 
from last year 
• 
Adjusted consolidated income from continuing operations was $61mm, up 57% from last year 
• 
Adjusted EPS from continuing operations were $0.66, up from $0.41 last year 
Segment Performance 

Consumer Healthcare 

• 
Now on to the business segments 
• 
As you can see on Slide Seven, Consumer Healthcare’s first quarter net sales increased 19% to $437mm 
• 
Approximately 14 percentage points came from both new and existing product sales growth, and another 10% 
came inorganically from the acquisitions of JB Lab, Unico and Diba 
• 
These increases were partially offset by approximately 3% from unfavorable changes in foreign currency 
exchange rates and another 1% from divesting and exiting certain products 

Gross Profit and Margin 

• 
Gross profit was up $17mm from last year 
• 
As you can see, though, total gross margins decreased 90BPS from last year, due to lower gross margins 
associated with the expansion of our contract manufacturing sales base and a negative currency impact from 
international businesses 
• 
These pressures were partially offset by improved material costs and new product sales and the continued 
strength of gross margins in our core domestic OTC business 
• 
Consumer Healthcare’s adjusted operating margin was flat to last year at 16.3% 
• 
We were able to maintain this historically high margin through operating expense leverage on increased sales 
Rx Business 

Sales Volume and Gross Profit 

• 
On Slide Eight, you can see that the Rx business delivered strong y-over-y sales 
• 
Operational excellence and customer service has significantly benefited sales in a dynamic marketplace 
• 
The Rx team did a terrific job man maintaining the sales volume seen in Q4 FY2009 
• 
First quarter net sales in Rx were $47mm, up 42% compared with last year 
• 
This increase was driven by strong growth in our new over-the-counter Rx business and strong base business 
performance 
• 
This quarter also included milestone revenue related to the final FDA approval for Triamcinolone, which 
was received by Teva on July 31 of this year 
• 
Gross profit in Rx was up $11mm, or 104% from last year, and gross margin increased 1,440BPS from last 
year 
• 
This tremendous improvement was again the result of the strong sales volume and product mix I just 
mentioned, as well as continuing manufacturing efficiency improvements and the accelerating contribution 
from ORx 
Operating Income and Margin 

• 
In all, Rx operating income increased 700% over the last year due to the combination of strong leverage, 
manufacturing efficiencies, and favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates 
• 
Operating margin improved 2,490BPS to a very strong 30.3% 
• 
The Rx team continues to do an outstanding job driving increased sales, improving sales mix, and maintaining 
focus on operational efficiencies 
API Segment 

• 
Next, looking at the API segment on Slide Nine, execution has been a critical component to this quarter’s API 
results 

• 
Sales declined y-over-y by 12%, yet the team was table to expand gross margins 850BPS through major 
improvements in plant efficiencies, new product contributions, and improved base product mix 
• 
The combination of lower operating expenses and improvements in the gross margin drove the operating margin 
increase of 1,120BPS you see at the bottom of Slide Nine 
• 
On Slide Ten, you will also see that although the sales in our Israel pharmaceutical and diagnostic business 
declined y-over-y, the team has driven adjusted operating margin improvements in the quarter 
Balance Sheet Items 
Working Capital 

• 
Now, some quick highlights on our balance sheet 
• 
Excluding cash and current investments, working capital from continuing operations was $343mm at the end of 
the quarter vs. $361mm at this time last year 
• 
Looking to Slide 11, you see that our working capital turns have increased 17% over the last three-year period 
• 
Inventory turns, DSO, and days payable have all improved, and the team continues to keep focused on these 
metrics as we move into a very busy operational period for Perrigo 
• 
Cash provided by operations was a strong $38mm in Q1 compared with $1mm last year 
• 
This is a record for a fiscal first quarter 
• 
Typically our first quarter cash flows are relatively low due to seasonal inventory preparations 
• 
However, we’re seeing increased sell through in many of our products, helping drive cash flows during the 
quarter 
Cash and Current Investment 

• 
At the end of Q1, cash and current investment securities were $257mm, down from 316mm at the end of FY2009 
• 
The decrease was due primarily to $50mm payment on our revolver and another $25mm in share repurchases 
• 
This decrease was partially offset by our strong operating cash flow during the quarter 
Debt and Dividend 

• 
Our total current and long-term debt on the face of the balance sheet was $843mm, but included $400mm 
back-to-back loan, which is completely offset by the $400mm restricted cash deposit and non-current assets 
• 
As of September 26, net of the back-to-back loan, our external debt was $443mm or 31.3% of total capital 
• 
Excluding cash, cash equivalents, and current investment securities, our net external debt to total capital was 
13.1% 
• 
This quarter we also paid $5mm in dividends, or $0.055 per share 
• 
Last Thursday, our board raised the quarterly dividend to $0.0625 per share 
• 
As I noted a moment ago, in the first fiscal quarter, we used $25mm to repurchase 839,000 shares of Perrigo 
stock per our 10b5-1 plan 

FY2010 Outlook 
Omeprazole 

• 
And now I’d like to briefly update you on our outlook for the remainder of FY2010 
• 
As a starting point, we can look to Slide 12 to see where we are vs. the FY2010 guidance provided in August 
• 
In Q1, we have outperformed these annual guidelines 
• 
As we look at the rest of the year, certain external factors will naturally continue to play a role in our performance 
• 
For example, the cough, cold, flu season began to accelerate dramatically near the end of September, which we 
expect will benefit our second fiscal quarter 
• 
Also as of today, our Omeprazole store brand franchise is still alone in the marketplace, and so we have built 
additional momentum for this product into our second fiscal quarter forecast 
• 
As Joe noted, there are a number of other tailwinds that are benefiting us right now 
• 
As we said on Analyst Day, our team has kept their focus on many continuous improvement initiatives that we 
set for ourselves this year 
• 
We remain focused on improving our operating expense cost structure while also squeezing efficiencies out of 
supply chain and manufacturing processes 
• 
We are continuing to reassess all of our products, weeding out the underperformers and challenging pricing 
assumptions in others 
• 
Finally, we’re working to execute new product pipeline, looking for ways to continue to expand and diversify the 
portfolio 
Consumer Healthcare Segment 

• 
So on Slide 13, you can see our revised expectations 
• 
Starting with the Consumer Healthcare segment, we’re now estimating y-over-y revenue growth of between eight 
and 10% 
• 
This reflects the potential benefits to the Consumer Healthcare segment from strong cough, cold, flu in the 
second fiscal quarter, the absence of competition in H1 the FY in Omeprazole, and continued strong sales in 
smoking cessation 
• 
Like our August guidance, our new forecast does factor in competition in the gastrointestinal and smoking 
cessation categories in H2 the FY 
• 
We now expect Consumer Healthcare’s operating margins to expand between 125 and 175BPS from adjusted 
FY2009 14.6% 
• 
In a period when quality issues have hindered some of the competition, our Rx team has been able to reliably 
service customers with products 
• 
They are driving sales in a dynamic marketplace in both their base business and our expanding Rx business 
• 
So we are now targeting Rx revenue growth in the mid-teens and 300 to 500BPS of adjusted operating margin 
improvement over FY2009, driven by sales volume, cost management, operational improvements, and product 
mix 

• 
Tying together these new expectations and our position today, we are now expecting consolidated revenue 
growth of seven to 10% 
• 
We expect adjusted consolidated gross margins to be stronger than FY2009, improving 125 to 175BPS from 
FY2009’s adjusted 29.9% 
• 
Given the strong revenue growth and product mix, we now expect adjusted consolidated operating margin to be 
between 14 and 16% of net sales as compared to 13.3% during FY2009 
Operating and Net Income 

• 
In addition, for those of you who like to add some precision to your models between operating and net income, it 
is worth noting that our forecast for the Interest and Other line approximates $24mm for the full FY, as we have 
paid down debt and our variable interest rates are lower than last year 
• 
With the assumptions I just reviewed, we now expect full-year FY2010 adjusted EPS from continuing operations 
to be between $2.35 and $2.45, which is an increase of 26 to 31% from adjusted FY2009 EPS from continuing 
operations of $1.87 
• 
This also assumes an effective worldwide tax rate from continuing operations of approximately 27% 
Cash Flow 

• 
Finally, looking at operating cash flow, we now expect the performance of our businesses during FY2010 to 
translate into cash flow from operations of between 240 and $280mm 
• 
We are very proud of the team’s accomplishments during Q1 
• 
At the same time, we are all fully aware of the fact that the bar is now raised on expectations for the rest of the 
year 
• 
We are more focused than ever on keeping operations flowing smoothly across all areas of the business during 
this very productive time 
Joseph C. Papa 

Q1 Highlights 

Earnings 

• 
Now that Judy has provided you with the details from the quarter, I’d like to talk about our increased earnings 
guidance and how we came to that expected range 
• 
We had a great start to the year 
• 
Record first quarter earnings along with a strong start to Q2 gives me confidence that we will meet our revised 
forecast 
• 
So let me tell you what our assumptions are for that forecast 
Omeprazole 

• 
First, we are currently expecting competition for Omeprazole by the end of the CY2009 

• 
Second, we are forecasting a strong fiscal quarter – strong second fiscal quarter cough, cold season, then have 
these product sales of cough, cold, flu products return to more normalized level in H2 the FY 
• 
We will update you in our second quarter earnings call as we gain more visibility to the duration of the season 
• 
The forecast also assumes that the company continues to operate and execute well 
• 
Considering those factors, we now expect to grow adjusted EPS from continuing operations 26 to 31% over last 
year’s adjusted earnings 
• 
The company’s organic growth will continue with plans to bring more than 35 new products to the market this 
FY adding more than $120mm in new product sales 
• 
In fact, nearly a third of the new products for this year have already been launched this quarter, but late in Q1 
• 
We launched the generic form of MiraLAX in October 
• 
Brand sales for this product are approximately $200mm annually and growing 20% per year 
• 
Pending FDA approval and resolution of our legal issues, we expect to be in a position to bring the store brand 
version of Mucinex to the market within the next three to six months 
• 
Brand sales for this product are approximately $180mm annually 
• 
The store brand version of MONISTAT 1 is expected to come to the market during this FY 
• 
That product currently has approximately $80mm in annual branded sales 
• 
These are just some of the new products coming to the market this year 
• 
The Rx and API business segments have strong new products coming into the market this FY as well, with 
branded sales of over $80mm 
• 
While I have stated many times that there aren’t any Omeprazole-sized individual products coming to this 
market this year, however there are numerous quality products that will drive our growth 
ANDA 

• 
On September 13, we acquired the ANDA for clindamycin phosphate (1%) and benzoyl peroxide gel from KV 
for approximately $16mm in cash 
• 
This product is the equivalent to GSK’s Duac gel 
• 
Annual sales for the brand were approximately $165mm 
• 
Just last month, GSK dismissed its patent litigation with prejudice, allowing us to come to the market once we 
receive FDA approval, which we expect could occur in our FY2011 
• 
On October 13, we announced the filing of the ANDA for OTC Minoxidil topical aerosol foam, 5%, a generic 
form of men’s Rogaine foam, which has estimated sales at retail for approximately $52mm annually 
• 
This represents the sixth foam product filing with the FDA by Perrigo 
Tableting Facilities 

• 
Our operations have to be able to meet the demand caused by the current success 
• 
We are nearing completion of an addition to our tableting facilities here in Michigan that we expect to be online 
by the end of the CY 

• This expansion is proving to be very timely 
• Our current tablet run rate would mean that Perrigo could produce 48B tablets this year 
• That means that every second of every day, 1500 tablets are consumed by our patients 
• We are continuing to meet the record demand in our OTC business while adding these new products 
Summary 

In summary, we have made the investments in quality, and it continues to be our focus 

Customer service is good, even with the increased demand 

New products continue to drive our growth as we bring 35 plus new products to the market this FY 

As I stated earlier, we have already launched nearly a third of those products for the year already 

We believe our balance sheet is strong and positions Perrigo to stay the course for any market conditions while 
generating strong cash flow 

Our OTC business is a clear leader in the category 

Our Rx business is beating our expectations and is positioned to continue to capture opportunities in the ORx business 

Our results are strong 

• We are optimistic and excited about our future as we continue to focus on execution 
In this challenging environment, we are working together with our retailers to meet the demand from consumers for 
cough cold products 

Perrigo is the right company and the right place at the right time to meet the world’s growing need for quality 
affordable health care 

Q&A 

<Q - David Buck>: Thanks. Couple of quick questions. First on Consumer Health, can you talk maybe a little bit more 
specifically about what cough, cold was in the quarter? You mentioned just some late orders. Surprised there wasn’t a 
little bit more impact there. And for Judy, at the analyst meeting recently, you gave the fiscal ‘11 through ‘13 revenue 
growth and the five to 8%. Can you talk about for fiscal ‘11 whether or not you think you can be in line with that target 
after the strong year this year? And that’s it for now. Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Thank you, David. I’ll start with the first one. The cough cold influence in the quarter was 
actually less than perhaps many people would have guessed. Our cough cold sales are up approximately – we don’t 
normally break it out, but I can give you an approximation. We’re up approximately 11% vs. last year. Which actually 
if you do the comparison with the CHC, it actually slightly trailed the overall CHC growth of the 19%. So it wasn’t a 
big influence. We did see some early orders. The majority of the influence that we saw on cough cold really started 
right around that end of that September timeframe as we saw the dramatic increase in the incidence of flu around the 
country. Judy, you want to talk about the second part? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Sure. Obviously we’re not -- only one quarter into FY2010. We’re not standing here today 
saying that we’re going to start revising our out year guidance. We went to Analyst Day knowing to some extent that 
we were off to a good start to the year. We are not planning on revising that 20011, ‘13 framework that we provided on 
Analyst Day, noting that’s supposed to be a three-year compound average over that period of time. But certainly going 
into next year, we know that we have new products on tap also for next year. We have talked about the growth that 


we’re expecting in our Rx and API group, and obviously as we see this year unfolds and the mix of products, we’ll be 
able to talk more about how we expect Consumer Healthcare to continue to evolve as we look into those out years. So 
we are remaining with the guidance framework that we provided on Analyst Day, September 29. 

<Q - David Buck>: If I could sneak in one more question, could you talk a little bit, Joe, about what you’re hearing 
from the retailers in terms of inventory that they’re planning on carrying in H2? You mentioned that you’re expecting 
cough cold to get back to more normal levels, but what are you hearing about maybe preorder for that seasonal flu and 
inventories there? And also Nutritionals, can you give us an update there? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Let me start with the seasonal flu question and then Nutrition. First question, on the 
seasonal flu, candidly, it’s a very difficult to forecast seasonal flu. We are seeing unprecedented incidents of flu at this 
time. We look at maps of the country, and pretty much the entire country has been impacted by the seasonal flu at this 
time. The difficulty that we do not know is we, number one, are clearly seeing increased need for seasonal flu product 
at this time. The demand is very strong, and as I said, it’s predominantly showing up in our October numbers in terms 
of what we have experienced. Number two, it is hard for us to calibrate exactly how long the season will go. There is 
no question the peak is much earlier than expected. In a normal flu year, you see peak sales somewhere in the February 
timeframe. We are seeing a clear peak in the October timeframe as more and more people are talking about the flu and 
experiencing the flu and demand has gone up dramatically. 

The reason we have brought the flu levels down to a more normal season in H2 is just simply to be somewhat 
conservative relative to the incidents, because it is so high at this time, and normal flu dynamics tell you that once you 
get to a peak, sometimes you’ll flatten out for the remaining part of the year. So that’s how we are treating flu at this 
time. But early season, high incidence starting in the October timeframe, unclear as to whether or not it will peak 
though during this current quarter or we’ll have additional peak in H2 our year or the beginning of the CY2010. But 
we’re at this point modeling it just with the peak in the October, November, December timeframe. 

Second part of the question was Nutrition. Nutrition did experience good growth, although it is still lagging on its gross 
margin, and we’re continuing to take the steps to grow that business. The business has grown well. We need to 
continue to work on the gross margin opportunity for that business, and that’s something – a part of our ongoing 
operational efficiencies. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. Thank you. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Thanks. Good morning. First for Judy, on selling and admin, those expenses as a percent of sales 
have come down nicely. Are you doing anything differently there, or are we simply at the point where the absolute 
spend has sort of peaked going forward? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Great question. Thanks, Greg. SG&A in this quarter in particular was a bit low. We are still 
expecting the run rate for the full year to approximate 12.7%, which was the rate of last year for distribution, selling, 
general and admin. So I don’t expect that percentage to change. There were some fluctuations in timing of specific 
activities in this first quarter. So I would not use the dollar spend this quarter and approximate that out for the rest of 
the year. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Just to clarify, Judy on tax rate guidance, are you expecting 27 for the full year, which implies 
something higher than that for the remaining quarters individually? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: That’s exactly right. So we have gone from a 28% approximation in August, guiding it down 
slightly, to 27% now for the full year. And the anomaly this quarter, just to be clear, the reason we came out to 22.7% 
for this quarter is GAAP requires us to record discrete items when they happen in the quarter, and we had $4.6mm 
benefit in this quarter that all went straight through to the tax rate due to the fact that the Israel government changed the 
statutory tax rate in the quarter. So we were able to take a one-time benefit, and that also rolls then into the full FY 
going from 28 to 27%. So the remaining quarters we’ll probably pick up a bit higher with mix, but the good guy this 
time was a one-time benefit for us. 


<Q - Greg Gilbert>: And, Joe, two product questions for you. On MiraLAX, do you have a shared goal that you’ll 
share, and what’s the relative gross margin on that product compared to the rest of the business? And on Mucinex and 
the follow up products that will come out in the coming years, what do you expect from URL/Mutual when you launch 
your store brand versions? I understand they have an authorized generic or authorized store brand deal, although I’m 
not sure what their capabilities are. So can you just paint us a picture of how competitive you expect the Mucinex lines 
to be going forward? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Okay. You asked me a couple different questions there, Greg. Let me try to make sure I get all 
of them. First of all, on the growth of the store brand version of the PEG or the MiraLAX generic product, we do 
expect that store brands will reach approximately 40% of the MiraLAX share, so in other words store brand share will 
reach approximately 40%. That will take, we believe, 12 to 18 months. Very consistent with previous expectations that 
we had previously given for a product like Cetirizine and Omeprazole. So 40% store brand store is the first part of the 
question. Of the business that Perrigo has within the store brand, we expect that Perrigo’s store brand share of 
MiraLAX or PEG will be over 80%. So Perrigo will have over 80% of the store brand share that is gained for this 
product. On the second question, I think you asked, it was about Mucinex. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Sorry, Joe, the relative gross margin on PEG vs. the rest of your Consumer business? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: It’s higher than my average gross margin. So with most of my new products, Greg, gross 
margin for new products that we launched recently has been higher than the average gross margin of Perrigo, which 
reflects products that are, some of the products in our total portfolio go back 10, 15 years. The newer products, as 
certainly the case with PEG, will be higher gross margin than my average. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Next question I think was on Mucinex and our expectations for URL/Mutual I think is the 
second part of the question. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Yes. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: We do expect that there is a potential for URL/Mutual to launch a store brand of the Mucinex 
product. However, having said that, I think most of the retailers respect the fact that Perrigo will put together a program 
that is not just manufacturing or having product available, but it will be a full turnkey program when we get to the 
market for this product, which means that we’ll put together not only the product in the tablets in the bottle, but we’ll 
put together a full marketing program that helps to reinforce that this product is comparable to the Mucinex products 
once we get FDA approval and get to the market based on our legal issues. So I do think we will do well with the 
product, very similar to the products like our MiraLAX product or like the Cetirizine or like the Omeprazole, we’ll get 
that kind of a market share. And our share of store brand, we will be a significant player of the store brand market for 
the product. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Thank you. I’ll get back in line now. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Thanks for taking my question. Joe, just a clarification. I thought you’d said at your analyst 
meeting that cough cold and flu is tracking 16% as you’re leaving the month. Is that correct? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: The actual cough, cold, flu was ahead at the Analyst Day 16% vs. the previous year. That is 
correct. But however, that was the incidence of the cough cold flu. What I shared with you on our 11% growth, if that’s 
what is causing the confusion, that’s an internal number reflecting our sales in the quarter was the 11%. The actual – it 
was 11% cough cold increase vs. last year for our sales. The 16% was the incidence of the cough cold flu during, vs. 
the previous year. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Got it. So just a conceptual question. Obviously very strong quarter and strong 
outlook. So I guess the main question is what’s really changed from the Analyst Day September 29, and why not take 
numbers up at that point? And the source of my question is I’m just trying to understand how much conservatism there 
might still be in the numbers from here. 


<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Well, let me say during the analyst meeting that we did at the end of September, I believe 
you would say we were very positive on the tailwinds that we had supporting the products, supporting the business. 
And we just as a company don’t go out with numbers until we finish our quarter, have a chance to do the analysis and 
make sure that we are consistent with where we think the growth is from a forecasted point of view for the year, not 
just simply from any individual quarter. We have a very rigorous analysis because it reflects new products, it reflects 
all of the assumptions that go into putting probability weighting on getting new products to the market, et cetera, et 
cetera. So we’re not ready at that point to give you specifics until we finish that. And as I said, we’ve finished that over 
the last several weeks. Now, do we think we have positive tailwinds? Absolutely. To me one of the big questions will 
be is when do we see the competition for Omeprazole. Right now, we’re expecting it by the end of the current CY, so 
by the end of December 2009 is our expectation for competition on Omeprazole. If you have a different assumption on 
there, you get the different numbers, of course. But that’s really how we’re trying to reflect it based on the expectations 
of the team at this time. As to whether there is conservatism in this, I think it really will reflect on some of those key 
assumptions. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Fair enough. So if we take – and obviously a lot of strength came from the Consumer 
business. And as I look at it, it sounds like the increased Omeprazole assumption, perhaps some cough cold and flu, 
drove a lot of the 200 basis point full-year growth assumption that you’ve built into your new guidance. So if we take 
that back of the envelope, I guess 30 to $35mm in graded revenue, is that the appropriate way to think about the benefit 
from those two products? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: I don’t agree with the first part of your assumption, Randall, in the sense that do I think 
Omeprazole is important? Yes. Do I believe that the cough cold flu at least as we’re seeing in the current quarter is 
going to strengthen our revenue growth? Yes. But I just want to be clear, what we are seeing that’s got to be an 
important part of this is the move to store brand. The continued movement to store brand as a result of the challenging 
economy we see, and of course the retailers’ move to greater utilization of store brand I think is the other important 
what I would call macro trend that is really affecting our business and allowing us to continue to show strong growth. 
And of course, the only other point I want to make relative to your comments is the new products. When we put our 
new products forecast together, we put it with a probability weighting. When I actually now can have the MiraLAX 
PEG product realized, that helps me, new products helps me, because the probability factor comes out of the equation, 
if you understand my comment. Prior to the October 6 time period when we launched, it had a probability weighting. 
We expected it, but it’s not a 100% probability. Now the product’s out there. The probability weighting gets much 
stronger of course. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Right. No, I think we’re on the same page. My question is just revolving around the fact that 
perhaps should we be thinking about further upside than 200BPS of growth in the Consumer business, because it 
sounds like you have a lot of things going in the right direction across several products. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: We do. I just don’t know – as I said, we really feel that the forecast that we have here with the 
assumptions we have here is a reasonable number. Judy, I don’t know if there is anything else that you want to add to 
that question. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Again, we’re at quarter one, and we’re looking at now where we stand with one quarter behind 
us and the mix of product, as Joe added, with the probability weighting, one quarter’s worth of probability weighting 
being able to come off this. So whether you believe our assumptions on the timing of cough cold flu and/or competition 
in Omeprazole are overly conservative, that will remain to be seen. We’ll continue to guide through the rest of the year 
as assumptions on those critical two items will change. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Fair enough. Good quarter, guys. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Thank you, Randall. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Hi there. First question I have for you is that almost 75% of the new products in the Consumer 
Health came from the acquisitions, the JB Labs, Diba, and Unico. And I don’t think you guys have given us any clear 
gross margin assumptions out of those acquired products, but can you maybe give us some color on it or at least maybe 


an aggregate of how it represents according to the rest of the business? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Okay. I’ll start, and Judy you can make comment. Because the first comment is that some of 
the acquisitions that we have acquired that have been both on the contract manufacturing side such as JB but also on 
some of the pediatric electrolyte business, such as the Unico business that we acquired, those gross margins in general 
at this point are slightly below or approximate our current Consumer Health Care gross margin, somewhere in that 
range. So they’re not going to drive gross margin out of those areas. They’re going to be slightly down to flat with our 
overall gross margin, I guess is the first part of the question. The second part of the question or part of the comment 
was that that was the major driver of new products, and that is not correct. So I’m not sure if we said something that 
caused some confusion on that. But the new products have been mostly in the area of existing over-the-counter and 
nutritional products that we have launched as well as some of the API type opportunities. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. I understood 36mm of incremental sales of acquisition of JB, Unico and Diba, and 49mm 
of new products, so I was just using those two numbers. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: You were combining them. So, yes, we were referencing the inorganic sales coming from the 
acquisitions and expansion as a preexisting or organic growth side. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. [inaudible] 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: All right. I understand. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: All right. On Omeprazole, have you seen any inventory impact to date? And just sort of I guess 
curiosity, what do you assume in terms of which customers go? Do they come in with one customer? Do they come in 
with three small customers? What are your assumptions in that regard? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. First of all, the question on Omeprazole, there hasn’t been any major builds in inventory, 
if that was the question. I would say our inventory position in terms of days sales on hand is relatively comparable with 
last year, maybe down slightly in terms of days sales on hand at our customers. But no major changes within our 
customer vs. the year ago, first comment. On the second comment, on Omeprazole, our expectation is that the product 
from our competitor will come to the market, as I said, by the end of the current year. Our expectation, though, is that 
they will be an incremental add to the customer. In other words, our product will be in the customer. It’s a very strong 
brand of Omeprazole, store brand Omeprazole. This is, because I’d say different product. It’s a capsule, and most 
customers, our expectation will be an incremental add for the customer. So they will have our product on the shelf, but 
they will also add the capsule product from our competitor. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: So not replacing you in whatever customer? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Well, at this time we have no basis for understanding anyone that would replace us. It would 
really be more of an incremental add is the expectation at this time. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. And then just very lastly, what are the lead products in the I guess the ORx category you 
mentioned, the over-the-counter Rx? What is really leading the way for you? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: We don’t go into individual products in that area because of competitive purposes, but I think 
it’s fair to say that if you look at the products that have switched from prescription to over-the-counter over the last five 
years, those will be the leading categories that we -- where we play in that space. It really is. We don’t for competitive 
reason want to talk about any specific products in the category, but products that have switched from prescription to 
over-the-counter status in the last five years really would be the major drivers. 

<Q - Scott Hirsch>: Okay. Thank you. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thanks, good morning. Question on your research and development spending. It’s relatively flat 
here in the quarter, it was down about 50BPS as a ratio. I wondered if you could give us some updates on your research 
development spending plans as far as is it going to be held at a lower level going forward or should we expect that to 
with timing to bounce back. Is there something going on there? 


<A - Joseph C. Papa>: No, it will bounce back, Derek. It really is just a normal quarterly variation. We expect it to be 
approximately 4%. It’s very consistent with where we have been in the past. It’s just you always get a little bit of 
oscillation depending on what clinical work gets accomplished during the quarter. But 4% is still our assumption. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: So it’s a longer term target as well, right? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yes 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: And as I’ve commented on in earlier calls just to remind everyone, we include our Paragraph 
IV litigation cost in the R&D line, so between the lumpiness that can happen with clinical trial timing as well as the 
lumpiness that might happen with paragraphs for the defense costs, quarter-to-quarter there can be some variability, but 
it’s still 4% for the year according to our forecast. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And of course the external R&D when you buy products, that winds up in a different area as 
well, right? So... 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Let me be clear in that when we buy a product, if we do the continuing R&D work, it would 
stay in our normal R&D budget. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Correct. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: I think if you’re talking more about the specific dollars, for example in our acquisition of 
Duac, that would be outside, if that’s what your question is. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Yeah, that is my question. It has to do with other products that you might be adding here. I 
mean, you have obviously the ability to go out and buy these products now, and it’s my understanding is there’s 
probably more available. I wondered if we’ll see more of that type of arrangement going forward? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah, I think that’s a good comment. It’s a fair comment. We at Perrigo believe that the 
opportunity to do these bolt-on acquisitions whether it’s an individual product or a business that is an adjacent product 
category, represent a good opportunity for us to go forward and use our strength of our balance sheet to go out and pick 
up these opportunities. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And just a final question on your international expansion. Can you provide an update on that 
project? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Just as a reminder, everyone, we talked about two other areas of growth -- one was the 
adjacent product category, the second one is the international opportunity as we look to expand internationally. We 
have dedicated resources to that. I’ve put together a team of people that are out looking for opportunities either through 
acquisition and/or joint venture where we would bring the product portfolio Perrigo has today in the U.S., in England, 
in Mexico, in Canada, and take that product portfolio and bring it to other geographical areas with the opportunity. We 
have resources dedicated that are looking for what the best way to do this. Is it through an acquisition, or is it through 
some kind of a joint venture opportunity? And we’re looking at Europe as well as Latin America, South America, and 
some degree some Asia opportunities for that to come to fruition. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: So as far as your guidance is concerned, there’s really no assumption for anything from that 
project at this point in time? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: No assumption in any acquisition is not in the assumption at this time. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Hi, just a few questions. First question is with respect to your FY2010 guidance. Just curious if 
you’re maintaining the prescription growth rate of five to 7% and then the API business being flat for FY2010? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: I commented earlier that we were now expecting the generic Rx business to grow top line in the 
mid teens. 


<Q - Louise Chen>: And then second thing is at your Analyst Day, you talked about how you expect the Rx and API 
business to be increasingly larger growth drivers going forward over the next three years. Can you elaborate more on 
what’s going to be driving that? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: That question is very – it’s a very good question. It really refers back to our expectations for 
new products. We’ve made some very sizable investments in the new product side of the equation for the Rx team. Rx 
R&D is somewhere closer to the 10% of sales, so we’re making some big – we have made some big investments over 
the last three years that I’ve been with Perrigo in the Rx side, and really what we’re just going to see is that come to 
fruition. On the API side, it’s a little different question there. That business just by how it happens is more of a lumpier 
business. We’ve had a couple of years of what I would call lesser performance, and now we’re just seeing better return 
to the norms for that business. And that’s going to help drive the increased growth in the future for the API business. So 
one of the products that we had talked about is Temizol, a my product opportunity. Certainly in Europe, that is one 
example of the opportunity to bring new products to the market on the API side, but it by far is a lumpier business and 
has more variation in the quarterly results and we expect the API business to improve just on the new product side. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: And the last question is just on the distribution and support services agreement related to the sale 
of your Israeli Consumer business. Is there a financial impact of that, or how meaningful is the financial impact of that? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: So what we agreed with the buyers’ party in order to have a very smooth transition and to have 
a seamless handing of the baton for our U.S. customers would be that we would provide distribution support services 
for a fee over that period of time, but in terms of the materiality of the numbers or contribution to the bottom-line EPS, 
it would be next to invisible, perhaps a penny, but not something that would really move the needle. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Okay. Thank you. 

<Q - David Risinger>: Yes, thanks very much. You obviously have some tremendous growth drivers ahead. But you 
mentioned a couple of areas where you’re expecting competition, and I’m not sure what type of disclosure you provide, 
but is there any way that you can quantify the run rate of Omeprazole and smoking cessation for your company and the 
degree and the impact of competition that you expect just so that we can understand what level of competition to expect 
and how to think about the progression of the numbers? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Okay. Good question. On the growth drivers, clearly I’ll start with the new products. It’s the 
move to the store brand as being certainly part of the growth drivers, and it’s new products, the incremental new 
products. Having said that, there are a couple there that we have made expectations on Omeprazole, for example. We 
have said Omeprazole is a 200 plus million dollar product, and our expectation is that we will see the additional 
appearance of one additional player in the marketplace for Omeprazole and our expectation right now is that it’s at the 
end of this current CY. We have not given a specific numbers as to what percent share and/or what will be the pricing 
impact, because we just don’t have that information. We make assumptions on it, but you can use that from basically 
any other two-player market that is where it occurs. 

The one thing though that has to be mentioned though on Omeprazole that is an important part of this question is that 
the total market for store brand Omeprazole continues to grow. So it’s not as if it is hit in – like generic Rx you hit a 
very high peak of 85, 90% generic erosion within the first couple of weeks and you stay there and then you come down 
as you face additional competition. In this particular case, we are now store brand Omeprazole is in the 40 plus percent 
share, but it’s continuing to grow. So at the same time that we will get a new competitor, we’ll still see increased 
utilization of store brand Omeprazole. And that’s part of the total expansion of the pie. So that’s part of what we’re 
looking at in terms of Omeprazole. Nicotine, there is one other player in the marketplace. That player received an 
approval on the nicotine-coated gum. I believe it was early CY2009, and they have share. They in fact have a couple 
different customers they have share with, and that pretty much is a relatively stable market. There’s going to be some 
gains and losses for that individual customer, but we don’t see big changes in the nicotine business from where we are 
today. 

<Q - David Risinger>: And how big is that business for you? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: We don’t give out those individual category numbers because of for competitive purposes. 


<Q - David Risinger>: Okay. Thank you. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Hi, how are you? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Hi, Linda. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: I know you don’t want to probably talk too much about pricing assumptions and 
everything for Omeprazole, but can you think of another example in the Perrigo portfolio of products where you had 
some exclusivity on a high margin product like this for a long period of time and then another single competitor came 
into the market and what the price discount was that made its way into the market? Is it 5%, 10%, 20%? And also I’m 
sure you have measures that you’re working on to try to maintain the growth margin of Omeprazole even if the price 
comes down. Would that be true, or do you think there will be some growth margin degradation? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: It’s a great question. Relative to Omeprazole once again, I really can’t comment on any 
individual product. It obviously would depend on who the competitor is and what their current situation is. However, I 
think as a general rule, if you ask me what’s the general rule, I think something like 10 to 20% pricing decrease is a 
possibility in any general rule when a new competitor shows up into a marketplace. That’s, something like that is a 
possibility. 10 to 20% pricing reduction. But I will tell you on a gross margin, one of the things that we have done – I 
think very effectively is I think as you know, we have an API business. That API business has run the cost of goods 
analysis if we were to make the Omeprazole active ingredient ourselves. It gives us a very good what I would call a 
credible threat to understand, if we can understand what the cost of the API is, it helps us to negotiate better for a good 
strong cost of goods and improvement in cost of goods relative to the active ingredient, which usually active ingredient 
runs something like 40 to 50% of the total cost of the business, the product. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: So your agreement with your partner on that product allows you to perhaps take it 
in-house at some point? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: No, I want to be clear. We can source – it’s where is the API source for, the active ingredient. 
Where is that sourced from? That the ability to get the best cost of goods for the active ingredient portion of that 
product, it’s important to know what the actual run rate would be, and then to utilize that as you negotiate to get the 
best cost of goods for, a fair cost of goods for your product. And the ability to do it ourselves gives us a good 
understanding of how much we should or should not receive for the cost of goods of the product. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Okay. And then can I just ask on the proceeds from the sale of the Israeli business, is that 

– do you take a tax hit if you – is that money abroad? In other words, can you only use it going forward for an 
acquisition that’s international, or can you use it for a U.S. acquisition? 
<A - Judy L. Brown>: Well, we have not finalized the cash flow on all of this yet. We’re just announcing it this 
morning. Suffice it to say that there is going to be tax planning that goes into the process of closing the transaction, and 
while we may be able to repatriate some of that cash, there is also a list of opportunities -- we’re looking at making 
investments internationally as well. So I’m not going to commit one way or the other if the cash is going to stay there, 
stay internationally or come back. But we believe that there would be opportunity also in our international operations as 
we’re doing a lot of growth, as you know with the transition to India and investments we’re making in upgrading our 
facility in Israel as well. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Operator, I think we maybe have time for one more question. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: I was wondering, Joe, if you could comment on the – you obviously expect competition in 
Omeprazole now by the end of the current CY. Is that based on any new kind of market intelligence, or is the visibility 
better now on that than it was, say, three months ago? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah, it’s really based on just the fact that they, our competitor received an approval for this 
product in June, June of 2009. Our expectation was candidly they would be in the market by this time. However, since 


they are not, we just wanted to move it out essentially one quarter. We really do not have any other intelligence that 
tells us they’re coming to the market other than just that we felt it was prudent not to expect them not to come to the 
market. So we said we’d move it out one quarter to the end of December 2009. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thanks. Just one more quick one. I was wondering if you could comment broadly on what 
you’re seeing in the channel, both from a – your major retail customers that might explain kind of the continued share 
gains for store brands relative to brands? And then what are you seeing from your branded competitors? Is there more 
price promotion going on, price rollbacks that you’re either seeing or may expect to see going forward? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Good question. On the channel side, all of the retailers that we have had a chance to interact 
with are really talking about the importance of the store brand private label offering. They see it as being an important 
way, especially in the current economic situation we find ourselves in, to move additional business to store brand 
because of the fact that people are looking for a better value equation because our products are FDA approved to be 
identical to the brand in the sense that they get the same efficacy, the store brand offering has become very important to 
consumers as they look for better value. And we’re just seeing more and more of that in the marketplace. On the 
question of the brand side, what we’re seeing there is predominantly additional couponing and additional promotional 
activities. We haven’t seen anyone lower their base price. It’s just been additional couponing type efforts to try to look 
at what we are doing in the store brand category. So strong, strong growth in the use of store brand as consumers seek 
the better value equation of store brands. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thank you. Congratulations. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Thank you, Jon. 

Joseph C. Papa 

Closing Remarks 

Everyone, I just would say thank you very much for your attention to our numbers and your participation in today’s call 

We are very excited about what it means for Perrigo going into the future, and I once again would just like to thank the 
6,000 plus people at Perrigo who are working very hard to deliver these results and focus on quality affordable health 
care products. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


