Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Joseph C. Papa 
• Judy L. Brown 
Other Participants 

• Dewey Steadman 
• Randall Stanicky 
• Gregg Gilbert 
• Linda Bolton Weiser 
• Louise Chen 
• Frank Pinkerton 
• Jon Anderson 
• This concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Joseph C. Papa 

Business Perspective 

Income from Continuing Operations 

• 
Now, let’s discuss the quarter 
• 
We had a great quarter with record first quarter sales of $641mm plus record adjusted income from continuing 
operations up 22% from last year on a 21% net sales growth 
Adjusted Operating Margins 

• 
On top of that, consolidated adjusted operating margins from continuing operations was 19.2%, driven by gross 
margin expansion and the acquisition of our infant formula business, PBM. 
Nutritionals 

• 
Our new reportable segment, Nutritionals, which includes infant formulas, vitamin and mineral supplements, and 
oral electrolyte solutions, exceeded our expectations due to strong performance in the infant formula business 
• 
Net sales in Nutritionals were $123mm with adjusted operating income of $24mm 
• 
I am very pleased by the rapid progress the PBM Nutritionals team has made with the launch of a new store 
brand label redesign program and also larger package sizes for several of our leading retailers in quarter one 
fiscal ‘11 

Generic Rx Business 

• 
Our generic Rx business segment had another strong quarter, as it continues to execute ahead of our expectations 
• 
Generic Rx net sales increased 47%, and adjusted operating income grew 20% 
• 
The strength has been from the Rx base business, which continues to grow, as competitors work through 
manufacturing issues 
API Segment 

• 
Our API segment continues to perform well, with a 13% increase in net sales and 141% increase in operating 
income 
• 
This was driven by strong European sales of temozolomide during the quarter 
Consumer Healthcare Unit 

• 
Our Consumer Healthcare unit had another all-time record first quarter sales, up 4% vs. last year 
• 
This performance was driven by $17mm in new product sales 
• 
Looking at slide three, the overall OTC consumer market was up just 1% vs. last year, with national brands down 
nearly 4% 
• 
But store brands gained 15% on the strength of new product launches, national brand recalls, and increased 
market share gains 
• 
The analgesics category was obviously impacted by a recall at a competitor 
• 
However, all the individual store brand categories were up 
• 
Please note that this data represents the last 52 weeks activity 
Remediation of FDA Warning Letter 

• 
The obvious question in our OTC business is why weren’t revenues even higher? 
• 
The simple answer is that as we work through the remediation of the FDA warning letter at our Allegan, 
Michigan, facility, the throughput in that facility was pressured over the summer months 
• 
At the end of the quarter one, we had approximately $25 to $30mm of consumer healthcare sales demand, or 
backlog, that we could not ship during Q1 
• 
This backlog was carried into Q2 and shipped during early Q2 
Summary 

• 
In summary, our business performance has exceeded our expectations during quarter one and we are raising our 
full-year guidance 
• 
I know you may have questions about our updated guidance and our market share gains, and I’ll get into that 
detail shortly 
Judy L. Brown 


Financial Performance 

As you just heard from Joe, on a consolidated basis, we had a strong start to the year, even more so than we had 
anticipated, given the challenges we nearly faced related to the remediation of our Allegan warning letter 

During the next few minutes, I’ll give you a brief overview of our FY2011 first quarter results and then review our 
revised expectations for the remainder of the year 

I’d like to remind you that my comments today are focused exclusively on results from continuing operations 

Also, as you review the press release from this morning, you’ll note that the company has realigned its financial 
presentations to include a new reportable segment, Nutritionals 

• 
This Nutritionals segment consists of infant formulas and foods, oral electrolyte solutions and vitamin, mineral 
and supplement products 
I’ll review the results of this segment today and will also provide an update for the guidance reflecting this new 
segment 

Consolidated Net Sales and Gross Profit 

• 
And now on to the results 
• 
As Joe noted, on a consolidated basis, we had a strong y-over-y growth this quarter 
• 
As you can see on slide four, consolidated net sales increased 21% to a quarterly record of $641mm 
• 
Consolidated GAAP gross profit also had strong growth of 31% for a 33.4% gross margin 
• 
This gross profit dollar expansion, combined with operating expense leverage, enabled us to grow consolidated 
GAAP operating income 55% 
• 
On slide five, you’ll see that we have excluded one item, deal-related amortization, from our analysis of the 
adjusted operating basis financials for Q1 FY2011 and three items from Q1 FY2010 
• 
You may view the reconciliation from the reported GAAP numbers to our adjusted non-GAAP numbers in the 
Appendix to this slide presentation and to our press release 
Revenue 

• 
Now, I’ll take you through the rest of the financial analysis based on adjusted results from continuing operations 
• 
On slide six, you can see again that we had strong fourth quarter revenue growth y-over-y, driven primarily by 
the acquisitions of PBM and Orion, which added nearly $83mm, and also strong consolidated new product sales 
of approximately $49mm 
Adjusted Consolidated Gross Profit 

• 
We had strong growth in adjusted consolidated gross profit, up 32% over last year 
• 
This adjusted gross profit growth was also driven primarily by the acquisitions of PBM and Orion and from 
new product sales 
• 
Those factors also combined to help drive our adjusted gross margin up 280BPS over last year to a very strong 
34.5% 

• 
This is despite the margin pressure related to the structure of our partnership for the authorized generic of Aldara, 
in which we recognize all the sales, but keep only a percentage of the profit 
• 
In addition, this adjusted gross margin also includes incremental costs related to our warning letter 
remediation activity 
EPS 

• 
Our performance this quarter translated into a 23% increase in adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations 
to $0.87, up from $0.71 last year 
Business Segment Results 

Consumer Healthcare 

• 
Now, let’s move on to the business segments 
• 
Looking to slide seven in our Consumer Healthcare segment, I again remind you that part of the business has 
been split off into the new Nutritionals segment, which I’ll review in a moment 
• 
Consumer Healthcare’s first quarter net sales increased 4% y-over-y 
• 
The growth in sales comes from an approximately: 
• 
$18mm increase in sales of existing products, primarily in the analgesics, cough, cold and feminine hygiene 
categories 
• 
$17mm of new product sales, primarily in gastrointestinal and smoking cessation 
• 
And lastly, incremental sales of $7mm from the acquisition of Orion 
• 
These increases were partially offset by $21mm decrease in existing product sales in the smoking cessation and 
contract manufacturing categories 
• 
We have been experiencing increased competition in smoking cessation, which was the primary pressure in that 
category during the quarter 
• 
We also had an additional $5mm decrease of cough-cold products in our United Kingdom business due to the 
relative timing of the flu season in that market vs. last year 
Core Base Business 

• 
Overall, our core base business is performing well, despite the throughput pressures in manufacturing, as Joe 
mentioned in his opening remarks 
• 
We enter Q2, however, with strong demand and with sizeable products order backlog that we have going 
• 
The small increase to adjusted gross profit was driven by a combination of new product sales and the 
acquisition of Orion 
• 
The 50 basis point decline in adjusted gross margin was due primarily to increased investments in quality 
and the aforementioned pressure from competition in smoking cessation 
• 
During the quarter, we also saw a positive benefit to cost of goods sold from supply chain and procurement 
initiatives 

Nutritionals 

• 
On slide eight, you see that our new Nutritionals segment had a strong quarter that benefited the overall company 
• 
The acquisition of PBM was the main driver of the net sales increase, which was partially offset by a year 
over-year decrease in net sales of vitamins, mineral, and supplement products 
• 
The year is off to a good start in infant nutrition, with net sales ahead of our expectations 
• 
Demand for our infant formula products was strong and we are very excited about the future opportunities for 
that product category 
• 
The adjusted gross margin improvement was driven by both the acquisition of PBM and by very strong 
y-over-y improvement in the vitamin, and mineral, and supplement product category, which, if you recall, was 
still recovering from a challenging period of high commodity prices and capacity constraints last year 
• 
Adjusted gross and operating margins in the infant formula category were also above our expectation 
Rx Business 

• 
On slide nine, you can see that the Rx business continues its strong performance 
• 
Net sales growth was driven by new product sales, primarily Imiquimod Cream, the authorized generic of Aldara 
• 
Adjusted gross profit for the quarter was strong compared to last year, due to the success of new product sales, as 
well as improvements in pricing 
• 
As expected, we experienced a decline y-over-y in adjusted gross margins attributable to the sizeable gross 
profit dollar contribution of the authorized generic partnership with Graceway Pharmaceuticals for Aldara 
• 
Adjusted operating margin was down 660BPS, largely due to the impact on adjusted gross margin of the Aldara 
AGI just mentioned, but it was partially offset, however, by SG&A leverage from the increased product sales 
seen in the quarter 
API Segment 

• 
Next, looking at the API segment on slide 10, first quarter net sales were up 13% compared to last year 
• 
This growth was driven by new product sales of temozolomide in Europe, which was further benefited due to a 
recall at our only generic competitor there 
• 
Sales of temozolomide in Europe were also a major driver of the 1,200 basis-point expansion in adjusted gross 
margins 
• 
Temozolomide and decreased expenses related to the restructuring in Germany together helped to drive an over 
1,500 basis-point increase in adjusted operating margin this quarter 
Balance Sheet Highlights 
Working Capital 

• 
Now, some quick highlights on our balance sheet 
• 
Excluding cash and current investments, working capital from continuing operations was $387mm at the end of 
the quarter, up from $348mm at this time last year 

• 
The increase was primarily related to the acquisitions of PBM and Orion 
Cash Flow 

• 
Cash flow from operations for Q1 was a negative $6mm, caused in large part by the timing of our quarterly sales, 
payments of FY2010 management variable incentive compensation and tax payments 
• 
There is no change from our original August guidance of 350 to $380mm of operating cash flow expected for the 
full year FY2011 
• 
As of September 25, 2010, total current and long-term debt on the face of the balance sheet was $905mm 
• 
This is down sequentially from $1.34B at the end of FY2010 and is primarily the result of the closeout of the 
$400mm back-to-back loan, which has been in place since 2005 
Net Debt 

• 
Excluding cash, cash equivalents and current investment securities, our net debt to total capital at the end of Q1 
FY2011 was 41.3% 
• 
Subsequent to the end of Q1, we took another proactive step to further strengthen our balance sheet, while 
enhancing our long-term financial flexibility 
Refinancing Activity 

• 
Given the very favorable lending markets for companies with our very solid credit profile, we decided to do an 
early refinance of our $100mm term loan 
• 
We replaced the 2011 maturity loan with $150mm term loan with a final maturity in October 2015 and used the 
additional $50mm to pay down the remainder of outstanding revolving debt 
• 
We also then increased our total revolver from $250mm to $350mm to reflect the growth in total assets on our 
balance sheet from $1.7B in 2005, when we opened this revolver, to $3.1B at the end of FY2010 
Dividend 

• 
After this refinancing, based on the amount of variable and fixed rate debt outstanding in current LIBOR rate 
environment, our weighted average cost of debt is now below 5% 
• 
This quarter, we also paid approximately $6mm in dividends or $0.0625 per share 
• 
I’d also like to note that last Wednesday, our board of directors raised the quarterly dividend 12% to $0.07 per 
share 
FY2011 Earnings Outlook 

Now I’d like to discuss our updated earnings outlook for FY2011 

As a reminder, our earnings outlook will be based on adjusted financials from continuing operations, which now 
exclude deal-related amortization 

I’d also like to note that for your modeling convenience, we’ve provided quarterly and full-year financial non-GAAP 
reconciliations for FY2010, reflecting this new methodology 


Those reconciliations can be found attached to the press release and as well on our website 

EPS 

• 
First, looking to our consolidated projections on slide 11, for FY2011, we are increasing our expected adjusted 
diluted EPS from continuing operations for the year to be between $3.50 and $3.75, an increase of between 19 
and 24%, compared to FY2010’s $3.03 
Segment Perspective 

Consumer Healthcare 

• 
Looking to our segments, following the division of our Consumer Healthcare segment, we anticipate CHC 
revenue growth of 7 to 9% 
• 
Driven by new product sales, increased sales in analgesics and children’s suspension products related to 
challenges of our competitors, and the acquisition of Orion 
• 
We expect this to translate into a FY2011 adjusted gross margin of between 32 and 33%, and an adjusted 
operating margin of between 18 and 19% 
Nutritionals 

• 
In our new Nutritionals segment, we expect sales to be nearly double that of the full-year sales for FY2010, 
mainly due to the acquisition of PBM. 
• 
We expect FY2011 adjusted gross margin of between 34 and 36% and an adjusted operating margin of 
between 18 and 19% 
Rx 

• 
In Rx, we now expect top line growth of over 30% compared to FY2010, driven primarily by new products 
• 
We expect adjusted gross margin to be in a range of 44 to 46% and adjusted operating margin to be in a range 
of 31.5 to 33%.I want to remind you again that there is some downward pressure y-over-y in adjusted gross 
margins related to our partnership and the authorized generic of Aldara 
• 
However, sales of this product will provide a healthy contribution to net sales, adjusted gross profits and 
adjusted operating income for the year 
API 

• 
In our API segment, we now expect a slight decline in top line sales compared to FY2010 
• But please note that our assumptions here do not include any sales related to the potential launch of the 
U.S. generic temozolomide 
• 
However, with new product sales this year and improved productivity, we expect API gross margin to be in a 
range of 44 to 46% and adjusted operating margin to be in a range of 22 to 24%, both improvements from last 
year 
Consolidated Net Sales and Gross Margin 


• 
Summing everything up, back at the consolidated P&L level on slide 12, we now estimate consolidated net sales 
growth to be at the lower end of our August guidance range of 20 to 23% over FY2010 
• 
This increase will be driven by acquisitions, new product sales of over $180mm and growth in our base business 
• 
We continue to estimate adjusted consolidated gross margin between 34 and 35%, which includes the 
incremental costs related to our resolution of the FDA warning letter 
R&D and Operating Margin 

• 
We expect R&D expense to approximate 3.5% of net sales 
• 
This then translates into an adjusted consolidated operating margin range of between 18 and 19% 
Tax Rate,EPS and Cash Flow 

• 
Lastly, for our planning purposes, we continue to assume an effective worldwide tax rate from continuing 
operations of approximately 29% 
• 
In total, this brings us to an estimate of adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operations of between $3.50 and 
$3.75 
• 
As mentioned earlier, we continue to expect cash flow from operations to be between 350 and $380mm for the 
full year 
Summary 

• 
FY2011 is off to a fine start financially 
• 
While the operating teams are working diligently to meet the strong demand for our products, we will likewise 
continue our focus on further strengthening our already strong financial foundation 
Joseph C.Papa, Chairman and CEO. 

Future Prospects 

Now that Judy has given you all the details from the quarter, I’d like to talk about our increased earnings guidance and 
how we came to that expected range 

We’ve had a great start to the year 

Record first quarter earnings, along with a strong start for Q2, gives me confidence that we will meet our revised 
forecast 

Product Demand 

• 
Demand for our products is very high, as evidenced by the market data, and production output has returned to 
more normalized levels, allowing us to improve our customer service 
Infant Formula Product 


• 
Also adding to my confidence in the increased guidance is the recall of a competitor’s national brand infant 
formula product 
• 
Nearly all the incremental sales due to that recall began in Q2 our FY. 
• 
Additionally, another competitor in the infant formula segment recently received a warning letter 
• 
We cannot predict any outages for this infant formula product, but we’ll monitor the situation closely to make 
sure we are prepared for all possible outcomes 
• 
Just to reiterate, the new fiscal ‘11 guidance does not include any contribution from the potential U.S. launch of 
temozolomide or the Rx-to-OTC switch for Allegra 
• 
The company’s organic growth will continue 
• 
We expect to bring more than 50 new products to market this FY, adding more than $180mm in new product 
sales, of which nearly 25% of these new products were already sold during Q1 
Generic Rx Base and API Business 

• 
The generic Rx base business continues to grow as competitors work through their manufacturing issues 
• 
We also expect new products in H2 our FY to add to this growth of the Rx business 
• 
Our API business is poised for very strong growth, with the EU temozolomide launch and the potential U.S. 
launch of temozolomide 
Quality 

• 
Quality continues to be our highest priority at Perrigo 
• 
The FDA is appropriately continually raising quality standards globally to ensure the highest product safety for 
patients 
• 
We are investing in the necessary resources and making the incremental investments in quality to go beyond the 
FDA’s expectations 
FDA’s Reinspection 

• 
We expect to resolve the warning letter and look forward to the FDA’s reinspection of our Allegan, Michigan, 
facility in the near future 
• 
Once this is resolved, Perrigo will be an even stronger company than it is today 
• 
Right now, we are making good progress, and our dedicated teams are working overtime to improve our quality 
controls to meet the new standards set by the FDA. 
Employee Recognition 

Finally, I want to thank the team and all of our 7,700 Perrigo employees around the world for the tremendous effort and 
ultimately the excellent results we achieved this quarter 

In this challenging environment, we are working together with our retailers to meet the demand from consumers for our 
products around the world 


Perrigo is the right company and the right place at the right time to meet the world’s growing need for quality, 
affordable healthcare products 

Q&A 

<Q - Dewey Steadman>: I was wondering, Judy, on the infant nutritionals, or actually the Nutritionals segment margin 

– gross margins progression throughout the year, should we expect that to be progressing upwards throughout the year 
or is it H2 vs. H1? How should we think about that? 
<A - Judy L. Brown>: So as we think about the dynamics within the new Nutritionals segment, one of the things 
obviously to keep in mind in all this, as you can see from the published information, we had not broken out VMS 
separately in prior years. And if you look back y-over-y, you’ll see that VMS margins – both gross and adjusted 
operating margins, were quite low. 

So as you’ll see, those published for prior years, those get better over the course of the year last year. And we’re 
continuing to focus on making improvements on that VMS margin over the course of this year, as well. In the infant 
nutrition category that has now been added into the Nutritionals segment, those margins remain fairly stable over the 
course of the year. You’ll see progression, again, in each quarter because of the continued improvement in VMS in 
terms of percentage margins, and the infant nutritional piece of it remains fairly stable. 

<Q - Dewey Steadman>: Okay. And how do you get to those improvements in the VMS part of the segment? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah. I think there’s two parts. This is Joe Papa. I think there’s two parts to it. The first part is 
just really the performance of the infant formula business and the continued growth in the infant formula business. 
We’ve seen some very significant growth in that business and expect to see the continued growth in that, especially 
given some of the situations out in the marketplace where infant formula competitors have run into some FDA 
questions and issues. And we’ve seen strong demand from the retailers for the store brand private label of infant 
formula. 

The second part of the question is really what we’ve done in the vitamin and mineral supplements business, and I think 
we’ve seen, as we mentioned a year-plus ago, that we’ve had some challenges in that vitamin and mineral supplement 
business and we had done some work to reduce some of the, what we’d call lower margin products, and to take those 
out of the portfolio or to weed the portfolio, remove those products and, indeed, we’ve done that. And I think as we see 
the natural progression of the product categories, they’ve allowed us to show better results in our vitamin and mineral 
supplements as we remove some of the products. So I think it’s really those two perspectives that will help us to drive 
the overall margins in the business. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Thanks for the question. So I guess the first one, Joe, when are you now expecting the 
resolution of the manufacturing to take place? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Maybe let’s back up a little bit, Randall. We’ve have had now five different meetings 
with the FDA to discuss the warning letter at the Allegan, Michigan, facility. The latest meeting we had with the FDA 
was in early October. Our expectation is that we will see the FDA and do a reinspection, although I have no ability to 
control that, we expect to see them sometime in the next 30 to 60 days is when we expect to see the FDA to come back 
in to inspect. Obviously, the FDA will make its judgment as when they come -on their own; I cannot influence that, but 
my guess is sometime in the next 30 to 60 days. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Got it. So you’re still assuming in your current guidance that the remediation to close out by 
year-end. Is that fair to say? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Well, I wouldn’t say that. I say they will be in to do the reinspection in the next 30 to 60 days. 
Depending on the outcome of the FDA inspection, then obviously you have a number of different ways this could go. 
But we clearly believe they will be in to reinspect us in the next 30 to 60 days. 


<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. Got it. And then, Judy, did you give a number for the consultant or remediation costs? 
I’m not sure if I missed in your prepared comments. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: On this quarter’s prepared comments, I have not. I’ve not updated that. We talked about it in 
the August earnings guidance numbers in this. Total amount of incremental costs being in the mid teens, low-to-mid 
teens. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: And that falls in the Consumer margins, is that right? Just so we understand where the 
trajectory ...? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: It would be in the Consumer Healthcare numbers, and that was a number that was built into the 
full-year guidance that we gave in August and that would be considering combinations of consulting costs, internal 
head count and some throughput costs, other amounts related to obsolescence of products, et cetera, all encompassed in 
that number. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Got it. And then my last question. Did you give the J&J – I know last quarter, I think, you 
said 12mm in incremental revenue from the J&J challenges. Did you give a comparable number this quarter for that? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: No. We – I don’t know if we gave a specific number last time. I think what we’ve only stated 
at this point is that on an annualized basis, the amount of volume that will be attributable to, at store brand prices, to 
J&J this year is approximately $100mm on an annual basis. Now we clearly have stated that we cannot ship all of that. 
We do not have that amount of capacity, nor do we have the knowledge of how long it will take, but we haven’t given 
out a specific number in that range. I would say that for the quarter, your number isn’t that far off, though, because we 
haven’t given out a specific number. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. And then just finally, very housekeeping. Judy, there’s no change to the amortization, 
the way you’re reporting out this quarter; was it less consistent with how it was last quarter? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: That is consistently, just highlighting it again, because to remind everyone, we went to a new 
definition of adjusted earnings, adjusted EPS, which excludes the impact of deal-related amortization. So we wanted to 
highlight again, no change in that methodology -with the way it was laid out for the annual earnings guidance in 
August, highlighting it for everyone, and reminding everyone that we’ve now broken it out in the tables by line item 
and by segment. So when you’re updating your models and maybe gearing back last year’s models, we’ve broken it out 
by line item for you. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: I wanted to ask a little more about the quality issue. Joe, the timeline has shifted a little bit. Can 
you walk us through, once the FDA reinspects, what the potential outcomes and timelines are in terms of FDA back 
and forth and eventual close out? 

And then once we get to that point, can you walk us through how long it will take Perrigo to get back to sort of a 
normal throughput? I recall you discussing cleaning validation and all of the things that would need to be ramped back 
up to the old levels over time after the issue is closed out. So I know that’s a multi-faceted question, but let’s start there. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Well, just as a reminder, we’ve had a number of meetings with the FDA, the latest one 
being that October 7 meeting. We feel very good about the progress we have made in the remediation of our Allegan, 
Michigan, facility. So we continue to feel everything is moving fine. The FDA – my sense is will be back to reinspect. 
As I just said, I can’t give you a specific date, but my expectation is they will be back in the next 30 to 60 days to 
reinspect the Allegan, Michigan, facility. But once again, I have no ability to say exactly that date. 

Once we go through the reinspection, obviously, it could take a number of different courses. If we come out with, say, 
no 483 Observations, that gives me pretty good confidence about what’s going to happen in terms of lifting it. If we 
come out with a significant number of 483 Observations, that would put me in a different direction in terms of when we 
believe we can resolve it. And obviously, between that is just the determination of exactly what the FDA questions are, 
or issues they have, we’ll seek to address them as quickly as possible. 


But I think what the critical next milestone for us, Gregg, is that we do expect the FDA to come in to inspect the 
Allegan, Michigan, facility, as I said, in the next 30 to 60 days, or by the end of the year. So our hope and our belief is 
that we will have made the appropriate actions to resolve the FDA warning letter questions and issues and that’s really 
where we are right now as we look to what’s happening. The second part of the question on the normal throughput of 
the operations in our facility, it is clear that we had some issue during the summer months as we were remediating our 
facility in Allegan, Michigan. What I can describe that as is it’s a very simple straightforward. As one of the 
Observations the FDA had for us is show us that the cleanings that you do on your facility are validated, as an example 
of what we often have to do. We certainly believe everything is acceptable. However, we did step back to improve the 
validation on our cleaning. So instead of doing a major clean on facility after every 12 batches, we stepped back every 
six batches and did a major clean, validated that, and then we moved to every nine batches and validate that, and then 
ultimately we get back to the 12 batches, and potentially even going more than 12 batches between cleans. But as we 
stepped back to do a clean every six batches, it is something that – these are illustrative examples; they are not exact 
examples – but as we stepped back, it reduced the output of the Michigan facility as we were making these remediation 
steps. I’m delighted to say, though, that we’ve made great progress and I believe the numbers that were in our October 
output were an all-time record for the Allegan, Michigan, facility relative to output. So we have had to step back, but 
we are now back on track for getting the output out the door. And importantly, the quality is also there and that’s what 
we think is critical for us as we work through this remediation effort. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: So before my Nutritionals question, just to wrap the FDA issue up, can you summarize for us all 
what has factored into your FY’s guidance as it relates to the FDA status? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: The FDA status is that we have a situation where we would have the FDA back in to reinspect 
us and that we would have that occur during the next 30 to 60 days, and then we would have to work through whatever 
questions FDA comes forward with, but we do not expect any major issues with the FDA reinspection. Obviously, I 
can’t speak to exact timing of when we would receive the highlights from the FDA reinspection, but that’s really where 
we are with our current timing. We do expect to be able to continue to manufacture at our facility in Allegan, Michigan, 
as well as the other facilities around the world. So there’s no major disruptions anticipated in the output from our 
facilities around the world. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay. Thanks. For Nutritionals, – and this will be my last one, and maybe, Judy, you can help 
out with this one – can you give us PBM sales this quarter, specifically, given that this is a changing quarter and that’s 
an important acquisition? And also, philosophically, what drove you guys’ decision to combine VMS and PBM, and 
does the VMS product line gets a benefit from the ROIC of the PBM line or we continue to measure VMS by itself, as 
you think about future priorities? Thanks. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Two good questions. I’m going to start with the second one first. On the ROIC front, 
obviously, as we manage the portfolio of our businesses, we start with an evaluation of ROIC on a segment level. So 
that’s the first point. Now we can also drill down within our internal conversations around the ROIC when there are 
specific assets or invested capital that is attributable to a product category. 

So for plants where we do multiple different categories or multiple segment work, it’s a little more difficult. In the 
VMS case, we have dedicated assets for the VMS production, and so we can look at those. We have dedicated assets to 
oral electrolyte solutions and now dedicated assets related to the production of infant formulas and all related products. 
So we internally will still go through that process and we will always look, when possible, at our management level at 
the ROIC for each of those products and continue to evaluate opportunities to either improve the ROIC at each of the 
product category levels, although we don’t disclose that publicly. 

On the other question regarding the Nutritionals sales and margins, PBM related sales are in line with our expectations. 
We had estimated annualized sales of $300mm for fiscal ‘11 and we are on track with that starting off the year at 
$75mm of acquisition-related sales for the quarter, and then it’s slightly ahead of our expectations. We were starting off 
the year with a bang, with $75mm in this quarter. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah. The only thing I would add to what Judy said, Gregg, Is – the only other comment is the 
majority of the upside we have experienced as a result of a recall from one of our competitors was really experienced at 


the end of – the recall was on September, 23; that was the date it was – and that recall was really experienced in our 
quarter two numbers and predominantly in quarter two. So it gives us some belief that there is additionally some upside 
in those infant formula opportunity for the remaining portion of our FY ‘11. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: And that contributed in part to the confidence for our new guidance expectations for the full 
year. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Hi. So in terms of – can you just remind us, your gross margin was pretty far above what 
we had modeled for the quarter, and I was just wondering if you could remind us how the profitability of vitamins in 
the prior FY, what the pattern was by quarter. Like did it significantly improve as you progressed through the year, or 
was it kind of bad through the whole year? Like, can you just give some general color on that? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Sure. I’d be happy to, Linda. As I made a comment on the first question of the call, the gross 
margins and operating margins on a standalone VMS basis last year were challenging. But Q1 was by far the weakest 
quarter last year. So as the quarterly numbers roll out – and you’ll be able to see last year’s gross margins and operating 
margins of the VMS business – you will see that gross margins will jump tremendously quarter two, three and four, and 
that gross margins are in the teens in the remainder of the FY2010, and operating margins are positive – single-digit 
positive, but positive nonetheless. And as I was commenting, that’s why you’ll also see, then, an overall increase, better 
sequential gross margins and operating margins continue, we expect, into fiscal ‘11. And so that will help contribute to 
improved profitability overall for the new Nutritionals segment into fiscal ‘11. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Great. And then, on the infant formula recall by one of the branded competitors, our store 
checks have actually indicated that we’re starting to see some replenishment in certain parts of the country, like we saw 
in Texas with our phone survey and in the Pacific Northwest. So how quickly do you think it’s going to get all back on 
the shelves, and will you really benefit that much? Is there any way to quantify a little bit better? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah. Linda, it’s a good question. We agree with your comments on the infant formula recall 
from the competitor. We saw signs of replenishment on that product starting mid October, let’s just say it that way. Mid 
October we saw some signs of replenishment of the larger two products. We have not seen the smaller products, so we 
expect to see the smaller products more towards the January timeframe – the end of the current CY is probably the best 
way to say it. 

So as we’ve looked at it, we’ve said there would be some gains during the current quarter two, which quarter we’re in, 
and then also we felt that there will be some residual, but we didn’t put a specific number around that just because it’s a 
relatively – for us it’s a relatively new category and more challenging to talk about the specific carryover. So we felt, at 
this point, until we have some additional data, we would just go conservative with it, but realize that there is some 
upside, so not build a lot of it into our numbers. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Great. And can you just remind us – just give a little laundry list of a couple of positive 
things that could come about this FY that are not in the guidance range? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. The largest one is – there’s actually – I would say there’s several. Large part of them are 
in new product side, the first one is the temozolomide situation. We did not build anything on temozolomide for the 

U.S. into our current guidance, and I think that clearly is the first one. 
The second one is related to temozolomide, is temozolomide in Europe. We are right now the only temozolomide 
supplier in Europe at this time, because of the recall by a competitor in the marketplace. They had a problem with their 
product and, therefore, we got what we feel is, a potential upside for temozolomide in Europe, as the competitive 
product had been recalled from the marketplace. The third one that is not in the guidance is the launch of the 
Rx-to-OTC of Allegra, or fexofenadine. We have not built a U.S. launch of fexofenadine into the current numbers. Our 
expectation is that there will be an approval of moving away from prescription to OTC status sometime in early 
calendar 2011, so in January, February, March. We will be able to launch that product to produce; it’s. not currently in 
our – in that we do not control the numbers, it’s not currently in our guidance. So over the timing, we don’t control the 
timing, it’s not in our guidance, but that is certainly a possibility. The other one, I would say, is we have currently 
modeled into our numbers that J&J, on the infant suspension – pediatric suspension, J&J’s pediatric suspension, we 


have modeled in that they would return at the end of the current CY2010. If J&J is delayed, it cannot ship at that time 
period, that would potentially be an upside, but at this point, we have only modeled into our guidance that J&J would 
return at the end of the CY2010. 

The final one is really the infant formula recall that we’ve previously talked about. We expect that there will not be any 
significant recalls – additional recalls, but I just don’t know the status, given that one of the companies just received 
their warning letter, and it was too early for us to make any judgment on that. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Great. And can I just ask you about the other consumer product companies, like 
packaged goods companies, are reporting that private label share gain, like private label share is starting flatten out. As 
the economy strengthens a little, consumers are going back to national brand products. Do you think that’s going to 
happen to you eventually, or do you think you can still benefit from the problems of J&J even on a longer-term basis? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Well, I would respectfully disagree with the assessment. And why do I say that? We looked at 
every single category, and looked at the 52-week data that are the annual data, and that data, through IRI data, through 
September 26, so the end of the quarter. The 52-week data and then we looked at the quarterly data vs. a year ago, and 
the quarterly data, which is the more recent time, has even accelerated over the 52-week data. So from an analytical 
point of view, I’d have a difficulty accepting that hypothesis generated by the branded companies. Now they may have 
different data and I respect that, but the quarterly data is even fast – growth is even more significant than the 52-week 
data would be my first comment to your question, and that’s pretty much across every major category. So it’s clearly – 
we see it being very strong. Certainly in the analgesic side it’s stronger, the cough-cold side, a number of places where 
we see greater growth in the past quarter vs. a year ago. The second comment I would make is that while I do accept 
that there could be some improvement in the economy and that would certainly make a difference potentially to 
consumers, the other part of what we are seeing out in the marketplace is the importance of the store brand to the 
retailers. The large retailers are putting forth significant programs and promotions to drive store brand, and we don’t 
see any reduction in that at this time. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Hi. How are you? Just a few questions here. First question I had was with respect to your business 
development for FY2011. Can you provide us any color on what you’re thinking with respect to expanding into 
adjacent categories? And then also OUS acquisitions or expansion there? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Louise, I think we really – and we’ve talked about this in the past year. I think our 
comment on the M&A or business development activities are pretty much consistent with the past. What we’ve stated 
is that we feel very good about our strong organic growth that we’re having, and especially supplementing now with 
what we have with PBM and the Orion acquisition in Australia. However, we will continue to look at opportunities for 
adjacent categories. We have mentioned that we had three adjacent categories we were interested in the past, obviously, 
the infant formula being the first one, ophthalmics being the second one, which we have now launched some 
ophthalmic products through partnerships. And the third one was what we call the home diagnostic, or the blood 
glucose type monitoring products, being the three major categories on the store brand or private label side of our 
interest. 

In addition, on the geographic expansion, we feel good that we’ve got a – what I would call a beachhead in England for 
expansion into Europe. We have Australia, which we think can help us as we grow into the Asia market, and also 
we’ve got our Mexico business, which can help us as we look to Latin America and South America. But in all those 
acquisitions, we very much drive our acquisition strategy by a return on invested capital metric, and therefore, we very 
much want to make sure that any acquisition we do would pass that ROIC hurdle, based on the three-year ROIC that 
we expect. 

So we want to be disciplined, but we will continue to look at opportunities to grow through the adjacent categories and 
also geographic expansion. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Okay. The second question is just on the Rx opportunities for FY2011. You’ve obviously shown 
a lot of growth y-over-y, so just curious as to if you could highlight maybe some of the key products that we should 
looking out for there? 


<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Well, obviously, the success we’ve had with the Aldara product, the imiquimod products, 
has been very strong. And, as you know, we’ve gotten approval now for making it with our own active ingredient, 
which we think will help our margin structure as we go to the future. That’s certainly an important driver of the margin 
for the future. 

Second comment I would make is there’s a relaunch product that we were able to relaunch into the marketplace, the 
EVOCLIN product that we relaunched in October. That helps us relative to the gross margin and also new product 
sales. We launched it initially, then we reached the settlement. And we just relaunched it on the October 1 date. 

So I think those are certainly two of the large ones. There is a number of other products at this point that we plan to 
launch, but, in that they are in competitive market spaces we haven’t gone into a lot more detail. I remind one another 
one, though, is the NASACORT product that we’ve already had previously announced we’ll launch in June of 2011 
through a partnership with Teva. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: And then just one more question on the quarterly EPS progression, how should we think of that in 
light of cough-cold season and also allergy? Is it going to be similar to what we saw in previous years, or anything 
different this year relative to other years? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah, I don’t expect any major changes. Judy, you may want to comment on specific. I don’t 
expect any major changes. 

The only important question obviously, or commentary that I would make is the influence of the PBM infant formula, 
especially if it relates – depending on what happens with the reductions in the ability for our competitors to ship as a 
result of recalls or warning letters. 

The only other comment I would make, just to remind you, is that, as I stated, during our first quarter, it was about 25 
to $30mm of products that was not able to ship during Q1, really as a result of some of the remediation issues with the 
FDA at our Allegan, Michigan, site. So that will be something that will show up in Q2 our FY. 

Judy, any more comments you want to make? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Sure. And as we commented on in the past – I think I made a specific reference to it on our 
August call when we gave guidance for the full year – we expect this year to follow a similar pattern, both on the top 
line and bottom line, to the shape of the arc in years past. 

We don’t give quarterly guidance, but classically, Q1 is the lowest quarter, two and three are higher, and then it starts 
to come back down in Q4, but not necessarily to the level of Q1. 

So that’s the general shape of the arc in any year, and we expect this year to follow a similar pattern. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Yeah. Great. I’ll start by, Joe, can you repeat what you just said about products not being 
shipped from the Allegan facility due to remediation? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yes. Thank you for the question. What we thought in Q1 is, as a result of our remediation 
efforts, we were not able to make all the products that our customers demanded. Therefore, the backlog of products that 
was – the orders that we had that were not shipped during Q1 – was approximately 25 to $30mm of products that 
customers had demand for, but we were not able to ship. Now we have subsequently shipped that during Q2 – early 
second quarter here, but it was just a backlog that, because of the remediation, some of the things we did on the 
cleaning validation and other things, we were just not able to ship during Q1. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay. And I just want to make sure that was Perrigo-induced, and not FDA-induced, correct? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: That was clearly Perrigo-induced, as a result of the steps we took for the remediation of our 
facility. It was just – we wanted to make sure we did certain things, so we made some capital improvements in our 
facilities and other things that we felt would be appropriate for us in the future, but it was our decision. 


<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay. Great. And then on to a couple of questions. Is there a timeline for when you would be 
able to launch your internal Aldara product? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: We have stated that we believe we will be able to launch this product by approximately the end 
of the current CY in terms of our plan, somewhere around that timeframe. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: I haven’t heard you mentioning Mucinex. Is there any update on the Mucinex? And is that in 
fiscal ‘11 guidance at this point? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah. Just as a reminder to everyone, Mucinex, our plans are to launch a Mucinex product or a 
guaifenesin extended-release product, store brand version of the product. 

We still have it in our fiscal ‘11 guidance; that is correct. However, based on the legal and regulatory issues that we 
face on that product – you may recall there’s an additional court case on that product – we put it in at a low probability. 

The way we do all our new products is we include the products that we believe could potentially launch, and then we 
put probability weighted on those products. In the case of the guaifenesin extended-release or Mucinex product, we put 
it in at a very low probability, given the regulatory and legal situation. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay, great. Judy, can you give me any dollar sign or maybe percentage on the comp that 
would be negative in the quarter for H1N1 occurring last year, to see what the base business did maybe outside of the 
strong H1N1 season in the prior year? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Well, Frank, it would be lovely to give you just a very clear black-and-white number on the 
quarter. But one needs to take into consideration there are many moving parts. 

So when we think about the impact of H1N1 and we’re discussing the whole flu season last year, we’re picking up, of 
course, cough-cold products as well as analgesic products. And one must bear in mind that this particular quarter, 
there’s a lot of noise in those numbers right now because of the lack of certain products on the shelves, because of the 
issues faced at one of our competitors. So it’s very difficult for me, and I’d love to be able to say here’s the number and 
put a box around it, but it’s hard to be able to see how much is uptake specifically related to season and how much is 
the movement across to the store brand alternative, combined with the strong promotional activities that are going on at 
the retail shelves right now. 

So, in terms of the arc of the season, the arc of the season is similar although the volume or the incident rates are lower 
through Q1 in terms of flu. 

So again, can’t put a number around it, but the season are now – those products for us are off to a strong start. And I 
commented earlier in the prepared remarks that sales of existing category cough-cold and analgesics were off very well 
for the beginning of the year. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay. Great, and maybe a little bit of a theoretical question for you guys and when I think of 
companies in the phrama, OTC whatever space requires an R&D investment in order to generate a pipeline, it looks 
like the R&D numbers for the quarter was a little lower than expected. And quite honestly, with the R&D spend below 
5%, is there enough investment going on to drive long-term growth at Perrigo, or are we seeing more of a shift of not 
doing in-house R&D? And longer term it is going to be more partnerships, like what we’ve seen with some of the Teva 
and other relationships you have out there? Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: It’s a good question Frank. We actually do want to reassure you and everyone that the 
numbers, the full-year spend that we expect in our R&D budget for the full-year is exactly as we’ve previously stated. 
There is no change. This is really – all you’re seeing is a quarter-to-quarter variation in terms of when you spend 
something for a seasonalization of the R&D budget. It will still be up from last year by approximately 10-plus percent. 
So clearly we still believe there’s a number of project opportunities for us, both in the Rx and the OTC category, and 
we will continue to spend money behind that very strong, with over 10% growth in the R&D dollars from last year. In 
the quarter, you did see some – what we call seasonal variation. That was just simply something that happens, and we’ll 
certainly expect to see more dollars in the upcoming quarters to get us back to that range of where we expect it for the 


full year. 

<Q - Jon Anderson>: Hello. Last quarter, Joe, I think you indicated that there was a bit more pricing pressure in CHC 
on some products. I was just wondering to what degree that’s continued? Has it stabilized and how we should think 
about that going forward? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Terrific question. We have seen some incremental pricing pressures last quarter. And I 
would say that that hasn’t really been a major shift. It’s been very similar to – the last quarter and this quarter are very 
similar in terms of what we’re seeing some pricing pressure. Having said that, we are still finding places where there 
are price increase opportunities, as well as opportunities to lower our cost of goods from our own suppliers. So I think 
on balance, we feel very strong about what we could do with the pricing and the costing side of our business. And 
therefore, that was part of the things that we’ve thought about as we came forward with our revised guidance and 
revising our – upwardly revising our guidance for the year. 

<Q - Jon Anderson>: Okay. So is the way to think about this – pricing perhaps still net neutral overall in CHC? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: I think – what we’ll say – I’d say it different. I’d say some products that we’re going to be able 
to raise some prices in some areas. We’re going to have to take down some prices in some areas. It may be some minor 
reductions in pricing. However, more importantly, where we see those, we’re also able to get some costing decreases. 
So on balance, we feel very good about our ability to generate gross margin dollars. And as you see from the results 
during Q1, we’ve been very successful in generating significant gross margin dollars. So I do feel – as a percentage of 
gross margin. So I feel very good about our ability, and that’s why we’re able to raise our guidance for the full year. 

<Q - Jon Anderson>: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just one other quick question on the generic Rx side. Or Rx to 
OTC switch, I should say. 

If Allegra does switch, and I think you’ve indicated you’re kind of budgeting for that perhaps to happen early in 
calendar ‘11, are you still confident that you’d be in a position to offer a store brand version of Allegra, number one? 
And should we be thinking about any volume migration away from other products in that category? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Good questions. So, let me just maybe go through our assumptions one more time, then. We do 
expect Allegra to move from prescription to OTC status. The national brand will move from prescription to OTC status 
sometime in early calendar 2011. So just think January, February, March. We have not, within the Perrigo numbers and 
assumptions, built in any sales for that to happen during the upcoming year, so nothing before the June 2011 on our 
side. 

However, if we are able to move it as quickly as we hope to, that would be in upside. But I do not control the timing of 
that move from prescription to OTC. I did not feel it appropriate to build it into our model at this time. It would simply 
be an upside. Do I feel comfortable that we will be there with the product? The answer is absolutely yes. I do need 
some time after the product switches to have the product label – that is, the new OTC label – and to modify the labeling 
that we have to reflect that new label. But that’s something that, based on Securitene and other products, that we’ve 
been able to generate pretty quickly. So it’s just a matter of working through the logistics side. We clearly believe we 
would be out in the first wave, and we’ve talked to all the retail customers at this time and have agreements with many 
of the customers on the specifics for the product launch of that product. Just we simply need to wait for the national 
brand. 

<Q - Jon Anderson>: Okay. One quick just housekeeping for Judy. Judy, does the 75 to $95mm in CapEx for fiscal 
‘11 still apply? And that’s a step up from ‘10 in the mid 50s. Is that just largely due to the FDA remediation efforts or 
are there other things in there? Thank you. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Great question. I did not comment on that. It will be commented on in the 10-Q, which is going 
to be filed today, but we are confirming the 75 to 90mm in CapEx expected for the year. You’re spot on that it is a pick 
up from the amount of CapEx dollar flow that has happened in years past. There are also dollars that were always 
planned as part of ongoing enhancements at the PBM, the formerly known as PBM facilities in both Vermont and 
Ohio, and those were planned at the time of the acquisitions. There are ongoing CapEx spends related to our migration 


out of Germany, the ACI facility in Germany and into India, and transformation of that business footprint; that is 
ongoing that we talked about in the past. And then there are also some CapEx spend planned for the Michigan facility, 
but the large number that you’re seeing is not due primarily, again, to anything related to the remediation, but rather, 
ongoing maintenance some additional CapEx in Michigan, but mostly PBM and India-driven in the big pick-up. We, as 
you know, target CapEx linked annually to depreciation expense spend and try to be cash flow neutral when we think 
about CapEx planning, but with our larger footprint and a larger base, that number is also going up. So for the future, 
CapEx will probably not be in that 50 area, but will probably be 60-plus million on an ongoing basis if you think about 
modeling years forward. 

Joseph Papa, President, CEO and Chairman 

Closing Remarks 

First of all, thank you everyone for your interest in Perrigo 

I thank you very much for your questions. We will be able to provide additional information on questions as they occur 

But thank you so much for the numbers 

• 
And once again I thank the 7,700 people of Perrigo around the world that have contributed to an excellent 
performance 
This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


