Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Joseph C. Papa 
• Judy L. Brown 
• Arthur J. Shannon 
Other Participants 

• Louise Chen 
• Frank Pinkerton 
• Randall Stanicky 
• David Buck 
• Derek Leckow 
• Elliot Wilbur 
• Jon Andersen 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Joseph C. Papa 

Business Highlights 

First, I want to thank my team and all of our employees for the tremendous effort and ultimately the excellent results 
we have achieved this year 

This is my fourth year at Perrigo and I’ve been honored to lead this dedicated team as we have achieved record results 

Again, thank you to Perrigo’s 7,000-plus employees around the world for the great results this year 

I’d also like to take the opportunity to welcome the newest employees to the Perrigo team, PBM Holdings and Orion 
Laboratories 

• I look forward to their many positive contributions from those teams in the future 
Q4 Results 

Now let’s discuss the results 

My overall comment on the year is we had a great year in fiscal ‘10, and we continue to execute on our plan, while 
expanding the breadth and reach of our product portfolio 

During our Analyst Conference this past September, the team and I outlined our goals for the businesses 

• First, expand into adjacent product categories 
• Second, take our store brand OTC healthcare business model into new geographic markets 
• And third, enter into strategic partnerships to broaden our product portfolio 

This year, we accomplished all three 

Acquisitions 

• 
In Q4, we closed our acquisition of PBM Holdings, the largest store brand manufacturer of infant formula 
• 
In March, we acquired Orion Laboratories and are now marketing store brand, over-the-counter healthcare 
products in Australia 
• 
Just last month, we received certification from the Therapeutic Goods Association (sic) [Therapeutic Goods 
Administration] for our U.S. manufactured product that is comparable to MiraLAX, polyethylene glycol 3350 for 
sale in the Australian market 
• 
This is another important step for Perrigo marketing its U.S. portfolio of products across the globe 
• 
During the year, through acquisitions or partnerships, we added more than 10 products whose national brand 
equivalents had sales totaling $3B 
• 
Last September, we also discussed entering the ophthalmic category and I’m happy to say we launched our very 
first ophthalmic product in FY2010 
• 
As a result, we met or surpassed all of our originally stated adjusted financial goals for the FY that were set 
last August on a continuing operations basis 
Revenue, Margin, EPS and Working Capital 

• 
Please refer to our press release for the adjustments and looking at Slides 3 and 4, you can see we grew revenue 
13% 
• 
This was driven in large part by the impressive full year Rx revenue growth of 44.8% 
• 
We exceeded our August 2009 guidance range for consolidated operating margin of between 13 and 14% and 
achieved a Consumer Healthcare adjusted operating margin of 17.2%, a 260 basis point increase 
• 
Adjusted EPS from continuing operations far surpassed its growth target of 7 to 13%, achieving 51% 
• 
Working capital management combined with cost management allowed us to surpass our operating cash flow 
goal, as you can see 
• 
Overall, we are very pleased with these results and the progress the team has made to achieve their goals 
Market Share Gains 

• 
On Slide 5 you can see the continued market share gains for store brand 
• 
In every category store brand outperformed the brand, and the overall category growth, with analgesics leading 
the way 
• 
As you can see, store brand analgesic products gained more than 18%, although the category was slightly down 
• 
If you look at the latest quarterly analgesics store brand growth, it’s up over 35% vs. a year ago 
• 
Consumers continue to realize the value of the store brand proposition 
FDA 


• 
Now let’s talk about the FDA 
• 
By now you are all familiar with the history of the warning letter, so let’s discuss what’s happened since we last 
spoke 
• 
Overall, we’re on track for our warning letter remediation plan 
• 
We have completed our diagnostic assessment phase and I personally met with the FDA Detroit District four 
times since early May 2010, including a meeting earlier this week 
• 
We expect to complete our plans for remediation and be ready for an FDA re-inspection later this CY or 
October/November 2010 
• 
The FDA has recently visited our Allegan site to inspect our acetaminophen suspension production process 
• 
It was an extensive review conducted in June 2010 and I’m happy to report that our manufacturing process 
review concluded with no 483 FDA observations 
• 
Also, we received final approval from the FDA to manufacture and market over-the-counter Cetirizine Cherry 
Syrup at our Allegan facility 
• 
Shipments are expected to begin during Q1 FY2011 
Quality 

• 
Quality is our highest priority at Perrigo 
• 
The FDA is appropriately continuingly raising quality standards globally to ensure the highest product safety 
for patients 
• 
We will invest the necessary resources to make the incremental investments in quality to meet the FDA’s 
expectations 
• 
We will implement the necessary changes to our standard operating procedures to further increase the 
reliability of our processes 
• 
We will get this resolved and Perrigo will be even a stronger company than it is today 
• 
Right now, we’re making good progress and our dedicated teams are working overtime to get our quality 
controls to the new standards set by the FDA 
• 
I’m sure we will have plenty of questions about our FY2011 guidance and our market share gains, but first let 
me turn this to Judy and talk through the rest of the information 
Judy L. Brown 

Q4 Financial Highlights 

As you just heard from Joe, we had a strong finish to a record year, but we also experienced challenges, some of which 

will carry into FY2011 
So during the next few minutes, I’ll provide you a brief review of the fiscal fourth quarter results and then we’ll go on 
to reviewing the expectations for 2011 

I’d like to remind you that my comments today are focused exclusively on results from continuing operations 
We had strong growth y-over-y this quarter 


Net Sales and Gross Profit 

• 
As you can see on Slide number 6, consolidated net sales from continuing operations increased 22% to a fourth 
quarter record of $619mm 
• 
Consolidated GAAP gross profit also grew at the same 22%, or a constant 32.2% gross margin 
• 
This gross profit dollar expansion, combined with operating expense leverage, enabled us to grow 
consolidated GAAP operating income 40% 
• 
On Slide 7, you see that we have excluded four items from our analysis of the adjusted operating basis financials 
for Q4 FY2010, and one item from fiscal fourth quarter 2009 
• 
You may view the reconciliation from the reported GAAP numbers to our adjusted non-GAAP numbers in the 
appendix of this slide presentation as well as our press release 
Revenue 

• 
Now I’ll take you through the rest of the financial analysis based on adjusted results from continuing operations 
• 
On Slide 8, you can see, again, that we had solid fourth quarter revenue growth y-over-y, driven by strong 
performance in Consumer Healthcare and Rx segments 
• 
New product sales of approximately $60mm were the largest driver of the increase in net sales, half of which 
came from the launches of the imiquimod cream, the generic version of Aldara and clindamycin foam, the 
generic version of EVOCLIN 
• 
The acquisitions of PBM and Orion were the other main drivers of net sales growth, adding $46mm in the quarter 
• 
We had strong growth and adjusted consolidated gross profit from continuing operations, up 28% over last year 
• 
This gross profit growth was driven primarily by new product sales and contribution from acquisitions in 
Consumer Healthcare 
Margins and Expenses 

• 
We have continued our efforts to expand margins and this quarter drove a 160 basis point increase in adjusted 
consolidated gross margin over last year 
• 
This is despite the margin pressure related to the structure of our partnership for the authorized generic of Aldara, 
in which we recognize all the sales, but keep only a percentage of the profits 
• 
Although adjusted operating expenses were up in dollar terms, we were able to improve our expense leverage and 
return a very strong adjusted operating margin of 16.1%, up 230BPS from last year 
• 
Our performance this quarter translated into a 42% increase in adjusted diluted EPS from continuing operation of 
$0.71, up from $0.50 last year 
Business Segments 

Consumer Healthcare 

• 
Now let’s move on to the business segments 

• 
As you can see on Slide 9, Consumer Healthcare’s fourth quarter net sales increased 18% 
• 
The growth can be broken down into a few main categories 
• 
First, the acquisitions of PBM and Orion accounted for approximately 11 percentage points of growth 
• 
Second, new product sales, primarily in the gastrointestinals, nutrition and analgesic categories, accounted for 
approximately 5 percentage points of growth 
• 
Third, increased sales of existing products, primarily in analgesics and related to supply issues at a competitor, 
accounted for 4 percentage points of growth, and fourth, favorable foreign currency exchange rates accounted for 
approximately 1 percentage point of growth 
• 
These were partially offset by a 2 percentage point decrease in sales of certain existing products in the 
gastrointestinal, VMS and oral electrolyte category 
• 
Adjusted gross profit growth was driven by a combination of acquisitions and new product sales 
• 
We did have some gross margin pressure coming from pricing and competition in certain products, but despite 
that pressure we were able to increase adjusted gross margins to a very strong 32.1% 
• 
Although increased variable incentive compensation expenses partially offset a small portion of the adjusted 
gross margin improvement, we were able to leverage strong fourth quarter adjusted gross margins and good 
operating expense control into an adjusted operating margin in Consumer Healthcare of 15.9%, a record for 
any fourth quarter 
Rx Business 

• 
On Slide 10, you can see that the Rx business had a very strong quarter as well 
• 
Net sales growth was driven by new product sales, specifically imiquimod cream and clindamycin foam 
• 
Gross profit for the quarter rose substantially compared to last year with the success of new product sales as well 
as improvements in pricing 
• 
You will notice, however, that we lost 360BPS in gross margin, attributable mainly to the financial structure of 
our authorized generic partnership with Graceway Pharmaceuticals for Aldara 
• 
Adjusted operating income for Q4 increased 79%, compared to last year 
• 
Despite an increase in R&D spending and gross margin pressure from the imiquimod cream, we were still able to 
increase adjusted operating margin 90BPS 
API Segment 

• 
Next looking at the API segment on Slide 11 
• 
In API we are focused on our transformational strategy as we continue our exit from the recently sold German 
plant and get our Indian API facility up and running 
• 
In Q4, net sales were relatively flat vs. last year 
• 
While we had new product sales and increased dossier sales, they were offset by lower sales of existing products 
• 
Looking forward, however, the pipeline looks strong for this segment 
• 
Executional focus continues to remain critical in API, and the team is focused on improving operating efficiency 
and bringing new pipeline products to market 

Balance Sheet 

Now some quick highlights on our balance sheet 

Excluding cash and current investments, working capital from continuing operations was $375mm at the end of the 
quarter, up from $304mm at this time last year 

• 
Approximately $43mm or 61% of this increase came from the acquisitions of PBM and Orion 
The organic increase in working capital from continuing operations of $28mm allowed for the 13% y-over-y growth of 
the business 

Inventory, DSO, Cash and Debt 

• 
Our key operational metrics of inventory turns and DSO improved y-over-y 
• 
We had strong cash flow from operations for Q4 $98mm, bringing our full year total to a record $314mm 
• 
Total current and long-term debt on the face of the balance sheet was $1.34B, but included the $400mm 
back-to-back loan, which was completely offset by the $400mm restricted cash deposit in current assets 
• 
As of June 26, 2010, net of the back-to-back loan, external debt was $944mm or 46.4% of total capital 
• 
Excluding cash, cash equivalents and current investment securities, net external debt to total capital was 41.6% 
• 
You’ll notice on the face of the balance sheet that the $400mm back-to-back arrangement has been reclassified 
from noncurrent to current in both assets and liabilities 
• 
This is due to the fact that on July 19 the back-to-back loan was closed 
• 
As a result, the $400mm in restricted cash and debt will not be on our first quarter FY2011 balance sheet 
EBITDA 

• 
When we spoke to you after the announcement of PBM acquisition, we stated that our goal was to bring the debt 
leverage, that is debt divided by EBITDA, from the transaction date level of 2.35 times to below 2 times by the 
end of FY2011 
• 
I’m happy to report that we are well on our way to achieving that target, as we were already at 2.1 times debt to 
adjusted EBITDA as of June 26, 2010, and even lower than that when using adjusted EBITDA as defined under 
our credit facility, that is debt as shown on our balance sheet, excluding the back-to-back loan, divided by 
EBITDA calculated on an adjusted operating basis 
• 
This quarter we also paid approximately $6mm in dividends or $0.625 per share 
Earnings Outlook for FY2011 

Now I’d like to discuss our earnings outlook for FY2011 
Consistent with FY2010, our earnings outlook will be based on adjusted financials from continuing operations 
However, we are making a change in the way we calculate adjusted financials, that is important to note 
Beginning with FY2011, we will exclude deal-related amortization costs from our adjusted financials 


• 
Why is this? Well, we’ve been consistently making acquisitions over the last five years and, as a result, have 
quickly increased the amount of amortization expense in our business 
• 
However, we believe that these large non-cash charges distort the true underlying operational performance of our 
business and we believe reduce the transparency for our management team, as well as for our investors in 
analyzing quarterly activity 
• 
As you can see on Slide 12, for this review of earnings guidance, we have adjusted our 2010 financials to be on a 
consistent basis with our FY2011 estimates 
Also for ease of your analyses, we have broken out deal-related amortization within each segment, as well as by line 
item for guidance and will continue to do so each quarter throughout the year 

Consolidated Projections 

• 
So looking to our consolidated projections on Slide 13 
• 
For FY2011, we are estimating adjusted EPS from continuing operations to be between $3.40 and $3.60, an 
increase of 12 to 18%, compared to FY2010’s $3.04, presented on a comparable adjusted basis 
Consumer Healthcare 

• 
Jumping to Slide 14, you’ll see our expectations for Consumer Healthcare and the Rx segment 
• 
Please note that for purposes of this guidance, our recently acquired infant nutrition business is included in the 
Consumer Healthcare segment 
• 
We anticipate Consumer Healthcare revenue growth of 21 to 23%, driven by the acquisitions of Orion and 
PBM, new product sales and increased sales in analgesics and children’s suspension products related to 
challenges at a competitor 
• 
We expect this to translate into a FY2011 adjusted gross margin of between 32 and 33% and an adjusted 
operating margin of between 18 and 19% 
Rx 

• 
In Rx, we expect top line growth of 23 to 27% compared to FY2010, driven primarily by new products 
• 
We expect adjusted gross margin to be in a range of 44 and 46% and adjusted operating margin to be in a 
range of 29.5 to 31.5% 
• 
I want to remind you, again, that there’s some downward pressure y-over-y on adjusted gross margins related 
to our partnership on the authorized generic of Aldara 
• 
However, sales of this product will provide a healthy contribution to net sales, to adjusted gross profit and 
to adjusted operating income for the year 
API Segment 

• 
On Slide 15, you’ll see that for our API segment we expect top line net sales to be flat or up slightly, compared to 
FY2010 
• 
Please note that our assumptions here do not include any sales related to the potential launch of a U.S. generic of 
Temodar 

• 
As this product’s launch and all related litigation processes are being controlled by Teva, it would, in our opinion, 
be presumptive of us to apply our usual probability weighting to this product as we look forward to FY2011 
• 
Instead, as this situation unfolds and Teva communicates their launch plan, we will come back to you and 
adjust our guidance expectations as appropriate 
• 
So, that being said, we expect both the adjusted gross and operating margins in the API segment to remain 
relatively flat, when compared to FY2010 
• 
Our API transformation continues, and we are working on getting our new facility in India operational, as well as 
on increasing our product portfolio 
P&L 

Summing everything up back at the consolidated P&L level on Slide 16 

We are estimating consolidated net sales growth to be in a range of 20 to 23% over FY2010, driven by acquisitions, 
new product sales of over $180mm and growth in our base business 

We estimate adjusted gross margin to be between 34 and 35%, which includes an assumption of incremental costs 
related to our resolution of the FDA warning letter 

We expect adjusted distribution, selling, general and administrative expenses to be up slightly from FY2010’s adjusted 
12.5% of net sales and R&D expense to approximate 4% of net sales 

• 
This then translates into an adjusted operating margin range of between 17 and 19% 
• 
Also, as you know, there has been an increase in indebtedness following the closing of our acquisitions in 
FY2010 
• 
Given this change, we estimate interest and other net to be approximately $45mm in FY2011 
Tax Rate 

• 
And lastly, for our planning purposes, we are assuming an effective worldwide tax rate from continuing 
operations of approximately 29% 
• 
While we were preliminarily expecting an effective tax rate in excess of 30% based on jurisdictional and product 
mix, we believe we will now be able to realize more of the benefit from certain of our tax planning strategies than 
had been previously anticipated in FY2011 
• 
In total, this brings us to an estimate of consolidated adjusted EPS from continuing operations of between 
$3.40 and $3.60 
• 
Now as you know, we do not provide quarterly guidance 
• 
However, we are always asked the question and would like to be proactive and let you know that we expect 
the year to follow a similar arc as seen in previous years, with the first fiscal quarter being the lightest, 
followed by the classically heaviest second and third quarter and then a softening sequentially in Q4 
Cash Flow from Operations 

• 
Finally, we expect cash flow from operations to be between 350 and $380mm for the full year, compared to 
$314mm for FY2010 

• 
Our expectation is that CapEx will increase above our previous equal-to-depreciation expense target this year and 
should be between 75 and $95mm 
• 
This target reflects expected spend at our Indian and Israeli plants related to our transformation strategy in 
API, to investments in the new infant formula locations and to manufacturing and technology enhancements at 
our Michigan facilities 
• 
FY2010 was, without a doubt, a great year for Perrigo 
• 
We expect a year with record cash flow from operations; we exit the year with a record cash flow from operations 
and still have a very strong balance sheet, even after recently completing a major acquisition 
• 
We are now very focused and ready for both the challenges and opportunities that FY2011 will bring 
Joseph C. Papa 

Outlook 

As Judy outlined for you, we have another busy year ahead 

This year we are planning on launching 50 new products that we expect will translate into more than $180mm in annual 
Perrigo sales 

We are positioned to bring the store brand version of Allegra to market once it switches to OTC, but to be clear, it is 
not included in our current FY ‘11 guidance 

Our infant nutrition business is off to a good start, outperforming our expectations for the first few months following 
the close of the acquisition, and will contribute to the full year with new products and expansion into new markets 

The generic Rx business is poised for a strong new product year, highlighted by the generic versions of Aldara, 
EVOCLIN and XYZAL, which have combined brand sales of more than $600mm 

• 
Add to this the continued growth in ORx products and our Rx base business, which continue to grow as 
competitors work through their own manufacturing issues, and you have a terrific year ahead for our Rx team 
In our API business unit, we will supply the active ingredient and share the profits with Teva for the generic version of 
Temodar in the United States, once we are able to launch the product 

Closing Remarks 

Just as a reminder though, as Judy mentioned in her comments, no U.S. sales of the temozolomide product are included 
in our FY2011 adjusted earnings guidance 

By now, I’m sure you all know that Perrigo is the leading manufacturer of store brand over-the-counter healthcare 
products in the United States, England, Mexico, and soon to be in Australia, but you may not know that we are now 
offering products in more than 75 countries around the globe 

We remain focused on the future and will continue to invest in research and development, increasing the actual dollar 
spend y-over-y 

We’re growing both organically and by acquisitions to capitalize on our market position to build our businesses 

• 
Look for us to continue this focused business development in the future 
Q&A 


<Q - Louise Chen>: Hi, just a few questions here. First question I wanted to ask you was what accounts for the swing 
factor of about $0.20 in your FY2011 guidance? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Well, first of all, Louise, thank you for the question. Really what we try to do in looking at any 
of our forecasts for the year is put probability weighting on new products, as we always look at probability factors on 
new products and there’s some things that we just cannot completely estimate. So there was always an effect on 
probability weighting of new products. Obviously, we’ve made some acquisitions in the past year and the performance 
of the acquisitions is something that gives us a little bit – we put a little bit more probability weighting on those simply 
because that they’re new businesses for us. 

So new products, new businesses are really some part of the guidance range. Judy, anything else you’d like to add on 
that? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Conceptually, Louise, what we’ve tried to do in the past from just how we approach guidance 
is to shoot for an original percentage of the total year’s plan and have a guidance range that’s around that. Our numbers 
have just gotten bigger over the last five years so the number in absolute terms is -- in cents is just a bigger number than 
it would have been three, four years ago. So as I look at it as a range, $0.20-size range, given the size of our earnings 
now is in line with our approach to how we’ve given annual guidance at the beginning of any FY impact. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: And, of course, as the year goes on, depending on what we learn, we may be able to tighten up 
the range. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Thanks, and then a second question I had was just on the Michigan warning letter. Would you 
give us any sense of how much it may cost to remediate this? And then what are you spending on, if you can’t say 
exactly what the cost is? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Well, probably the best way to start is we feel we’re making great progress in going 
through the remediation program with the FDA. I’ve been delighted to have a chance to meet very closely and talk very 
closely with the FDA Detroit District. We’ve had a chance to meet with them now four times since early May, so it’s 
been a great cooperative discussion with the FDA in terms of resolving and remediating the facility. 

Relative to the facility, what we’ve looked at it is how we will need to add some additional people resources and/or 
capital resources. We believe the number is a ballpark number in the $10mm range, relative to adding people resources 
that will allow us to ensure that we are meeting the current FDA requirements, but most importantly, going into the 
future as the FDA continues to raise the bar in quality, we’ll be prepared for that. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: And then just last question is just on the benefit from – I know you’ve got this question many 
times, but just the benefit you got from H1N1 last year. And how you think that would impact your y-over-y 
comparisons in FY2011? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. The first comment is that last year was a little unusual in that the impact of the H1N1 
occurred earlier than what we’d call the normal cough-cold-flu season. I remind everyone that cough-cold-flu season, 
cough-cold, is approximately 10% of our sales just to give you a relative value. The season occurred much earlier last 
year, however, I want to make it very clear that overall, last year’s H1N1 plus cough-cold-flu was approximately equal 
to the previous year. So there really was no major influence of H1N1 on the total year. It was very similar to the 
previous year. Only difference with last year was the earlier start of the season. 

My expectation, though, is based on what happened last year; we will see some early pre-orders from our customers 
relative to what I would call cough-cold products in the September, October timeframe. So I don’t expect a major 
change in our overall cough-cold-flu sales for 2011 vs. 2010, vs. 2009. I would expect them to be very comparable. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: That’s obviously outside of any new products, I should probably say, though. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Okay, thank you. 


<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Hi. Great. Thank you for taking the question. Can you just start on the PBM side and speak to 
maybe any future plans for changing some of the labels you have to make them more similar to some of the store 
brands out there? And just reaffirm for us the strategy on potentially including or not including in the WIC program? 
Or to do some sampling going forward? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure, Frank. Thanks for the question. What we are doing with PBM – PBM did a great job in 
building the business. They have great products. They have a great manufacturing process. They have done a lot of 
great things. What we looked at when we acquired the business though, is there an opportunity to go in and try to bring 
some of the things that Perrigo does very well with the business. 

So, for example, as you spoke, one of the things we look at is labeling. I’m delighted to say that we’re coming out with 
some new labels very soon for some of our large customers. We’re coming out with some new product sizes for some 
of our larger customers, those will be larger sized cans. Also we are working very hard on the merchandising of the 
product portfolio from PBM with the larger customers and we think all three of those things will help us to increase our 
share in the United States market, but also we’re looking at global opportunities for growth in the infant formula 
business. Which I also want to be clear on, we think that opportunity for growth in Asia and Latin America is another 
big growth factor for us or an opportunity for us in FY ‘11 and beyond. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay, great. And then just shifting over, can you break out the growth in the generic business 
between ORx and your two launches? And then can you give us any flavor on the size for those two launches? What 
may have been stocking into the channel vs. actual sales. Or how you account for the actual sales? Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. So let me start with the ORx question, just to give you some history and others who may 
not be as familiar. ORx, and we really started this process in 2008, was essentially a zero business. We had very little 
business. We had some single-digit, millions of dollars. We moved it up to approximately 2009 about $25mm business, 
so it moved up rather quickly. And in FY ‘10, it approached somewhere close to a little under $40mm for the business 
for ORx. So it has made some very significant growth. We expect to see additional growth for this, especially as we 
launch new products into the marketplace. That gives us even more opportunities to go in with ORx where there are 
OTC or Rx to OTC switches. So we’re going to continue to look at that. 

We don’t give out individual sales on the larger products, like the Aldara product or the XYZAL product or the 
EVOCLIN product. So we don’t give out individual ones, but I will say Aldara, clearly a generic for Aldara we’re 
doing very well. We have what we think have actually exceeded our expectations in terms of our market share gains. 
We’re very pleased with that performance. But I remind you, the Aldara is at the lower gross margin, as Judy pointed 
out. So it does have a – although it’s a great top line growth for us, it’s not going to contribute to that gross margin 
percentage growth that we saw prior to the launch of Aldara. But on the other hand, EVOCLIN, while not a large 
product, significantly adds to our gross margin structure relative to where we are as a company. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Hey, great guys. Thanks for the questions. Just a couple. First, can you be a little more 
specific on the J&J benefit? It sounded – I think you said a 4% benefit, which would, Joe, that imply around $20mm or 
so that you picked up from that market share opportunity in the quarter? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah, let me just start and then I’ll turn it over to Judy. Just on the balance, let me just start 
without talking about a specific quarterly influence. We believe that the store brand opportunity for some of the 
analgesic products that have been recalled or withdrawn from the market at this time represents approximately $100mm 
store brand opportunity on an annualized basis. I’m not suggesting we’re going to get all that business, but that just 
gives you the framework for what we think on an annual basis that is. Judy, do you want to make any specific 
comments about the quarter? And the specifics for the analgesic pediatric business? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Randall is spot on. I had made the comment about sales of existing products, which included 
the analgesics and supply issues at a competitor on specific products was 4%. So if you take out probably a percentage 
point of other ongoing existing product growth, a 3%-ish range to be utilized for the compensation of our product in the 
marketplace during their absence would be appropriate. 


<Q - Randall Stanicky>: And that’s on the overall revenue number? Or is that the Consumer? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: That’s on the Consumer, roll forward from there. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. That’s helpful. And then so how do we think about that going forward? How sticky do 
you think that business is? How much have you built into the guidance in terms of retaining some of that business that 
you’ve won or even building on that further? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Great question, Randall. How we look at this business is always on a quarterly basis. At 
the current time as we have looked at this business, our expectation is that we will retain the majority of that through 
the first six months of our FY or through the end of CY2010. Beyond that point, we are expecting J&J to potentially 
return to the market. We don’t know exactly when they’ll return. Obviously, we’re just really taking it a quarter at a 
time for right now, how we look at it. 

We find that by being somewhat conservative and only reflecting a quarter at a time it really suits us best relative to 
where the potential market opportunity goes. We really can’t be more specific as to when they will return the market, 
and right now that really is our best concept. 

We know historically one other fact, and I’ll ask Judy to make any additional comments, is that historically when 
consumers move from the national brand to store brand, and make that choice proactively, that we retain approximately 
90% of the consumers once they make the move from national brand to store brand. However, in a case where there’s 
just simply no national brand, we think that number is probably more like half that, that we would retain once the 
national brand comes back to the marketplace. Judy, anything else you want to add? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Yes. Great question, Randall. I’m glad you asked it, because it is important for everyone to 
understand how we went through the process of thinking about our guidance range and what we would include. Going 
on public statements, as well as our understanding from talking to retailers in the market, we went with the best 
available data of a potential return for J&J at the beginning of calendar 2011. Similar to what happened when another 
competitor went offline a few years ago, we will update you on our information and assumptions over the course of the 
year, if those assumptions change. And our guidance also includes the presumption that we are shipping what we can 
ship, given our current capacity and our current manufacturing framework. 

As you know and as we’ve said publicly in previous meetings, that we did not ever have the capacity at the corporation 
to absorb the entire U.S. demand for all of these products for brand and store brand. And we’re ramping up to be able to 
service a tremendous capacity, or sorry, the tremendous demand that obviously that has come across in the last few 
months because of that competitor going offline. 

So we’ll continue to keep you abreast of our developments there as we try to ramp up additional volume capacity in our 
plants and be able to try to service the tremendous demand that is being seen in the marketplace right now. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Okay. And then just two really quick follow-ups. Joe, is the $300mm for PBM and better 
than $0.10 in terms of accretion target still intact? And then finally to a previous question on remediation costs, I know 
you said $10mm in terms of additional people. Does that number include consulting costs and other expenditures that 
you’ll need to get through to solve the warning letter issue? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Let me answer the second question, first. Yes, is the answer, that was an approximately 
$10mm estimation of both the people side of the equation as well as what we’re spending in the consulting side to go 
through the remediation process. On the first part of the question, I would only say, while we don’t give out the specific 
numbers of PBM, we’re really delighted of what -- how PBM has performed since our acquisition. If anything, they 
have out-performed our expectations. It’s very early in the process obviously, but we’re really pleased with the 
performance of PBM, both in growing U.S. business but also picking up the incremental business outside the United 
States geographically has been very strong. And we’re looking to see, I would say at this point, we are very, very 
optimistic relative to their performance vs. what we had originally put forward in the plan. 

Judy, anything else you’d add on PBM? 


<A - Judy L. Brown>: We can confirm that we are solidly ahead of our greater than $0.10 EPS projection that had 
been put out on March 23, the day that we announced the acquisition, which at that time included the incremental 
interest as well as the incremental amortization expense. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: And the $300mm target, that’s still intact as well? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: That is absolutely still intact. 

<Q - Randall Stanicky>: Great. Thanks very much, guys. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, thanks. Just to follow up on PBM and the Consumer Health segment. I guess, first question is 
why did you decide to include that in Consumer Health and not give the visibility in that business? Secondly, just for 
gross margin, can you talk a little bit about why you’re only expecting to go from 31.4, to 32 to 33 when you bought a 
business that’s got gross margins in the, call it, 47, 48% range? And then just for Joe, you talked a little bit about 
pricing competition, can you just clarify whether that’s just pricing on some of the competitive products? Or you’re 
seeing a change in Consumer Health where pricing is actually starting to go down a bit on base business products? 
Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. You’ve asked a lot of important questions. Let me just start with the PBM and putting it 
in the Consumer Healthcare business. As we looked at what we were doing with the business, we are continuing to 
evaluate how best to put forward and look at our PBM business. 

It’s a great business model and we really do feel that it is a strong business, that we could potentially look at some other 
alternatives, but once again, we’re very early in the process. We’re working through our integration plans, all that’s 
going on track, and candidly, it’s been really the major focus for what we’re trying to do right now is work through the 
integration plan, work through making sure that the business continues to be a very strong business, and that really has 
been our primary focus, David, since the acquisition closed at the end of April. 

Do I believe there’s still some opportunities to revisit some of this and get you some greater clarity on that? The answer 
is, yes, but we’re just not quite ready yet. We’ll put some additional work into that, perhaps have some other things to 
say about it at some point in the future relative to the strength of the business and the clarity we can provide to you. 

On the question of the gross margin, it is another good question. There’s some things that are going on relative to the 
mix in the category on the gross margin. There is clearly some positives from PBM. There is some incremental spend 
we’ve put in for the warning letter that we previously have talked about. All of those are some pluses and minuses that 
we have evaluated and felt that for the current estimation of the gross margin, we were best staying with this percentage 
that we outlined in terms of the 32 to 33%. 

We, obviously, believe that new products could be very helpful to that, but remember, there’s no fexofenadine or 
Allegra in our numbers right now. So obviously, if that occurs, that could have a positive. Obviously, if there are some 
increases in the amount of time that we’re able to keep the analgesic business beyond the six months, that could have a 
favorable impact. So there’s some pluses and minuses we assessed, and at this point we felt being at the 32 to 33 was 
probably the right place to start, start the year. 

Finally, I think you asked about pricing. Was that the other question you asked? 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, it was, yeah. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah, on a y-over-y basis, there is a little bit more pricing pressure right now in some products 
that we have seen. Certainly some of the – our products have seen some incremental pricing. However, we do feel that 
there is some areas in our overall Consumer Healthcare business that we feel there’s some pricing upsides in. Clearly, 
in products where there’s less competition, that we do believe there’s some upsides. And on balance I think we can get 
an appropriate balance there of some upsides and downsides in our overall pricing environment. There will be some 
pressure though, I want to be clear, but we think that we can strike a balance there relative to pricing in our FY ‘11. 


<Q - David Buck>: Great. Just one final follow-up on PBM. Is the contribution from that margin still in that ballpark 
of 48% for gross margin? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: That’s a little high, David. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay, thanks. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Thank you and congratulations on a great year. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Thank you, Derek. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Thanks, Derek 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just want to touch on your outlook for your balance sheet. You’re spending around $45mm in 
interest expense, I think, next year. That represents about 0.30 to $0.35 of earnings power. Just wondering, with the 
cash flow you’re generating, is there a chance to maybe realize some of that? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: I.e., pay down debt? 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Exactly, and reduce your interest expense. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Absolutely. As we look at uses of cash in FY2011, you heard me comment that we are going to 
be spending more money than our normal run rate in terms of reinvesting in the business, CapEx for our API business, 
for our Michigan facilities, investing additionally into our newly acquired entities. That said, normally we’d run 
around, the last year we were at about 55mm, and we’re ramping that up to 75 to 95mm, projected for this coming FY. 

We are, as you know right now, we are not in a share buy-back program. We would be looking at ways to pay down 
debt. We’re in the process right now of paying down the revolver, as you can see on the comments I made earlier, of 
already getting our debt to EBITDA ratios lower. So paying down the debt that we can pay down. We have several 
fixed maturities in our capital and debt structure that would preclude us from paying those down. But looking at ways 
to get down the debt as quickly as possible is absolutely in our priority structure, and then beyond that, looking for 
other opportunities to reinvest in the business, look externally, and potentially at some point again, reengage in a 
10b5-1, as we’ve done in the past. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: I don’t think many people are shedding any tears for the back-to-back loan being gone, but is 
there an incremental cost to that initially here? Is there an incremental cost that’ll be going away in 2012? 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: The incremental net interest cost of the back-to-back, as I’ve said in previous years, was about 
$0.5mm, because we paid interest, but we also received interest income. So there is a de minimis reduction over in the 
interest net line, but that is not a tremendous difference in the change in interest expense. The biggest piece is obviously 
the incurrence of new debt related to the acquisitions. Nor was there a takeout fee, per se, in closing down the 
back-to-back in July. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay, thanks. And then just one final one on your guidance. I noticed that you’ve got zero in 
there for Allegra; you’ve got zero for Temodar and nothing for Mucinex. I think these three products – there’s some 
probabilities that these products might be available in the FY. So as far as we’re concerned, I mean, do you think it’s 
helpful to help us frame the size of each of these opportunities? I know that Temodar, I’m coming up with roughly 
$0.60 per share, I guess, on an analyzed basis. And so I’m just wondering does it make sense for you to try to help us 
frame these opportunities? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah, well let me just make a couple of comments. You, obviously, picked up on no Temo in 

U.S. We’ll have Temo in Europe, but no Temo U.S. is in our forecast. We have no Allegra, because we don’t control 
the launch date on that Allegra product. So those two are absolutely correct. On Mucinex, I want to tell you that we do 
– like Mucinex, with all new products we risk adjust by Perrigo our percentage and given the recent news we have a 
significantly downward risk adjustment or a very low probability in FY ‘11 for Mucinex, but nothing expected for 
Mucinex before the quarter 4 in our numbers. So let me just correct slightly your words on Mucinex. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: But having said what you said, the U.S. opportunity, obviously on an annualized basis, is a 
very significant one for us. I don’t know if I’d go as high as the $0.60 number that you suggested, but it is a very 
significant one. At this point we simply await the outcome of the trial that occurred on August 4 and our expectation is 
we’ll learn something on the U.S. issue with temozolomide sometime by the end of the current calendar FY – calendar 
‘10, calendar ‘10. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Okay. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: So the next three to four months is our expectation. And as I said, Allegra we really can’t 
comment on that. Although I will say at the current time from what I’ve heard from a competitive point of view, we 
expect the brand to launch an Allegra over-the-counter brand sometime in March of 2011, is approximately the time. 
So I guess that’s the best way I could say it. I will speak on Allegra specifically, it is a great product. As a pharmacist I 
know Allegra is a great product. It has a great balance of the efficacy of ZYRTEC and also the side effect profile of 
Claritin. It’s a nice product right in the middle of both efficacy and side effects, that I think is a very good product. 

From a branded prescription product, it’s been more successful than ZYRTEC was, so we look to it to do great things 
in the marketplace and obviously we look forward to introducing our store brand version of the fexofenadine, or 
Allegra, as soon as possible. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Do you think that Allegra will then take some volume away from the other existing products? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah, we’ve actually looked at that because it’s a great question. Historically, what we did 
when Claritin was in the market, we looked at what happened in the introduction of ZYRTEC and the influence or 
cannibalization, I think is what you’re really referring to, of new products. And we find that the cannibalization rate is 
less then 10%. So for example, the Loratadine or store brand Loratadine, and Claritin went down less than 10% during 
the time period of the ZYRTEC launch. So and after the ZYRTEC launch, ZYRTEC and store brand Cetirizine was 
very strong. So we believe there could be some cannibalization, but it’s less than 10% on the existing product. 

The real big advantage for launching these products over-the-counter is they take away from products that have been 
older antihistamines that are available over-the-counter, and that’s where you’ll see the majority of the cannibalization. 
Most of the new -- newer products like Claritin, like ZYRTEC, like Allegra and then our versions, the store brand 
versions of them, will continue to do very strongly in the marketplace. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Got it. Thank you. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Thanks. Joe, maybe just following up with some of your earlier comments around Mucinex. The 
expectation will launch in Q4 and you also sort of alluded to maybe a diminished overall expectation. I guess I’m just 
trying to get a sense of how much of that is related to the recent court decision vis-à-vis just a push-back in timing? 
And then thinking about other potential new product launches that you have embedded in your top line guidance for 
Consumer Healthcare, I’m trying to get a sense for sort of the degree of conservatism there kind of around the expected 
timing, in light of the FDA re-inspection. Or even how significant some of these new products may be. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Well, it’s a good question. So what we do when we do any probability weighting for any of our 
products is really try to assess all factors into the probability factor and try to come forward with our best estimation. 
Obviously, the recent news in the court case on Mucinex was something that we built into our understanding and 
knowledge. I have had a lot of discussions with my team relative to what does that mean. Relative though to the second 
part of the question on new products, as Judy pointed out, we’re really excited. 

We have $180mm of new products, more than $180mm. We have more than 50 new products that we expect to launch. 
The majority of that relative to the total of 180mm, much of that is going to be in our Consumer Healthcare product 
category. Some of them are the through partnership. Some of them will be products that we launch, ANDA’s 
monograph products. So we’re really excited about it. And we’ve looked through and believe that there’s a great 
opportunity for us, even before the products like fexofenadine or the product like a temozolomide U.S. So all of those, 
we’ve excluded those from the business and still come up with over $180mm and 50 specific products that we will 


launch. 

And I remind you of one other statistic, I’d mentioned briefly, but just to remind you, is that during the past year we 
have added products that have branded sales of over $3B through business development activities. Those are branded 
sales for business development activities that we’ve added, products like DUAC, HalfLytely, Aldara, the 
Dextromethorphan ER or the Delsym equivalent, the Ketotifen. 

I mean, many of those products are all going to be additional opportunities as we look towards how we will look at the 
future of new product portfolio we have. We feel very good about what we’ve done both organically and what we’ve 
added through business development opportunities. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And then just maybe kind of dive a little bit deeper into this. With respect to Consumer 
Healthcare and sort of the dependence on FDA resolution in terms of new product launches. I mean, you did get 
approval for Cetirizine Syrup, sort of post these events. And maybe you can shed a little bit of light on sort of why that 
specific product I guess was approved from that facility. And whether or not there’s anything like that sort of embedded 
in new product guidance that may not be as at risk, from a shifting FDA timeline. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Well, let me be clear. When we did our new product forecast we absolutely considered 
the FDA timing as part of the analysis for how much we would expect to launch in new products during the course of 
the year. So that was something that we clearly evaluated. 

Relative to the Cetirizine Cherry Syrup, we were delighted to get that approval. I can’t speak to specifics about it, but 
we believe the FDA, as I said, looked at our facility, looked at our liquids facility, and they were in to inspect the 
liquids facility just during the month of June. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, they did that inspection with no 
483 observation, so I do feel very good. That was, of course, our Allegan, Michigan, site, so we think it’s a great 
achievement. 

Obviously, though, we’ve still got a lot of work to do with remediation of the warning letter in Allegan, Michigan, and 
we’re working very diligently to make that – get that resolved as soon as possible, but we feel very optimistic relative 
to where we are in the process to resolve that warning letter. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. And then I had a question on temozolomide as well. If you could just maybe give us some 
sort of sense of the relative contribution of that product based on current sales, the European sales. And I guess what 
I’m really trying to get it at is sort of, given a competitive disruption there, how is that reflected in your what seems to 
be relatively conservative top line guidance of zero to 2% growth? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yeah. Just maybe just to summarize temozolomide. Temozolomide has two components, the 

U.S. component which, as we stated before, is not in our guidance. There is no amount of revenue included in the U.S. 
in our guidance. There is guidance on or inclusion in our guidance for the outside U.S., for European Union 
opportunity. As you mentioned, we had one competitor in Europe, at least one manufacturing competitor in Europe. 
That competitor now has recalled their product in Europe. I can’t speak to exactly when they will be back in the 
market. Our current sales have been very strong. 
We’ve been delighted with the outcome in Europe to-date and in terms of both the sales level and the gross margin and 
at this point what we’re doing is just taking it on a quarter-by-quarter basis. I can’t say whether my competitor in 
Europe is going to be back in next quarter or six months, or nine months. I really don’t have the expectation or ability 
to say that. It’s up to them to make their judgments, but currently, right now we are the only supplier of the 
temozolomide in the European Union, and obviously we think that’s a great spot to be. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: Okay. One last question. Promise. J&J has on several occasions talked about lining up contract 
manufacturing to kind of fill the void of some of the products that have been recalled. Have you seen any evidence of 
that in terms of their ability to get a little bit more product out on the shelf? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: I’m aware that J&J has stated that, from a competitive point of view. I am not aware of when 
they potentially can or will be able to line up the appropriate contract manufacturing resources to come to the market. 
But what we felt, the right way to deal with this question is that we’ve been very successful in picking up volume for 


the pediatric suspensions and the analgesic products and what we’ve done is basically, for the suspensions, for 
example, left it at a quarter-by-quarter basis. So we’re – we’ve got six months in and we’ll continue to update you as 
we go forward relative to whether or not we can move that to a nine-month time period or beyond that. 

So I’ve heard them seeking contract manufacturing assets to reintroduce the product, but I am not to this point, am 
aware of any specific assets that they have that would meet their requirements. 

<Q - Elliot Wilbur>: All right. Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: We have time for one last question. Operator? Any other questions, operator? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Operator, I’m sorry, you’re breaking up. Could you repeat? 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just have two quick ones. One, could you 
just give us some color on the dynamics on the nutritional business at present? And your kind of plan for that business 
going forward? And second, related to the pricing pressure that you referenced, Joe, is that pressure coming from 
stronger price promotion from the branded players? Or is it other private-label players? Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Sure. Just question of clarity. By nutrition, are you are talking about our vitamin and 
nutritional business? Or are you talking about our infant formula? 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Vitamin and nutritional business. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Yes, okay. The vitamin and nutrition business has been under some pressure. Fortunately for 
Perrigo, it has been – we are coming back from what I would call, albeit a very low base of margin structure in our 
FY2009, so we’ve had an ability to increase our performance from a gross margin and basis in FY ‘10. I do though 
expect some challenges in that business, based on some new competition and from some new players in the business. 
And as such, we have tried to look at that business relative to expectations and modifying. That was some of my 
comments earlier before on pricing. We expect some incremental pricing competition in our vitamin business. Just as a 
reminder, that’s about 10% of our total Perrigo, less than 10% of our total Perrigo business, but that is one of the areas 
that when I mentioned pricing, I expect to see some pricing challenges from the nutritional business. 

And from a general point of view, I think I stated it before, I do see some areas where we will face some pricing 
challenges, but I clearly see some as well where I think there’s some pricing upside. And I think what we’ve tried to do 
and characterize as we looked at our gross margins and some of the things we talked about, we tried to put that balance 
of both some areas where there’s upside and some areas where there’ll be challenges for us in the FY, and that’s how 
we built our plan. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thanks. Congratulations on a great year. 

<A - Judy L. Brown>: Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa>: Thank you, very much 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


