Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Arthur J. Shannon, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communication 
• Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Louise Chen 
• David Buck 
• Derek Leckow 
• Linda Bolton Weiser 
• Sumant Kulkarni 
• Serge Belanger 
• Jon Andersen 
• Gregg Gilbert 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Dawn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to The Perrigo Fiscal Year 2010 Third Quarter Earnings Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed 
on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

Mr. Art Shannon, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 

Arthur J. Shannon, Vice President, Investor Relations and Communication 

Thank you very much, Dawn. Welcome to Perrigo's third-quarter 2010 earnings conference call. I hope you all had a 
chance to review our press release, which we issued earlier this morning. A copy of the press release is available on our 
website at perrigo.com. Also on our website is the slide presentation for this call. 

Before we proceed with the call, I'd like to remind everyone that the Safe Harbor language contained in today's press 
release also pertains to this conference call. Certain statements in the call are forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, and are subject to the Safe Harbor created 
thereby. Please see the cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements on Page 1 of the company's Form 10-K 
for the year ended June 27, 2009. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Perrigo's Chairman and CEO, Joe Papa. Joe? 

Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you, Art, and welcome everyone to Perrigo's third-quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. Also joining me 
today is Judy Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 

For today's agenda I'll provide a brief perspective on the quarter, next Judy will walk through the detailed financials 
and our assumptions supporting the increase in our fiscal 2010 guidance to $2.75 to $2.80 adjusted diluted 
earnings-per-share from continuing operations. Finally, I'll give you an update on our new product portfolio and 
launches, plus an update on our other business units. This will be followed by an opportunity for question and answers. 

Now, let's discuss the quarter. We had a tremendous result across all business units in the quarter. We continue to 
execute on our plan. We had record third-quarter fiscal sales of $538 million, beating our expectations, plus record 
adjusted earnings-per-share of $0.76 from continuing operations, which was up 52% from last year on 6% sales growth. 
On top of that, consolidated adjusted operating margin from continuing operations was a record 18.2% driven by strong 
performance from each of our three business units. Additionally, we generated $57 million in cash from operations 
during the quarter. 

Our Consumer Healthcare unit had record third-quarter fiscal sales of $436 million. This was driven by an increased 
store brand market share gain and strong sales in our Analgesics category due to quality issues at a national brand. On 
Slide 3, you can see that store brands gained nearly 10 share points in acetaminophen sales during the quarter. Adjusted 
operating margin was 18.1% in this segment for the third-quarter, up 310 basis points versus last year's adjusted 
operating margin. 

During the quarter, the new product launch of our store brand version of MiraLax performed very well. On Slide 4, you 
can see that in a five-player store brand opportunity, Perrigo has the majority of customers and in just five-months our 
store brand penetration has reached 29%. Brand sales for this product are approximately $220 million annually and are 
growing about 20% per year. 

Looking at Slide 5, the overall OTC consumer market was up 1% versus last year, while national brands were down 
2.8%. And store brands gained 11.9% on the strength of new product launches and a shift in retailer and consumer 
preference to store brand in each major category. Store brand is driving the sales growth in the category. 

Our Rx business unit also had an incredibly strong quarter. We grew Rx net sales 22% while operating margin 
improved a very strong 1400 basis points to 33.1%, which is an all-time quarterly record operating margin for the 
segment. Our new over-the-counter prescription business, we call ORx, continues to grow. We believe Perrigo is 
uniquely positioned to capture the sustainable opportunity. 

Our API segment has turned the quarter from a couple of difficult years to rebound with new product sales and 
improved plant efficiencies and improving gross margin to over 40%. I'm sure there will be plenty of questions about 
our updated fiscal 2010 guidance, but first, I'll turn the call over to Judy Brown. 

Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone. As you heard from Joe, continued execution paved the way for another quarter 
of strong results. So during the next few minutes, I'll provide you a brief review of the fiscal third-quarter results and 
then review the revised expectations for fiscal 2010. 

I'd like to remind you that my comments in the third-quarter are based on continuing operations only and do not include 
the results of our Israel Consumer Products business, which were moved into a single line item, discontinued 
operations, on the face of the condensed consolidated statements of income for all periods presented. Also on March 1, 
2010 we announced that we have completed the sale of the Israel Consumer Products business. 

We had strong growth year-over-year this quarter. As you see on Slide Number 6, consolidated net sales from 
continuing operations increased 6% to a third-quarter record of $538 million, while consolidated GAAP gross profit 
grew 24%. This gross profit, dollar and margin expansion enabled us to grow consolidated GAAP operating income 
21% with an operating margin of 16.2%. 


On Slide 7, you'll see that we have excluded five items from our analysis of the adjusted operating basis financials for 
the third-quarter of fiscal 2010, and one item from fiscal third-quarter 2009. The fiscal 2010 third-quarter adjustments 
are primarily related to acquisition costs from the Orion and PBM acquisitions and restructuring charges from the sale 
of our German API facility. The restructuring in Germany is part of our overall API transformation strategy to make us 
more competitive globally. You may view the reconciliation from the reported GAAP numbers to our adjusted 
non-GAAP numbers in the appendix to this slide presentation as well as our press release. 

Now I'll take you through the rest of the financial analysis based on adjusted results from continuing operations. As you 
see on Slide 8, we had solid revenue growth year-over-year during the quarter, which was driven by strength in all of 
our segments. New product sales of approximately $28 million was the largest driver of the increase in net sales. 

We had tremendous growth in adjusted consolidated gross profit from continuing operations of 24% over last year, four 
times the revenue growth rate. This gross profit growth was driven primarily by sales of higher margin, new products in 
consumer healthcare, non-product revenue and favorable movements in pricing in Rx and continuing operating 
improvements in API. We have continued our efforts to expand margins. In this quarter we drove a nearly 500 basis 
point increase in adjusted consolidated gross margin over last year. While it's a great accomplishment, we remain 
focused on executing against the operational programs that have enabled us to reach these levels in order to maintain 
and even improve on this profitability. 

Although operating expenses are up in dollar terms on increased legal costs related to successful litigations, we were 
able to improve our expense leverage and reach an all time high adjusted, consolidated operating margin of 18.2%. Our 
performance this quarter translated into a 52% increase in adjusted diluted earnings-per-share from continuing 
operations of $0.76 up $0.50 last year. 

Now onto the business segments. As you can see on Slide 9, Consumer Healthcare's third-quarter net sales increased 
4%. The growth was largely driven by new product sales primarily in the gastrointestinal, nutrition and analgesic 
categories. Additionally, the analgesic category benefited overall this quarter for some issues at a branded 
manufacturer. Increases in existing product categories were offset by a decrease in the smoking cessation category 
brought on by the expected presence of competition as well as a year-over-year decline in our contract manufacturing 
business. 

Adjusted gross profit growth was driven by a combination of improved plant efficiencies, favorable product mix and 
new product sales. As we've mentioned before, we actively look to remove lower performing products from our 
portfolio. This does in fact place pressure on our top line net sales growth, but overall it drives more value to the 
bottom line. These combined factors including pricing and operating improvements in our nutrition category increased 
adjusted gross margin to a very strong 31.7%. 

Improved gross margin leverage was the main driver of the 310 basis point increase in adjusted operating margin. 
Increased variable incentive compensation expenses and increased legal costs related to successful litigation partially 
offset the gross margin improvements. We expect these costs to normalize going forward. 

On Slide 10, you can see that the Rx business continues to perform very well. Net sales growth was driven primarily by 
an increase in non-product revenue related to Triamcinolone nasal spray, new product sales, and positive movements in 
pricing. Please note that there were no sales of Clindamycin Phosphate Foam, the generic equivalent to Evoclin 
included in these third-quarter sales that you see on Slide 10. 

Gross profit for the quarter rose substantially compared to last year. The major drivers were non-product revenue, 
product mix, improvements in pricing, and operating efficiencies. The combination of all these factors led to a nearly 
1,500 basis point increase in gross margin. Operating income for the third-quarter more than doubled compared to last 
year. Despite an increase in R&D spending, we were still able to translate the strong net sales in gross profit 
performance into the 33.1% operating margin you see on Slide 10. 

Next looking at the API segment on Slide 11, the story in API continues to be about transformation and execution. The 
net sales increase was due largely to the introduction of new products and to dossier sales. While the pipeline looks 
strong for our API segment, the team has stayed diligent on driving strong margin improvements through improved 


operating efficiency, which translates into profitability today as well as positioning us for the future. We again saw 
triple-digit basis point improvement this quarter as compared to last year. 

Now some quick highlights on our balance sheet. Excluding cash in current investments, working capital from 
continuing operations was $377 million at the end of the quarter, nearly flat to $375 million at this time last year 
despite the top line net sales growth. 

Looking to Slide 12, you can see that our working capital turns in day sales outstanding continue to improve. We also 
saw improvements in inventory turns for the quarter. We had strong cash flow from operations for the third-quarter of 
$57 million bringing our year-to-date total to $216 million, up over 100% from fiscal 2009, $102 million. At the end of 
the third-quarter, cash and current investments securities were $315 million, up from $198 million at the end of the 
third-quarter fiscal 2009. Our total current and long-term debt on the face of the balance sheet were $825 million, but 
included a $400 million back-to-back loan, which is completely offset by the $400 million restricted cash deposit in 
non-current assets. 

As of March 27, 2010, net of the back-to-back loan, our external debt was $425 million or 28.8% of total capital. 
Excluding cash, cash equivalents and current investment securities, our net external debt to total capital was down to 
just 7.4%. Just a reminder, as part of our acquisition of PBM Holdings, we expect to incur additional debt at the time of 
closing, which is anticipated to occur within the next three business days. This quarter, we also paid approximately $6 
million in dividends or $6.25 per share. 

Now, I'd like to briefly update you on our outlook for the reminder of fiscal 2010. As a starting point, on Slide 13, you 
can see where we are versus our last fiscal 2010 guidance provided in February. During the third quarter, we were able 
to mitigate the identified pressures in our business, capitalize on tailwinds and execute on many opportunities, resulting 
in performance that outpaced even our own guidance expectation. 

Looking at Slide 14, you'll see our updated consolidated full-year expectations. We are now estimating consolidated 
revenue growth of 12 to 13% including approximately $50 million of contribution from PBM. We are now expecting 
full-year adjusted consolidated gross margin to approximate 33% of net sales as it is year-to-date, and adjusted 
consolidated operating margin to be between 16 and 17% of net sales. As a percentage of net sales we continue to 
expect adjusted operating expenses excluding R&D to approximate 13% or flat compared to last year. 

Additionally there is no change to our R&D spending expectation, which remains targeted at 4% of net sales. Note that 
these updated expectations include two months of contribution from the acquisition of PBM Holdings. With the 
assumptions I just reviewed we are now expecting full year fiscal 2010 adjusted diluted earnings-per-share from 
continuing operations to be between $2.75 and $2.80, which is an increase of 47 to 50% from fiscal 2009 adjusted 
diluted earnings-per-share from continuing operations of $1.87. This assumes an effective worldwide tax rate from 
continuing operations of approximately 28%. 

Finally looking at cash flow. We expect deal related expenses to be approximately $8 million negative to fourth-quarter 
cash flow. But even taking these and other deal related uses of cash into consideration, given our strong year-to-date 
performance we continue to expect cash flow from operations to be between 270 and $300 million for the full-year. 

This has been another strong quarter for us, and an exciting year. The team is already well into planning for fiscal 2011 
and focused and ready for the integration of PBM, new product launches and continued execution. 

So now let me turn it back to Joe. 

Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Judy. Now that Judy has provided the details from the quarter, I'd like to review several of the important 
accomplishments during the third quarter as well as our increased earnings guidance and how we expect to continue 
this growth. 


First, it was a very busy quarter for us. Let me start with the acquisition of the infant formula manufacturing business. 
On March 23 we signed an agreement to acquire PBM Holdings for $808 million. PBM is the largest store brand 
manufacturer of infant formula in the world. We expect to add approximately $300 million in sales and be at least 10% 
accretive to GAAP EPS during the first full fiscal year and ROIC accretive in year two. We expect to grow the store 
brand penetration in this adjacent category as we integrate PBM and utilize our marketing and distribution expertise. 

In March, we acquired Orion Laboratories for $49 million in cash. Orion is the leading supplier of over-the-counter 
store brand pharmaceutical products in Australia and New Zealand. In addition, Orion manufactures and distributes 
pharmaceutical products supplied to hospitals in Australia. The acquisition is expected to add more than $30 million in 
sales annually and be accretive in earnings during the first full year. Orion expands our global presence and 
compliments our existing business. Australia currently has a very low store brand penetration and presents a great 
opportunity for future growth. 

In February, we received final approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to manufacture and market 
Ciclopirox Shampoo, 1%, a generic version of LOPROX Shampoo. We began shipping the product immediately. 
LOPROX's estimated annual brand sales for the last 12 months were $26 million. On March 15, we launched into a 
new adjacent OTC category, Ophthalmics. We began shipping a generic version of Zaditor. Zaditor had estimated 
annual brand sales during the last 12-months of $15 million. 

On March 31, we launched a generic version of Evoclin. This new product is part of our highly successful partnership 
with Cobrek Pharmaceuticals. Two years ago we partnered with Cobrek for several topical foam products. This past 
month, our first major launch with them of Clindamycin Phosphate Foam was a very significant success. We look 
forward to launching more new products as a result of this partnership. 

We also announced with Cobrek that we settled all Hatch-Waxman litigation relating to Betamethasone Valerate Foam 
brought by Stiefel, a GSK Company. We are taking a royalty-bearing license under all relevant patents. Under the 
terms of the settlement, Perrigo can launch a generic version of Luxiq Foam on January 15, 2013, or earlier under 
certain circumstances. Luxiq Foam had sales of approximately $38 million for the 12-months ended February 2010. 

On April 13, we entered into an agreement with Graceway Pharmaceuticals to settle all existing patent litigation 
regarding our ANDA filing for generic Imiquimod. As part of the agreement we were named Graceway's authorized 
generic distributor for Aldara product through February 24, 2011, and under certain circumstances will be able to 
launch our generic product after that date. We began shipping product earlier this week. Aldara had sales of 
approximately $370 million for the 12-months ending February 2010. 

Finally, we won a favorable jury verdict against Rexall Sundown in an unfair competition lawsuit. The jury 
unanimously found the statement on Perrigo's store brand packaging inviting consumers to compare the products to 
Rexall Sundown's Osteo Bi-Flex is not false and misleading and does not violate Section 43 of the Lanham Act. This 
verdict is an important victory for store brands, U.S. retailers and consumers. The jury verdict confirms the statements 
on our wholesalers and retailers packaging inviting consumers to compare store brand products to the comparable 
higher priced national brand products are fair and legal. This kind of informational statement helps consumers to 
identify store brand products they want and helps them save as they choose the affordable high quality store brand 
option. 

In summary, we continue to execute on our plan. We continue to focus on our five pillars of quality, customer service, 
new products, low-cost structure and our people. We believe our balance sheet is strong and positions Perrigo to stay 
the course for any market conditions while generating strong cash flow. 

Our OTC business is the clear leader in the category. Our Rx business is beating our expectations and we believe it is 
well positioned to continue to capture opportunities in the ORx business. Our API business has turned the corner and is 
poised for a strong year in fiscal 2011. Before we move to questions I'd like to publicly thank all the 7,500 plus Perrigo 
employees around the world for an outstanding contributions to the quarter and really what they've done has been truly 
outstanding. 

Now let's take your questions. Operator, I'd like to open up the lines for questions. 


Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Louise Chen [Collins Stewart]. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Hi, several questions here on the quarter. First question I had was with respect to your guidance, 
the gross margin, are you updating that at all the 32 to 33% for the full-year for fiscal 2010? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, the guidance that we are now 
providing and we're approximating 33% for the full-year. Yes. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: And the other thing was, obviously you had a great margins this quarter better than I think they 
expected on the street. I'm just wondering how sustainable that margin improvement will be going into fiscal 2011, if 
you see additional margin improvement on top of what you've shown this quarter? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah Louise. Hi, it's Joe Papa. The margin that we 
saw in the quarter was very significant it really reflected a couple of things. Number one, the importance of some of the 
new products we launched. Number two, product mix. And obviously the real strength that we see in the generic Rx 
business and the API business. So that was an important driver for us, and our expectations is based on the new 
products are that we will continue to have very strong gross margin. The only thing I will add is Aldara is an authorized 
generic and as a result as you can imagine that will have a lower contribution to the gross margin structure, offset of 
course by PBM, which we do believe will have a higher gross margin. So just it will be a little bit of a move between 
segments, but on balance we do think it'll be continuing in this way. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Yeah and then just last question on PBM. Just wondering when you might be giving an update on 
additional new product opportunities. And then also when we would see better packaging and increased distribution for 
PBM's products once the acquisition is closed? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well let me say, PBM, the team has, we are delighted 
with the progress they have made on the product filings and activities there. So there are some activities that are well 
underway. We think the team has done outstanding as we've come to learn more about the business since our 
announcement of the acquisition. Paul Manning and his team has just truly done an outstanding job on it. We clearly 
will look to continue to move the progress forward from what Paul has done and the team has done. But I don't want to 
go into any more specifics of when the next new product will come out. 

We are taking a look at packaging. We think there are some packaging opportunities that help the consumers more 
easily identify our products to be the store brand equivalent to the national brand. And that's something we will work 
very closely with Paul Manning and his team on in terms of trying to continuously improve the packaging design, the 
labeling design to help the consumers to compare to the national brand. 

So, those activities are in the works, but probably we hold off to make any of the specific comments until we have 
specific news we'd like to share. Also the one point I don't want to leave out is geographically we continue to believe 
there are a number of geographical expansion opportunities with store brand. And once again Paul Manning's team is 
taking the lead here, but we're trying to work it as well with our teams that we have in countries like Mexico, Australia 
and around the world. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Okay thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Buck [Buckingham Research]. 


<Q - David Buck>: Yes thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple of questions on what's in the guidance, just can 
you talk about Aldara's contribute to profits and generic Mucinex, how they're accounted for in the updated guidance? 
And then for PBM, you've talked about the accretion for fiscal 2011 in GAAP terms and previously you had said it 
wouldn't be accretive at all in this fiscal year, is that still the case or did you see some opportunity to take the accretion 
up sooner? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah why don't you take up the PBM question first. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I'll take the PBM question first. So 
we expect that the two months of PBM -- let me just, I said in my formal comments that we expect the PBM transaction 
that closes in the next three business days, which would imply then that we would have the month of May and June in 
our fiscal year. So on an operating basis on the adjusted earnings from continuing operations guidance we provided 
there are a few pennies of contribution there from PBM, excluding charges related to deal costs, et cetera. And then 
obviously we made the comments on GAAP accretion that go into 2011. We're not commenting on '11 yet, but we do 
expect that some of the increase in guidance raise is coming from PBM. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That being said, again close expected 
in the next few days, and we'll be commenting in more detail on the full contribution of PBM going forward when we 
do our August full-year earnings call for the 2011 fiscal year. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Just to repeat Judy, we're saying that the PBM first 
year GAAP accretion is $0.10 of earnings from a GAAP accretion point of view. We have not changed that one, David. 
Obviously, it will depend on the exact closing timing, as Judy outlined, but 10% in the first year. I'm sorry, $0.10, I'm 
sorry, $0.10 in the first year, what we have said and we will continue to say. 

On the question of the guidance relative to Aldara and generic Mucinex, let me go through them individually. On 
Aldara, our previous assumptions were that we would have an August 2010 launch that was previously what we 
assumed after our 180-day exclusivity. As a result of our agreement with Graceway, it allows us to enter the market 
earlier, as I mentioned we launch this week. So, earlier this week, we have launched the product into the marketplace, 
and it is performing very well. We are picking up our share of customers, and we're excited about this opportunity for 
us that obviously has an impact on our ability to enter the market with a earlier than expected launch of the product, so 
good news there. 

On the other hand we have – do not have approval at this time for generic Mucinex. As a result of not having approval, 
FDA approval at this time, we have removed Guaifenesin from our fourth quarter numbers to be prudent, even though 
as Judy has previously noted, we are raising our guidance for the rest of the year, but we did not, we did not include the 
generic Mucinex at this time based on not having FDA approval. 

<Q - David Buck>: Great, thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Derek Leckow [Barrington Research]. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Hi, thank you. Good morning and congratulations. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Derek. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you, Derek. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Just if I could start with the Guaifenesin comment, I mean we're shifting then I guess over to 
2011, and could you remind us again the size of that market and what you guys are planning for, because I think I heard 
you say you're pruning your portfolio. And if I look at the CHC segment, the 4% growth it all came from new products, 


but your discontinuing some existing ones, and I wonder if it's because of the Guaifenesin launch next year? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, let me, I'll start with the facts on Guaifenesin. 
I'm not sure exactly the pruning of the portfolio concept, but I'll just start with the facts as I understand them. On the 
Guaifenesin side we, it's a Guaifenesin extended release 600 mg product. It's approximately 160, $170 million. It's in 
that range, in terms of opportunity we expect into the market. First, we expect to have an exclusivity for the product 
during the early six months of the product, but not exactly six months here to be defined exactly how long it will be, 
but our expectation is we will enter the market in that first wave, first product in the area. 

On the question of the pruning of the portfolio, the only area that we have done any pruning in is in the Nutritional 
category. We have made a decision to exit some of the products that were, well, I will call them less profitable to us. In 
fact some of the profitability was at zero or close to zero, and we said it was not appropriate for us to continue to 
manufacture those products. So we have done some pruning of the portfolio in that sense in the Nutritional category. 
That was the... 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Yeah, that's what I was trying to get at. So it wasn't in the Cough-Cold category. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: And I wondered how that was performing and how -- what are you seeing in the Cough-Cold 
category right now? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, so maybe just back up a little bit, and I'll get to 
your question. First comment is that our overall business is up about 10% year-to-date just as we compare for the first 
nine months of fiscal year '10 versus fiscal year '09. So we got, our growth is right in line with what we had expected. 
However, as you know and others and we have talked previously, the Cough-Cold category was up significantly during 
the first, our first and second quarter, of our first, second quarter because of the H1N1. It was up in the range of 14, 
15%. 

As a result though of the earlier flu season with H1N1, we did see some depression in Cough-Cold sales during the 
current quarter that we are in. As more and more consumers bought products earlier in the year, and if they were 
impacted by the seasonal flu, they had the products in their medicine cabinets. So, on balance Cough-Cold is up slightly 
from the, for the full season; however, the latest quarter it was down slightly from the previous year, if that's the 
question that you're asking. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Yeah, I'm just trying to understand that better, because that slowdown was kind of anticipated. 
But it sounds like pricing is holding up, and it sounds like inventory levels at retailers are coming down. So I'm just 
wondering in relative to your excellent margin performance here, I mean is pricing something that could be a factor? 
Should we be thinking about pricing being remaining stable, or getting better presumably in the Cough-Cold category 
pricing from new products obviously helps you, but some of the older products is what I was kind of thinking about. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so on balance I would say our pricing for our 
older portfolio, our core product portfolio is flat to up slightly, when you take a look at the OTC and Nutritional 
products its flat to up slightly. The real growth of it though has been in the areas of the new product launches that we've 
had, and especially, as I mentioned when you talk about the generic Rx business, it really has been draw, new products 
have been an important contributor to the growth in our gross margin category from a new product/product mix 
category. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: So, and then just wanted to ask a question about competition, I mean we've seen tremendous 
shifts in our market of store brand versus national brands. Are you seeing any difference in behavior on the part of 
some your national brand competitors? And are you seeing anything that we -- obviously promotional activities or 
pricing or anything changed in that regard? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, well clearly the national brands have our good 
competitors. We expect to see continued promotions on their part. However, I think what we're seeing both from the 
retailers and the consumer point view is the move to store brand. From the retail point of view they know that store 


brand drives their profitability. From the consumer point of view they know that they can get an effective product and 
still save some, a quality effective product and save some value here. So, those trends I think are the same. The only 
thing I would say is remarkably different, is at least I see more innovation on behalf of the national brand 
manufacturers coming out with more innovative products and that I would believe that, that's really going to be the 
primary way in which the national brand companies tries to compete with the store brand is by coming out with new 
products. 

<Q - Derek Leckow>: Great, well let me stop there. Thanks a lot and good luck. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you Derek. Thanks for your questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes the line of Linda Bolton Weiser [Caris]. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Hi, how are you doing? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good Linda, how are you? 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Good. So, just back again on the core consumer healthcare business. I think you 
mentioned that smoking cessation, the client contributed a little bit there. What is that? I mean is that just a more 
competition from Watson or what specifically is going on there? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, in that core Consumer Healthcare businesses 
in Nicotine there is some seasonal issues on that one, but also some additional competition from Watson, that is true. 
That is something that's part of it. So there's some truth to that absolutely. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: So, just a little bit of like downward pricing pressure? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: There is some pricing, but I don't want get 
overwhelmed by it. I think what's important on the pricing aspect is to remind you that our total core business that the 
pricing on the total amount of Nicotine products is one part of it, but then if you take a look at some of the other 
categories we're able to get some pricing increases. So on balance there I still feel very comfortable saying that across 
OTC and our Vitamin-Nutritional segment our pricing at this time is flat to up slightly. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Okay great. And... 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And from a modeling point of view it's flat. I don't 
want you to get over excited by that comment; I would just use flat pricing. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Okay, I got you, thanks. And then can you, just looking forward a little bit to FY'11, I 
know you're not ready to give guidance and stuff, but can you talk about a couple, the status of a couple of the new 
products that could be important on the Rx side like Duac and the Xyzal tablets, like what the status is? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, well we're not going to spend too much time 
on fiscal year 2011 until August, as you know our process of how we do it, but we feel very comfortable that in Xyzal 
we have a first to file. It could be a generic Rx product, it may switch to over-the-counter status based on at least our 
belief at this point that the other non-sedating antihistamine starting with Claritin including Zyrtec. I believe Allegra 
will switch over-the-counter as well and I think the facts are Xyzal would be a good candidate based on being the 
isomer of the Zyrtec to switch over-the-counter. 

But we're going to be prepared for a launch of that product, whether it be a generic Rx product or an over-the-counter 
product. On the Duac we're not going to really say too much on Duac at this point, obviously it's a first to file, we're 
excited about that. We think it was a great acquisition and we look forward to getting into that marketplace, but I think 
there's still a little bit uncertainty to exactly put the date or to say much more about it before August timeframe. 


<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Okay and then just on the guidance, I mean if I take sort of, I don't know midpoint of 
your range like 277 that would imply like about a $0.65 number for the fourth-quarter, which is down a lot from the 
$0.76 in this quarter. So, I'm just trying to think in my head like what would make their earnings go down sequentially, 
when the sales base looks like it's going to be about the same. You're going to have Aldara in there. You're going to 
have Evoclin in there. Can you just explain a little bit? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, it's a great question, Linda. As we looked at it 
there's a couple of things, the first one is that we expect to see that we will be able to spend some incremental dollars in 
the R&D category as an example, that would be one of the things that, you know we spent a little bit less in R&D this 
quarter than we would have liked, but that's just a normal variation that happens quarter-to-quarter. So, we're going to 
spend a little bit more in R&D during the next quarter as an example and that's why we're setting the guidance. 

There's going to be clearly some upside in some products, the Aldara for example. The Evoclin launch will just, the 
generic Rx Evoclin. Those will all be some real positive in our generic Rx business. So, there's a number of moving 
pieces, but as we put together the number we felt it was the best representation at this point, in terms of where we are 
for a number. Judy, I don't know if you want to add anything further. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Just on a purely mechanical front, not 
to forget also we always model and give directions towards gross margins and operating margins in the pieces in there. 
In the fourth quarter the interest run rate will kick up, the tax run rate will kick up because of the inclusion of PBM. 
Now, when we gave you number in EPS, we included those factors, but when you're up above in your model putting in 
different line items not to forgot that, again the interest spend will have to go up because of PBM overall tax rate just in 
that fourth quarter to get the averaging to still work will be up slightly. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Linda. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sumant Kulkarni [Bank of America Merrill Lynch]. 

<Q - Sumant Kulkarni>: My question is [inaudible] (36:56s) – so you mentioned Allegra and Allegra D going, 
probably going over-the-counter, but the question is what hurdles would remain in place for you to launch these store 
brands of these products and also Zegerid OTC? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, so we are basing our comments on what we 
have heard publicly stated and what we are hearing from customers about Allegra, it is our belief that Sanofi will utilize 
their newly acquired Chatham business to move the Allegra from a prescription product to an over-the-counter product. 
We can't say that it's going to happen with exact certainty, but we do hear that that's going to happen and obviously we 
need to get prepared for that in the event that Allegra does go over-the-counter. But we do, assuming it does go 
over-the-counter we will need to have the labeling of the product, the OTC product prior to us entering into the 
marketplace. 

So, what we are clearly working to try to understand what the labeling changes will be we certainly in the case of 
Zyrtec for example, we're able to fall into marketplace very quickly. I don't expect it to be that quickly, but there's 
nonetheless we are going to enter into the marketplace as soon as we can. 

<Q - Sumant Kulkarni>: How about on Zegerid OTC when might you be in the position to launch that product? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The date on that one I believe it is 2012, I believe is 
the stated date. Now there's some patent issues and things that have come up for that product. But because they've 
gotten a new indication my expectation is still is going to be a 2012 type of event. 


<Q - Sumant Kulkarni>: And in the generic Rx segment you mentioned some non-product revenues, could they 
contribute differentially, positively to the gross margins on that segment? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The answer to that is absolutely, it's very consistent 
with what we have talked about previously though and I think we have publicly stated that the opportunity for the 
Triamcinolone Nasal Spray was certainly an important part of that. And that's something we have talked about 
previously in terms of payments that, quarterly payments that we received. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Those milestones payments dropped 
straight through to operating margin. 

<Q - Sumant Kulkarni>: Okay. And now that you're getting closer to the PBM acquisition close, are you providing 
any quantitative color on the gross margins for that piece of the business? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not yet at this time, we'll obviously provide more 
information and filings at some point in the near future, but not yet. 

<Q - Sumant Kulkarni>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you for your questions Sumant. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Elliot Wilbur [Needham & Company]. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Elliot. 

<Q - Serge Belanger>: Good morning, this is actually Serge Belanger for Elliot. I had a couple of questions, first on 
your recent launch of the authorized Aldara generics, can you provide some information on the pricing of the product 
and how it's changed since Fougera launched their own product? Go ahead, I'll ask the question afterwards. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So I'm not going to provide any specific comments 
on pricing, obviously every customer is a different customer and they have different requirements, different needs. But 
I'm very pleased with our initial success in getting market share into the market relative, I'm not aware of specific 
pricing that Fougera has, but I certainly feel that we're launching this product in a two player market, in a very 
consistent fashion with what I've seen previous two player markets. 

Also I would comment that our expectation is that this will remain a two-player market for some amount of time. We 
don't expect to see for example 20 players in this market. We certainly do expect to see one or two more at some point 
in the future, but our expectation is this will not be a 20 player market just based on the topical requirements for what 
extended topical type products required from a clinical endpoint trial. 

<Q - Serge Belanger>: Okay, and then secondly can you disclose the Nasacort related revenue that was recorded in the 
generic business segment? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: In generic business segment this 
quarter we talked about non-product revenue. Within that number is $3 million for the Triamcinolone related payment. 

<Q - Serge Belanger>: Okay, and what it the total of the non-product revenue? 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: 4. 

<Q - Serge Belanger>: And then my last question on the Nutritionals business. Can you just provide some of the more 
color on the current dynamics that you're seeing? 


<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure they just, the Vitamin-Nutritionals you're 
referring to specifically, correct? 

<Q - Serge Belanger>: Yeah. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. Well I think as we've stated previously the 
Vitamin-Nutritionals business is a good business for Perrigo. It's approximately 10% of our business ballpark in terms 
of the size of the business. Second comment I'd make is that, we did have to make some product discontinuations in the 
category. However, I'm happy to say that as a result of that we have improved our position albeit, versus a year ago, on 
a year ago to be candid, we had a very, very low base of profitability because of some of the things that were occurring 
in the marketplace associated with the Olympics in China and some other activities that occurred from a sourcing of the 
raw materials. 

We have now improved our sourcing of raw materials. We have also improved our ability to manufacture all of the 
nutritional products within our current facilities, and as a result of that our profitability has improved in the category 
from a year ago and we are on track for our plans. I want to be clear though the profitability of our nutritional business 
is not as high as our corporate average. It is below our corporate average, and it's on it's track to get to where we expect 
our expectations, are right on track but it is below our corporate average. 

<Q - Serge Belanger>: All right, thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We have a follow-up question from the line of David Buck [Buckingham Research]. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yes, two questions. First, can you talk about what the expectations are in terms of timing for, 
generic Temodar in the U.S., obviously you have the appeals process but can you give us some sense of what your best 
thought on that is there? And then also was there any revenue in the API segment from European sales? And finally on 
the call for PBM, I believe you said that PBM would be the highest gross margin business that you'll have, highest 
gross margin segment, can you just confirm that? And is it also the highest operating margin segment? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, so a lot of good questions Dave, let me start 
with the Temodar. It's hard for us to make any specific comments on Temodar U.S. in that it is still in a court system 
process. Obviously our hope is that it will work its way through the court system as soon as possible, but we are 
working very closely with our partner Teva on this particular issue. And I really can't make too many more comments 
about the court system at this point. I do expect we'll hear more about it in the near future, but at this point it's 
impossible for me to make any further comment on exactly how it will work its way through the court system. 

Relative to the second part of your question on Temodar, or Temozolomide as we call it in the European Union, that is 
correct we did ship Temozolomide in Europe. There is a small amount of shipments because it happened fairly late in 
our quarter. Our expectation is that will continue to grow. We have I think at this point we have up to five customers 
where we are making the Temozolomide raw material, converting that raw material into a finished tablet and then 
shipping the finished product to right now I think we have five specific customers, including Teva, Mylan, Ratiopharm 
and two others that I, escape me right at this point. But – so we are making good progress with that and are very 
pleased with the European launch of Temozolomide. I'll have more to say about it next quarter and for next year. And 
then I'm, sorry, I forgot your final question, David. 

<Q - David Buck>: Yeah, so the first one I guess was PBM on the call, yeah. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. PBM is a very good business, that's why 
we acquired it as we previously stated. It does have a very good gross margin structure. Relative to our overall gross 
margins, it is one, going to be one of the higher, but I think as you note in our current gross margin for our performance 
of our Rx business, it truly has moved up quite substantially from previous years. So I don't want you to think it's 


higher than the Rx gross margin that we've currently reported, I mean, just reported. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay, so slightly lower than that. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't want to talk more about the number at this 
point. 

<Q - David Buck>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Jon Andersen [William Blair]. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Good morning. 

<A - Judy L. Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Good morning, Jon. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Jon. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Just a couple of quick questions, broadly can you comment on where you are in terms of kind of 
your SKU rationalization efforts in CHC? And then second, can you give a quick update on international expansion? 
Thank you. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, great questions. On the SKU rationalization, 
that continues to be ongoing. We've gone in and looked at which products are and margin structures on those products 
and also looking at the volume for the products to really determine what we think is the best cost accounting for each 
product in trying to determine where we should be with the product and will the product sustain itself for the longer 
term. 

So, we've done, I think an excellent job of, many people would call it weeding the garden or some type of a review on 
our process for going forward in trying to understand where the product performance is, where we think the future is, 
what the customer value creation opportunities are, and what's important to our customers because that really helps us 
to drive our performance over the long term. 

So we've done a lot of this -- that from the SKU rationalization. Most of that in the consumer healthcare rationalization 
has occurred in our Vitamin-Nutritional business where with some product categories we just found that we were not as 
competitive as would like and so we made some decisions to exit some of those products helping us to, it did depress 
the sales, but obviously it helped us to build our gross margin percentage profitability. 

On the international side, we continue to look to move our business forward. We are very excited about this concept of 
quality affordable healthcare, not only in the United States, but around the world because all around the world we find 
there are needs to grow a portfolio of products similar to what Perrigo has because people are looking for quality 
products, but they're also looking for ones that are affordable and that's what we think we can provide. 

So we continue to make steps in that, obviously the first step was, one of the first steps was what we did in Mexico, 
what we did in England. Now most recently what we did with Orion in Australia. We continue to believe there are 
opportunities in Asia, in Europe, and in Latin America and South America, and we're going to continue to look for, 
where can we find opportunities that fit our model of ROIC accretive. 

<Q - Jon Andersen>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Gilbert [Bank of America]. 


<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks. First, just to the follow-up on Sumant's question on Allegra, Joe it sounds like you don't 
think the multiple patents in the orange book really affect you in terms of a timeline for the OTC market, do I have that 
right? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I don't know I want to say it that way, Gregg. I 
think there will be opportunities if Allegra goes over-the-counter I believe that we will be well positioned to enter into 
the marketplace at the first wave of product that gets there. Now I can't tell you exactly when that will be because I 
don't know when it's going to go over-the-counter. However, we do believe that it will go over-the-counter sometime in 
the next 12-months or so, based on what the intelligence we're hearing out here. 

I do believe that we – this is a product opportunity that will be -- I think Sanofi will spend behind it, and it will be a 
significant opportunity. As a result of that we at Perrigo want to find ways to enter into the marketplace and whether we 
do it ourselves or through a partnership, we do think this will be something that would be a perfect type of opportunity 
for us just based on the success we have had with the Zyrtec product. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Okay and then on the M&A front, the other consumer categories you've stated interest in the 
past are ophthalmics and diagnostics. Is there any more color within those, you care to provide things you would do 
versus would not do conceptually? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, you have a very good memory, Gregg. We 
identified three categories. One category was infant formula, we have now moved on that. Second categories was 
ophthalmics, we have moved on that, albeit in a small way with our first launch of the Ketotifen product that we just 
launched this quarter. We do think there are incremental opportunities to launch ophthalmic products into the 
over-the-counter store brand base, and we'll move on that as you'll see in the future and probably I'll have a chance to 
talk more about it in August. But there are additional ophthalmic products that we think will be important opportunities 
for us to enter. 

And it's really, to be honest; we think it's a good market because it's not as competitive as certainly just in oral tablets. 
So, therefore we think, ophthalmics will be a good product category for us for the future. Relative to home diagnostics, 
that one for us where people are testing blood glucose at home or other pregnancy tests we're in it to a small degree. 
But we're just looking at that as being something that's important to our customers and if it's important to our 
customers, it's important to us. Therefore, we're trying to see, at what way we can play a role in trying to improve the 
overall quality and the value equation of healthcare by entering into a store brand home diagnostic opportunity. I don't 
want to make any specific comments about any specific opportunity obviously, but it's all about, in our minds the needs 
of our customers in trying to identify where they want to go and what product offering we could bring to help them to 
get to their, improve their value equation. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: And then lastly in the pediatric area, obviously PBM was a very nice entry there. But are there 
other products in your current line that could benefit from that increased presence or other adjacent categories there that 
you could make acquisitions into? Thanks. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well, I mean let me start with our existing 
portfolio. We believe that the strength of the PBM business and the strength of this business as what they have with the 
relationship with customers that are overseeing the baby and nutritional business, baby nutritional business and infant 
formula business, will allow us to bring certain value to some of the customers that we don't have a big presence with. 
So they're going to – PBM will bring some value and at the same time we're going to hopefully bring some value as we 
take the PBM products and try to get better position to some of the drug retailers. 

So, I think there's going to be a synergy that goes both ways on infant formula and pediatrics. Where I will say to be 
clear though is that as an example we have a pediatric electrolyte business, it's a good business but one in which we 
think that there's opportunities as we work to put promotion together. There's a lot of things that we think the team at 
PBM has done right and we hope to follow some of those things as we go forward in the marketplace to build an even 
stronger store brand presence for the quality affordable healthcare business. 

<Q - Gregg Gilbert>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Next question is a follow-up question from the line of Linda Bolton Weiser [Caris]. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Hi. On Proctor and Gambles' conference call today, they specifically made it sound like 
competition in omeprazole was more -- getting worse. These, and they kind of use the plural. So do you think it's, I 
mean I don't know if they were referring to the Dr. Reddy's product, but from your viewpoint has the Dr. Reddy's entry 
put additional pricing pressure into the market at this point? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, good question Linda. Let me just start with 
some facts and I'll just start with the, then maybe a qualitative comment. Relative to what's happening in the 
omeprazole business and let me just start even bigger, PPI business. For the proton pump inhibitor the unit volume 
versus, these nine months versus nine months a year ago, is up 24%. So clearly you are seeing movement from the 
older treatments for heartburn like Calcium antacid tablets, as an example, to the newer proton pump inhibitors because 
you have a 24% increase in proton pump inhibitor units and that's partially the result of omeprazole, but it's also the 
result of what we've seen with Prevacid and what we've seen with Zegerid as an example. 

In the area that we are also looking at we are seeing the store brand business omeprazole being up right around that 
same amount during -- from a year ago based on what we're seeing per unit. And I am seeing Prilosec OTC down 
slightly from the actual Prilosec OTC brand being down slightly versus a year ago based on the first nine months of the 
year, at least as we have seen it. 

So that's the factual data. Do I think though that there are increasing competition at the brand level by what we're 
seeing with Prevacid and what we're seeing with Zegerid against Prilosec OTC, the answer to that is clearly yes. But I 
think importantly you're seeing the total category and unit grow which is, if you put this into the analogy of the pie, the 
pie is getting bigger. It's getting bigger very quickly up almost 24% versus a year ago, which I would describe to be 
very rapid growth of the total pie, but you are seeing some pressure on the brand side as a result of the launch of the 
Zegerid and also on Prevacid, although I think Zegerid's little early to make too much of a comment on. 

So that maybe from a factional basis, do we continue to see competition from our competitor in the store brand 
omeprazole, the answer is yes. We like our position as I've stated previously. We like the fact that we've had a two-plus 
year head start and we've got strong relationships and this is very strong and very important product to our retailers and 
we're going to continue to hold our share. I do think Dr. Reddy has gained some share, and will gain some share but we 
like our position where we are in the marketplace. 

<Q - Linda Bolton Weiser>: Thank you, very much. 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Linda. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from; a follow-up question comes from Louise Chen [Collins Stewart]. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Hi, just one follow-up, I was just wondering was there -- would you ever consider partnering with 
Par for store brand Zegerid OTC product? 

<A - Joseph C. Papa, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good question, Louise. I think what I would say for 
any opportunity in the store brand world, Perrigo is the leader in OTC store brand. If there's a product opportunity I 
think it makes sense to partner to get a situation where it may not be as valuable to us as if we do it ourselves. The 
partnership offer either date certainty or they also offer the ability to get to the market earlier and what I have specified 
for my team is that our goal as the leader in over-the-counter store brand products is to be there in the first wave of 
products and in that particular case, obviously Zegerid and Par have a very unique position there based on the recent 
legal findings. 


So we will continue to try to talk to them and for any product that for that matter where we think it is an opportunity to 
enter into the marketplace to improve, to make quality affordable healthcare reality for our customers, its something 
we're going to try to do. So and I don't want to say specifically on any product, but I would certainly say we want to be 
the market leaders, we want to be first. 

<Q - Louise Chen>: Thank you. 

Joseph C. Papa, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Thank you Louise. I think that really is where we're going to stop the questions at this point. I want to say thank you to 
every one for your interest in Perrigo. And once again I would like to thank the 7,000 plus people that work for Perrigo 
around the world for just helping us deliver outstanding quarter and truly making quality affordable healthcare a greater 
reality for people all over the world. So thank you everyone. Thank you very much for your interest in Perrigo. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2014, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


