Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Jeffrey S. Lloyd, Media Relations, Sitrick and Company 
• Cloyce A. Talbott, President and Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Patterson-UTI Energy Third Quarter 
2006 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, 
Wednesday, the 1st of November, 2006. 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Lloyd on behalf of Patterson-UTI Energy. Please go ahead. 

Jeffrey S. Lloyd, Media Relations, Sitrick and Company 

Thank you very much. Good morning. On behalf of Patterson-UTI Energy, I would like to welcome you to today's 
conference call to discuss the results of the three and six months ended September 30, 2006. Three and nine months, 
I'm sorry. Participating in today's call will be Cloyce Talbott, President and Chief Executive Officer, and John Vollmer, 
Chief Financial Officer. Mark Siegel, the company's Chairman, will not be on today's call as he is attending a funeral. 
Mr. Siegel will, however, be presenting tomorrow at the Merrill Lynch Global Energy Conference in New York. 

Just a brief reminder that statements made in this conference call which state the company's or managements' 
intentions, beliefs, expectations, or predictions for the future are forward-looking statements. It's important to note that 
actual results could differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. Important factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially include but are not limited to declines in oil and natural gas prices that 
could adversely affect demand for the company's services, and their associated effect on day rates, rig utilization, and 
planned capital expenditures, adverse industry conditions, difficulty in integrating acquisitions, demand for oil and 
natural gas, and ability to retain management and field personnel. 

Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the company's SEC filings. Copies of these filings may be 
obtained by contacting the company or the SEC. And now I will turn the call over to Cloyce Talbott for some opening 
remarks to be followed by questions and answers. Cloyce. 

Cloyce A. Talbott, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Jeff. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I hope that by now all of you have had an 
opportunity to read our earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning prior to the opening of the market. 
Before responding to your questions, we would like to take a few minutes to review briefly some of the highlights from 
the third quarter ended September 30, 2006. I would like to cover four points this morning, first point being continued 
record financial results. Second point, continued record operating results, and the third point being update on our rig 
refurbishments and finally our outlook for land drilling. 

First point, continued record financial results. I'm pleased to report that total revenues, net income, and net income per 
common share all set new records in the third quarter of '06. To summarize briefly, net income for the quarter increased 


by 75% to $186 million or $1.12 per share from $106 million or $0.61 per share for the third quarter ended September 
30 of 2005. Revenues for the quarter were up about 44% to $674 million compared to $469 million for the third quarter 
of '05. Once again, the results demonstrates the earnings leverage we're able to achieve at high levels of rig utilization, 
as a 44% increase in revenue generated nearly a 75% increase in net income. 

We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and as of September 30, 2006, we had $322 million in working capital 
and $48 million of net debt. During the third quarter, we also purchased $167 million of the company's common stock. 
Since September 30, we purchased an additional $23 million of the common stock and substantially eliminated our net 
debt. In the aggregate, we have now repurchased approximately $390 million of our outstanding shares and reduced our 
outstanding share count by approximately 8%. 

Second point, continued record operating results. We achieved our 15th consecutive quarter of increases in average 
revenue per operating day and average margin per operating day. Average revenues per operating day increased by 
$1,030 to a record $20,810, and our average margins per operating day grew by $190 to $11,170 compared to the 
quarter ended June 30, 2006. While the high level of activity in our industry contributed to increased pricing for drilling 
services, it also contributed to substantial increases in compensation and repair costs during the quarter. Our third 
quarter expenses were impacted by a substantial increase in field wages, which was implemented in June, and by some 
lost drilling days, which were caused by delays in the delivery of some needed components for certain rig repairs. 

During the third quarter of '06, we had an average of 301 rigs operating, including 290 in the U.S. and 11 in Canada. 
Compared to the second quarter of '06, our average rigs working increased by 4 in the U.S. and by 2 in Canada. In 
addition, our Pressure Pumping and Fluid businesses continued their outstanding performances in the third quarter. We 
acknowledge the contribution made by our colleagues in all of our business units. 

Third point is update on rig refurbishments. We are on target with respect to our 2006 rig refurbishment program with 
23 refurbished rigs now being marketed. These refurbished rigs have virtually all the characteristics and qualities of 
new rigs. We expect to complete seven additional refurbished rigs before the end of the calendar year, bringing our 
total to 30 essentially new rigs for calendar 2006. 

Like others in the industry, we faced a challenge of increased costs and slower-than-expected deliveries of rig 
components. As a result of increased level of activity and increases in cost of rig components, we have increased our 
expected capital expending for 2006 from approximately $500 million to $600 million. These delays with respect to 
components have also caused repairs of running rigs to be delayed and to be more costly. We are continuing our 
program for refurbishing rigs and adding new rigs to the fleet for 2007, but are undertaking a careful review to 
determine whether greater efficiency can be achieved with respect to our capital expending. 

And finally, our outlook. Given the warm weather last winter, the level of natural gas in storage before the start of the 
upcoming winter is not a surprise for us. The current gas storage overhang combined with the effect of some customer 
budgets that are running low and have not yet been replenished have resulted in some recent moderation of demand in 
certain markets. 

Our operating strategy has been and remains based upon the conviction that the trend to a substantial increase in natural 
gas wells drilled in North America is a long-term trend, albeit subject to some weather and other volatility. We believe 
that our quality service approach and upgraded rig fleet, along with our strong balance sheet, position our company to 
take full advantage of the next upward wave in the natural gas market. 

Lastly, the company also declared a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock of $0.08 per share to be paid to the 
shareholders of record as of December 14, 2006 and will be paid on December 29, 2006. 

At this point we would like to open the call for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 


All right. Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Jim Wicklund, Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Hi, Jim. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: Cloyce, in undertaking the review of greater efficiency for CapEx, can you tell us just kind of 
what that consideration is, what that kind of means? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Jim, it's John. I'll answer that one. You know, we started the year thinking that we would spend 
about 500 million, actually, I think it was about 480 million on CapEx. We find ourselves here in the fourth quarter 
with plans to spend closer to 600 million, and so we want to take a hard look at that and see if we can be more efficient 
because if we can get the rate... 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: Just in terms of your executing, you mean, or the type of assets you spend your CapEx on? 

<A - John Vollmer>: It would be the efficiency, can we save some money? 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: Okay. 

<A - John Vollmer>: We didn't expect to spend that extra 100 million. If we were able to squeeze some of that out of 
there, we could buy back more stock with those dollars. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: I couldn't agree more. And this is efficiency in your yards, in your operations, in your 
maintenance, and this would just be kind of what any company would do in the face of rising costs and trying to be 
more efficient, right? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I think that would be correct. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: Okay. In terms of the rigs that you have that are still idle, I am assuming that those are generally 
smaller horsepower rigs, Cloyce, or I know they'll eventually be needed, I guess, but you're building new rigs, so can 
you talk about what it will take to get the remaining idle rigs back to work? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Our plans, Jim, are in '07 to refurbish the remainder of our 750 and greater horsepower rigs that 
we have available. That's going to leave a certain – a number of very small rigs that might or might not be brought back 
into the marketplace if demand ever – if we ever need those rigs, and that's the reason we bought the 15 rigs for the last 
half of '07 to put into the marketplace. So to answer your question, the biggest demand for rigs is still the intermediate 
depth rigs, and that's between the 800 and 1,500 horsepower rigs. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: And the reports I get from people in the field are looking at the design of the new rigs you're 
building are fabulous. Can you tell us what differentiates those from other rigs or previous rigs of yours? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Well, we have a designed a – what we call a walking rig, but it's a self-moving rig, and it's – 
reports that we're getting back are probably very similar to what you're hearing. It's working very, very effectively, and 
we have got a lot of inquiries from different customers about that type of rig for pad drilling, and we have plans to build 
several of those through the remainder of this year and into next year. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: Okay, gentlemen, thank you very much. 

Operator 

All right, thank you. Ian MacPherson with Simmons & Company. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Ian MacPherson>: Yes, good morning. I guess my first question would be when you look at adding efficiencies 
to your CapEx program, another consideration would presumably be looking at more new builds as opposed to 
reactivations, and what are your thoughts on how many more new builds might you add to your order book and what 


your timeframe considerations would be in terms of when you would want to place orders to lock in pricing and what 
deliveries would look like? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Well, we have got our plans made for '07, and it would depends on what our customer demand 
is when we place another order for additional rigs. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yes. I am not sure the conclusion you're drawing is correct. The industry – there has been a 
tendency for us to – us and other people like us to spend more money bringing stuff out than we initially think, and we 
want to take a look at that and see if we can do it more efficiently. I don't think there is a comparison of new versus 
refurbished rigs. The refurbished rigs have generated dramatically better returns than do new builds. I mean Jim 
Wicklund pointed out he's hearing fabulous things about this rig; it's a virtually new rig. It – the ones that are out there 
can drill 28 wells on one location. That's a refurbished rig by the terms that you are using done for dramatically less 
money than new build. So, I think for us it's just a matter of deciding how to spend the shareholders' money in order to 
maximize returns and try to do that efficiently, so, again, we maximize returns. 

<Q - Ian MacPherson>: Okay, thanks, John. Just as a follow-up to that, I guess the other side of the equation would 
be, have you seen any meaningful rig attrition in your fleet this year, and do you have any view towards expected 
attrition next year that might factor into your reactivation program? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Well, we've not seen a meaningful attrition. Certainly, as I have said in the opening remarks, 
we've seen some moderation in some markets, but what we're hearing from our customers is they're almost without fail 
that they're going to be working more rigs in '07 than they were in '06. Some of the budgets are running short towards 
the end of the year, and they are going to have to get their budget money re-appropriated, but I haven't heard any – I 
don't think any of our customers say that they are going cut back on the number of rigs next year. 

<Q - Ian MacPherson>: Okay, and you haven't had any rigs come out of your marketed fleet this year, was really my 
question. 

<A - John Vollmer>: There has been no attrition. We maintain the rigs to keep them running. You are rebuilding them 
over time. One, in fact, observation I make is we didn't have a large increase in our rig count from the second to the 
third quarter, even though we're bringing out additional rigs. And that is caused by having three to five more rigs down 
at any given point in time, for us to take those rigs out of service, make sure that they continue to be in good working 
order to be responsive to the customers, and in fact, that – that's a part of the increase in expenses per day from the 
second to third quarter, because you can't let those people go home. So, I – we believe that we're maintaining our rig 
fleet and avoiding attrition by maintaining them at the appropriate time. 

<Q - Ian MacPherson>: Okay. Thanks, John. 

Operator 

All right, thank you. Marshall Adkins, Raymond James, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Hi, Cloyce, a quick question on the – what I'm hearing from investors on your rig quality is a 
concern that if there is a slowdown, the perception is there's – you have lower-quality rigs, and yours is going to be the 
first to come offline. A couple of questions on it. First, just I want your general thoughts on that concept and that 
perception. Secondly, how – what percent of your fleet is booked under long-term contracts right now? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: I think that our numbers, we have 83 rigs working under term contracts right now, and your 
perception is right. I have heard that perception now for ten years, and we usually market about as much many rigs as 
anyone else, unless we make the decision to quit marketing rigs because of pricing, and I would anticipate that our rig 
count wouldn't drop any quicker than anyone else. I think people lose sight of the fact that we put 60 rigs into the 
marketplace in the last two years that are like brand new rigs with the quality of the refurbs that we have done to them, 
and a lot of people lose sight of that. These rigs are as good as any rig that you can put out there in the marketplace. 
First off, we wouldn't spend all that money if they hadn't a been that way. But I think that is a misperception in the 


marketplace. It always has been; we just have to live with it. It's just the nature of our company. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: You think there's – if there is a slowdown activity, a broader spread between margins for 
your rigs and a new built fleet like H&P? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: We saw it; we have always seen that. They will always be a little bit higher on the day rates, but 
basically when there's – if there is a real slowdown, we all come down and work at the same price. I mean, that's just – 
did that in 2002, and it did it in '98. And it's always done that. We all – a 1,500 or a 2,000 horsepower rig is going to 
work – is the same as a 1,000 horsepower rig – just almost the same price if you have a real slowdown. It's always been 
that way. I don't see it being any different if we have that type of slowdown again. I have got to tell you I don't 
anticipate that kind of slowdown. If we were to have that kind of slowdown, you are going to see an absolute wreck in 
the gas markets with the type of stuff that we're drilling in the gas markets today. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: All right. That makes sense. John, one follow-up here, tell us about Canada. Obviously, there 
is some slowdown on the lower-end rigs. How is that affecting you, and what should we look for in the fourth quarter 
on your Canadian operations? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Most of the rigs we have in Canada, there are three that fall in the, not real shallow, but 
shallower markets, and the other now 16 up there fall in what we call mid-depth, and I think it's actually relatively deep 
in Canada. You know, we expect that in the first quarter, our operating people up there tell us that we'll be working all 
our rigs. The fourth quarter is always a little bit tricky, because it is pretty weather dependent. Everything has contracts 
coming up, but it's really a matter of when things freeze up and really get going up in Canada. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: So basically ramping up to where all your rigs are probably working in the first quarter? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yes, and... 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: From the 11. 

<A - John Vollmer>: In the first quarter, we will have 20 in Canada. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Okay, excellent. Guys, thanks for the help. 

Operator 

All right, thank you. Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Good morning, gentlemen. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Guys, in this up-cycle, you know the strategy of Patterson has been to generally keep a high 
level spot exposure to maximize margins and to refurbish about 30 rigs per year. How does that strategy change if the 
rig count stabilizes or goes down? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I think the strategy doesn't change. I think the strategy has really been as follows, that initially 
we liked to spot rate, we still like to spot rate. But then we found that many of our customers wanted to go to 
longer-term contracts to have greater certainty of their costs looking forward, and like other drillers, we responded to 
that by being willing to work at long-term rates in addition to the spot rate, and I think that is still true today. We're 
trying to serve customers and trying to meet their needs and at the same time maximize returns for our shareholders. If 
there were a declining market, that's the time when – I don't know, but I wouldn't expect our customers to be seeking 
term contracts, so I would think you would see term contracts in the industry as a percentage decline. If the market, the 
next wave of increased drilling occurs, I would guess that customers will look for more long-term contracts, and we 
would be willing to work both on the spot and the long-term contract, right. 


<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay. Thanks for that. Cloyce, in August, you ordered $100 million in components, I believe, 
from NOV for 15 new builds? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: That's correct. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: On a completed basis, what do you estimate for those 1,500 horsepower rigs, the all-in cost, 
including pipe and collars, will be? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: 11 million dollars, I believe. 

<A - John Vollmer>: With pipe and collars, I believe it's 12 million. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Okay, $12 million with pipe and collars. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay. And as you think about 2007, you obviously have those 15 new builds. Have you made a 
decision today on how many refurbs you plan next year, excluding those 15 new rigs? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: We have 15 planned in the first half of next year. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay. That's all I – actually, one quick question. John, can you give us – you have been pretty 
good in terms of providing good guidance on margins. What is your crystal ball tell you for Q4 on margins? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yeah. Q4 is kind of a tricky one. There's a lot of factors out there. Our rates right now, as we 
look at them weekly, are higher than they were in the third quarter. On the other hand, as Cloyce mentioned in his 
comments at the opening of the call and also in some of the question answers, that we do have customers out there that 
are waiting for their budgets to be replenished. So we're seeing in the market right now is some rigs going well to well, 
a little more dollars and some seeing a little less. Overall, at this point, it appears I guess what I'd call relatively stable. 
So if there is no deterioration from here, you'd expect the revenue to go up a little bit for the quarter. It really just 
depends when these people get back active and head down their 2007 plans. On the cost side, we continue to be 
working on a few more rigs than we did a year ago, which has held back the rig count a bit. On the rig count side, my 
guess is it's relatively stable through the fourth quarter from what we saw in the third quarter, somewhere around 300 
rigs. The opportunity for things, I think, to move upward, both on the rig count and on the margin side, would be in the 
first quarter. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay. So would it be fair to say maybe a slight uptick in margin sequentially? 

<A - John Vollmer>: It could be. I guess – my guess is it's some – it's going to be in some way similar to the third 
quarter, whether that could be up a couple of hundred dollars or down a couple of hundred dollars is a little unclear to 
me. The rates aren't moving up a lot right now. Yeah, we do face increasing costs in the Drilling business right now. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay, most helpful. Thanks. 

Operator 

All right. Thank you. Next, we have Kurt Hallead with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Hi, Kurt. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Hi. So – Marshall kind of hit on the question, a lot of people are saying that your rigs are going 
to get displaced by some of these new rigs that come in. I am aware of a certain situation on a Canadian contractor that 
has seven rigs coming into the Barnett Shale, new rigs next spring, that is going to replace, obviously, seven rigs that 
are currently working for an operator. What is your exposure in the Barnett Shale right now? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: We have about 40 rigs working in that area. So I guess we have some risk, but I anticipate the 
rig count going up in the Barnett Shale. 


<Q - Kurt Hallead>: I know this topic of conversation, it comes up every single cycle, and I think based on your 
corporate performance, it shows that it basically is untrue that there is much of a differential between the different 
classification rigs and different cycles, and so far to-date and I guess over the course of the last few months, you guys 
can unequivocally say that none of your rigs have been displaced in any situation? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Well, you know we have had some rigs released, but we have put them to work some place 
else. But I don't know of a case, Kurt, where somebody brought a rig in that was a superior rig and replaced our rig. We 
have had some rigs maybe replaced because of pricing in some areas where somebody has chose to cut their price low 
enough to get the job, but we moved the rigs, in some instances, we've moved the rigs at a higher price than where we 
left. So you never know all the details of why people do what they do, but we have, I guess I would anticipate that 
maybe if we had a real shallow rig working in the market, and we have been working there for years and a deeper type 
of rig came into that market, and they needed a bigger rig than the smaller rig, we might be replaced, and that's a very, 
very limited type of deal though. I mean, I don't anticipate a fleet of rigs coming in and replacing a fleet of Patterson 
rigs, you know. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: All right. The other question that I have, John. You mentioned that – stuff that you're seeing from 
the field. Your customers are basically waiting on budget approvals or replenishment of budgets, so you're hearing 
more about that than you are hearing about drilling economics? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I think that's right. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: I certainly think that's right, Kurt. We have had several, as I mentioned earlier, I don't know of a 
customer that I've talked to or heard ourselves and tell me that next year we're going to work less rigs than we worked 
in '06. I am sure there will be some out there. We just haven't heard that. But most of the customers we've talked to are 
going to have more rigs working in '07 than they did in '06, and we have had some rigs that they've dropped off, and we 
put to work for somebody else, but we're going to want these rigs back at the end of the year or the first of the year 
once we get our budgets replenished. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Okay. And John, one last question. What do you think it's going to take for you guys to recapture 
some pricing power? I mean, I don't mean recapture, you have some pricing power, but have the pricing power 
accelerate? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I think the decisions made on budgets by our customers over the next number of weeks is going 
to have an impact on that clearly. Because if as Cloyce has indicated, these customers want to increase the rigs that 
they're working next year versus what they ran this year, I believe that's going to generate a pricing power. I mean, as 
you know, to maintain the gas supply as we have over the last nine, ten years, we have had to drill more and more wells 
every year. So the fact that we're bringing out additional rigs and others are, that's what is going to be necessary, we 
believe, to maintain that gas supply. So I think it's as we look into the first quarter and gas storage hopefully works 
itself out, we could see an opportunity to see increased pricing. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Hey, guys, great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ben Dell with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Hi, guys, my first question is just on the dynamic, you talked about E&P's keeping their budgets 
maybe flat going into next year. Obviously, you have got about a 20% plus expansion in the fleet. How do you see that 
growth in the fleet versus essentially flat demand or expenditure from the E&P's playing out in terms of day rates? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: I guess I heard a lot of the budgets are going to be increased next year. Maybe I heard 
incorrectly, but it's my understanding – if they're going to work more rigs next year, I would think the case would be 
that they would spend more money. 


<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Okay. And on a specific question, up in Canada, how much exposure, or do you have any 
exposure to CNQ and to the trust? Obviously, CNQ cut their CapEx 23% today, and the trust have had this new ruling 
on the tax dividends today? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: CNQ, I... 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yeah, that's one of the customers up there. Our people tell us it would – through the first quarter 
if – during the winter drilling, we'll be running all of our rigs. 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Okay, great. And just on a margins basis, obviously on a percentage term, they compress this 
quarter. Do you expect them to start expanding again into the fourth quarter and into next year, or is that compression 
at least on percentage terms, something we should expect going forward? 

<A - John Vollmer>: The compression you're referring to is the margin increase? Is that correct? 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Yeah, your margins on a percentage basis. 

<A - John Vollmer>: I guess, I think I covered that, but I will go back through it. Really in the third quarter, it did 
affect – compression that you're seeing is, again, it's a combination of increased oil service costs, but a big part of it is 
that we had more rigs that we took out of service to work them, maintain them, et cetera, have them in the best shape 
they can be. If you've been running lots of rigs over a long period of time, you're going to have to do that some of the 
time, and you can't send the people home, so you're going to have expenditures for payroll and other costs without an 
offsetting revenue. That's part of the compression of the margins in that quarter. Plus there was a wage increase in U.S. 
land drilling that occurred, for us it was roughly mid-June, so most of the impact of that was in the quarter where 
you've got a, say $600 increase in wages and at the same time a $600 offsetting increase in revenue. For the margin to 
expand, we need real pricing to move more than it has over the last couple of months, and as we indicated, we think the 
opportunity for that would be when you get into '07 after budgets are replenished. 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Okay, and just one last question if I could. On the M&A front, you talked about buying back 
your stock as a way of basically increasing your rigs per share. Obviously, another way of doing it quickly is buying 
other companies and other smaller cap land names that traded off, and you've got a good cash balance. If the market 
looks so good going out over the next two or three years, doesn't it make sense to leverage out the balance sheet and 
take on debt to go and acquire some other small cap land plays? 

<A - John Vollmer>: The other public companies haven't made a lot of sense to us for really more than a year. The 
way we look at it is when we buy our stock back, that's no different than buying another public company or, frankly, 
buying a private company. We're buying rigs because that's mostly what we consist of, and we trade at a multiple that is 
well below any other public company I'm aware of. Therefore, I can buy my own stock back without paying any kind 
of premium by being in the market on a regular basis, not impacting the stock price, and in effect, our shareholders then 
own more rigs per share that they have. We have $60 million remaining at this point on our authorized buyback, and I 
personally think a great use of that is to buy back our stocks, and I think our prospects are very good. Once that 
buyback is completed, I guess we'll re-evaluate what we should do next, but at least in the math that I have done, 
buying the other public company has not made any sense to me at all. 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

All right, thank you. Geoff Kieburtz with Citigroup, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Thanks, good morning. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Hey, Geoff. 


<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: I'd just like to kind of explore a little bit more, I know, John, you have made a few comments 
here, but just in terms of some of the things in the quarter that were different than you were thinking three months ago. 
First, on the CapEx, what's been the biggest factor here in changing your outlook for how much you're going to have to 
spend to get what I think is the same program completed this year? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yes, I mean it's costs of components, costs of labor. I mean, I think welders are twice what they 
were a year ago. Those are a lot of aspects of it, and the questions that we're trying to address, and maybe we can't 
impact it at all. The questions we're trying to address are – are there small ways that we can do things better to be a bit 
more efficient to get the same work done. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: I guess what I was focusing more on what's happened in the last three months. It sort of seems 
as if that CapEx expectation has come up from 500 to 600 in the past three months. Am I misunderstanding that? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I think there is, I guess, probably two parts to that. One, a portion of it is are we fully efficient? 
Maybe we were just – maybe we should have anticipated the increase, and we didn't. I don't know; we didn't evaluate 
that. You've got another aspect of it that I think that more of the dollars related to our '07 activity is also going to hit the 
fourth quarter than we had anticipated. They're working hard over the year starting from the beginning of the year. 
They have been working hard on 45 or so rigs, and you also have some '07 expenditures in there that would have been 
in the '07 budget anyway is another aspect of it. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay, so there is to some degree, an expansion of the scope of the work you're going to 
complete with this higher level of CapEx? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yes. It will hit this year instead of next year. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Right, okay, and then kind of similar question on the cost. When we talked three months ago, 
you kind of – well, both costs and revenue per rig day here, you sort of forecasted $800 a day increase in the revenue 
per rig. You got a little over a thousand, but on the other hand, you forecasted about a $500 increase in the cost per rig, 
and it came in at 855. I think you have addressed the cost issue, although presumably you knew about the wage 
increase at the time that we spoke three months ago. So is it – is the Delta versus your thoughts three months ago 
primarily more rigs in for maintenance? 

<A - John Vollmer>: More rigs which? 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: In the shop for maintenance? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yes, I think at the time we also guessed a rig count around 305, and it was 301. Particularly 
starting in, really shortly after the last conference call in the first week in August, so to speak, we had more rigs out of 
service. I mean, we received daily reports indicating who is drilling, who is being repaired, who is in the shop, and so 
on and so forth, and that number was running four to six rigs more than what it had been, and we did not anticipate that 
and looked into it and understand that was all appropriate work that needed to be done. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay. And on the revenue per rig, was it just mix or was there – was the market stronger than 
you expected from a revenue perspective? 

<A - John Vollmer>: You know, our estimate of revenue is always obviously a range. We know what we know about 
a month after the end of the quarter. A couple of hundred dollars difference, I didn't view it as significant. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Fair enough. That's what I thought, but I wanted to ask it. In terms of the dynamics here, you 
have brought 23 refurbs into the fleet since the beginning of the year. Your active U.S. rig count though is basically the 
same as it was in the first quarter – or I'm sorry, it's up 8. What are those refurb rigs doing? Are they going out in order 
to bring in rigs that have been working into the shop, or are they waiting to be contracted? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I think you have a couple of different things going on. One is I think if you look at the timing of 
the rigs, even though we have gotten 23 out, that at the time of the last call, I think the number was 16, and that was in 
the first week of August. So they have – it's weighted them throughout the year, and they have been fairly back ended 


even though we got to 23. The same thing is going to happen to the fourth quarter that I don't expect to get rig count 
benefit in the fourth quarter from this next group of seven rigs that will come out. I think when you will see them 
impact our rig count is actually in the first quarter. It's just really been the nature of timing; they are hitting very late in 
quarters instead of early in quarters. 

The other thing I think you're see going on there is this increased work we're doing starting primarily in August to make 
sure that everything is in good working order so that, with the next wave in increase, that those rigs are ready to work 
and be efficient and generate revenue for us. So really as we look, even with the refurbs, when we look to the fourth 
quarter, I would expect our average rig count actually to be very similar in the fourth quarter to what it was in the third 
quarter, and then where you see the real leg up is I think first quarter of '07. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay, and as we look into '07, 15 refurbs – I think, Cloyce, you said that you would intend to 
put any refurb, any rig in your fleet that is over 750 horsepower. Do I do the math and conclude that you have got 
80-plus rigs that are sub-750 horsepower in the fleet? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I think you're currently – I believe we have – I believe, currently marketed, we have 330 or 31 

[331] rigs. 
<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Don't translate that to we run at 90% utilization, even though that's what we're running right 
now. You have a couple of things going on there. One, we're in a timeframe when the Canadian rigs don't run at full 
utilization. So when you get to winter, you in fact expect those to come back into the rig count. On an ongoing basis, 
and this is a gut number on my part based on having to watch the stuff day-to-day for years, we're going to have 
somewhere – five or so rigs at any point in time that are going to be stopped having some form of work done on them. 
When you're running over 300 rigs, that's not a very big percentage. What we have had more recently is a situation 
where we have had more rigs that we have taken out of service. They just – they needed some work done, we wanted to 
do that, and it felt like it was the right thing to do to keep the rig both efficient and safe. What we have been able to do 
for – during 2005 and early 2006 – is we could actually run at 95 to 97% utilization of our marketed fleet. It's been in 
the last few months that we have been closer to 91 or 92%. I would expect that we will move back toward the 95% if 
the market demand is there in 2007. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay, great. And that's a lead-in to my last question, which is just, Cloyce, you're – or I guess 
you didn't – you're not quoted, it was Mark [Mark Siegel, Chairman]. Just in terms of seeing some recent moderation of 
demand in certain markets, could you elaborate a little bit on what those markets are, and does recent moderation of 
demand mean that the rates are falling in those markets or the queue for waiting for rigs has just shrunken? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: I think it has more to do with the perception of gas prices being low, and when those gas prices 
dropped down to $4 last month, there was some moderation in a couple of markets, primarily Oklahoma and West 
Texas, which is where – it typically happens in those markets. I think that pretty much the gas prices bounced back real 
quickly last month, and I guess – yeah, October – from earlier in the month it was $4, and it got back closer to 8, and I 
think perception changed a lot in those areas, and that's what we meant by the statement that we made. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay. Did rates actually drop? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Actually, it was more as rigs dropped in a couple of places, and we replaced them in other areas 
or in other markets in that area with not necessarily so much drop in rates as it was that you just – customers just 
dropped. And we had some people that took some rigs that – someone elected to give them a rate drop in that area, but 
when we actually moved the rig to another customer at basically the same rate we were working for the other customer. 
So I haven't seen a significant drop in rates anywhere yet. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 


All right, thank you. Kevin Wenck with Polynous Capital, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Good morning, John and Cloyce. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Good morning. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: One more cut on the CapEx increase – what was CapEx in Q3, John? 

<A - John Vollmer>: 167 million, I believe, off the top of my head. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Okay. Of the, let's say, 480 to 600 increase, is that all in drill rigs, or has some of it gone into 
Pressure Pumping and Drilling Fluids and...? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Drilling Fluids, not Pressure Pumping yet. Within this – we haven't gone through it in great 
detail with you, but there is a variety of situations. For instance, in the case of the Pressure Pumping, they had an 
opportunity to get some of their '07 equipment early. It's going to come in in the fourth quarter of this year, and it's stuff 
that really relates to their expansion plans for '07, and that is around $5 million. We have another situation, just giving 
you a sense of how all this occurred where we also had some difficulty getting some rig-moving trucks that were 
planned for the second quarter. We then found an opportunity to both replace those that were lost and, in fact, get some 
of what we would have intended to get in '07. That is another $7 million in the budget. So it's not all about drilling rigs, 
and those items aren't inefficiencies. Those are, if you believe what we believe about the market, those are 
opportunities. The number that I think relates – the portion we're looking at in terms of efficiency is really more in the 
neighborhood of 30 or $40 million off the top of my head. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Well, if you had to come up with a list of three surprises or the three biggest surprises of how, in 
the second half, CapEx has gone from, let's say, 225 to 345 to get to the 600 number, what would those three things be? 
And how would you quantify how much those three things contributed to, let's say, $120 million increase? 

<A - John Vollmer>: It's interesting – I don't think in terms of surprise on cost of things that I have three such items. I 
think that when the industry is working as hard as it's been to bring equipment out that produces some level of 
inefficiency, and we want to understand whether that level of inefficiency is something we can control. I think what 
we're seeing is no different, quite frankly, than any other driller. I have listened to calls of others, and they have 
experienced the same thing. We're just simply trying to see is there a way that we can be more efficient and further 
maximize shareholder returns. We're trying to do our best we can to manage your money. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: What would a preliminary CapEx budget for '07 look like at this point? 

<A - John Vollmer>: We have not done one. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Okay. Well, with the increase I was concerned that Jody was back on the payroll. 

<A - John Vollmer>: No, in fact, he's been sentenced to 25 years in federal prison. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Sorry for the bad joke about that. But in terms of gas moving from 480 [$4.80] to 7 bucks, I 
mean, Cloyce said that it's somewhat stronger activity right now, but you still see comments from analysts here and 
there that prices have dropped 10 to 20%. There is now daily phone calls from drilling contractors trying to get rigs 
placed. Are these apocryphal sort of one-off stories, or what are your thoughts on overall comments like that? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: I think that's more – in our company, it's more one-off stories than it is a major lay down of 
rigs. You have a – we have two things that happened to us or maybe three things, but one is we have been told by 
several different companies that we have got to release this rig right now because we are out of budget, but we are 
certainly probably going to pick it back up end of the year, or first of next year, and then you talk to them, the 
companies, and I'm not going to give you specific names, but the bottom line is they say "we're going to work more rigs 
in '07 than we have been working in '06," they're just out of budget. The other thing is some people tend to drop prices 
real fast if they stack a rig, and we keep our market share. But it's such a small percentage of what we're doing right 
now. We haven't seen a massive turndown. If you want to go back to 2001, 2002, we went from 250 rigs down to 95 
rigs. I mean, that's a drop. And that was in a 90-day period. We're not seeing that type of thing right now. I think it's 


more year-end and more perception that gas prices are cheap. I am still the one that believes that 55, $60 oil is a pretty 
good price and $7 gas is not all bad. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Well, most of the companies you sell to have 30 to 40% operating margins at current prices and 
gush out cash, so maybe things will be more stable than people think. But one more general question, if it's currently – 
or with the CapEx increase for the second half, if it's costing you, let's say, 25% more to refurb a rig or to possibly do a 
rebuild, how might that affect your projected ROI over time and possibly decrease the number of refurbs that you 
would consider doing, or new builds that you would consider doing? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I don't think that these cost differences would have any impact on that. We have – for the CapEx 
that we have spent over the last couple of years, our paybacks, based on the margins ultimately achieved, have been 
under 15 months. I mean the great situation we have is that we put, depends which year, but we put rigs out for 3 
million and we put them out for 4 million, and the current ones are probably between 5 and 6 million, which is well 
below the cost of putting out a new rig. The economics, as we have announced, where we bought – composed – put 
together 15 brand new rigs versus – just like brand new refurbished rigs, and as that will cost more, closer to $12 
million. And the returns there still are quite good so long as margins continue to be at – frankly, even at the low current 
levels, the returns are quite good. So I don't think it will impact our refurbishment plans. We're trying to meet the need 
of our customers. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Okay. All right, thanks for your help. 

Operator 

All right, thank you. Mike Drickamer with Morgan Keegan, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Michael Drickamer>: Hey, good morning guys. John, during the third quarter your tax rate came in a little bit 
lower than I expected. I apologize if I missed this during your prepared remarks, what do you expect it to be here in the 
fourth quarter? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Decline in tax rates in the third quarter was really driven by a true-up to 2005 return. So that – 
it's a period item whenever you true-up the return and find that your – the effective tax rate that you use wasn't – it was 
higher/lower, it runs through the current quarter. So we're getting a benefit there that I would not expect to repeat itself 
in the fourth quarter. I would guess that the tax rate for the fourth quarter would be somewhere around 36%, which is 
still lower than what we saw in the first two quarters, but higher than the roughly 34.2% in the third. 

<Q - Michael Drickamer>: Okay, and then, John, you added some debt during the quarter. What kind of interest rates 
are you seeing on this debt? 

<A - John Vollmer>: It's so short-term for us that we're staying in prime, which makes it actually a higher rate than it 
probably would otherwise be if we went to LIBOR. But it's around 8% because we have – it's prime plus five-eighths to 
one, depending what they are actually – no, I'm sorry, it's at prime. And it's been so short-term for us, we were at the 
$60 million, roughly, debt level at the end of the quarter. We continued to buy another $23 million of stock in the first 
five business days after the end of the quarter, at which point we were cut off from buying stock. The debt climbed to 
95 million in paying – in settling all of those shares, and has since reduced to 30, 40 million, and we built cash to net 
zero debt position. So I – we will be fully out of debt, I would expect, in the next week or two, subject to any more 
stock buyback, and if we do spend the other 60 million, I would expect to pay that back quickly. So, I think we will see. 
If we continue to be a buyer of stock, we will have some interest expense over time. But at the levels we have been 
buying at, given our cash flow, we don't expect to have a lot of debt on the balance sheet. 

<Q - Michael Drickamer>: Okay. And then, John, one more thing. During the quarter here, our daily revenues 
increased by a little over a $1,000. Can you give us some color – how much of that increase was driven by higher day 
rates, and what was the actual day rate increase, versus how much of that was driven by cost recoveries for higher 
operating costs? 


<A - John Vollmer>: I think the cost recovery component would be about $500 a day and the rest would be driven by 
day rate increases. 

<Q - Michael Drickamer>: Great, perfect. That's what I'm looking for. Thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

All right, thank you. Waqar Syed with Petrie Parkman, please go ahead. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: John, off your $600 million dollar capital budget for '06, how much is dedicated to the Drilling 
division? 

<A - John Vollmer>: We'll ignore the 500 million. I don't have the sheet in front of me right now. Someone's trying to 
grab that for me right now, but I will bring up something else and make sure we get it before people go off the call. One 
thing no one has asked about is the secondary businesses, and I realize everyone is very interested in the Drilling 
business. But the Pressure Pumping and Drilling Completion Fluids business have had great years, but I would like to 
remind people that there is some seasonal aspects of those businesses that you want to make sure that you take into 
account looking at our fourth quarter. Our Pressure Pumping business, in the fourth quarter most years, the revenue will 
pull back some from third to fourth. It's really driven by the fact that they work in the daylight hours, unlike our 
Drilling business. Days are shorter. You have a lot of holidays they can't work, and we work in Appalachia where you 
actually shut down from the Wednesday before Thanksgiving until through the Monday after. So people, I think, 
should take into account in their thinking that third to fourth quarter revenue, even though demand is great in that 
business, would likely be lower than it was in the third quarter. And in the Fluids business, we would guess that they 
would still have a great quarter, but in the fourth quarter hurricane season, there has been a little less activity in the Gulf 
and instead of 46 million in revenue in the third quarter that it'd likely be somewhere closer to 40 million in the fourth 
quarter. One other item that has not come up that I think I probably ought to mention, given the stock buyback that has 
occurred to-date, we would expect our weighted average shares in the fourth quarter to be somewhere in the 160 to161 
million shares range. In terms of the question related to how much is drilling versus not, I think about 60 to 65 million 
is businesses other than Drilling, including the E&P business being 20 to 25 million of that. Pressure Pumping we're 
spending 35 to 40 million, and all of those are very small. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Okay, so of the 540 million, let's say for Drilling, how much of that would be sustaining, how 
much refurbishment, and how much new construction? 

<A - John Vollmer>: For the numbers for '05, you haven't seen any actual new construction. Those components don't 
get delivered until '07. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Okay. 

<A - John Vollmer>: It's all refurbishments. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: So between – so it's all 540 is refurbishment, nothing for – is it a sustaining budget as well for just 
keeping your rigs running? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yeah, well, it would have refurbishment in it. It would have tubulars, which at this point, we 
spend a little over $100 million a year on drill pipe and collars. We have a rig-moving fleet and all the various fuel 
pusher trucks, et cetera. We're going to spend $15 million a year on, 15 to 20 on trucks alone. We have also with our 
expanding footprint in the Rockies, in particular, have been acquiring land and buildings to support our rigs, and this 
year in that area, we're going to spend between 10 and $15 million. Frankly, land is very expensive in the Rockies. I 
mean, where you'd spend a couple hundred thousand in East Texas, you can spend 2, 3 million in the Rocky Mountains 
for the same land. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Just to -for a working rig, how much do you just – you have to spend in CapEx on an annual 
basis? 


<A - John Vollmer>: You know, it varies. First quarter this year, we were extremely low. I would say in the 5 to $600 
a day, a drilling day range. Third quarter, we talked about more rigs out of service that we were stopping to do some 
work on, and that what I'll call maintenance capital ran about a $1,000 a day without tubulars, and that is the way the 
nature of those costs come. You know in some quarters it's higher, some quarters it's lower. A good average, I would 
guess 800 to $1,000 a day. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: And then the number, the share outstanding number that you gave for the fourth quarter, 160 to 
161, is that basic number or diluted? 

<A - John Vollmer>: That's intended to be weighted average diluted shares. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Diluted shares. Okay, great. 

<A - John Vollmer>: It's obviously an estimate. You can't know the impact of diluted securities until you know your 
stock price, so... 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: That's right. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Somewhere around 161 million or a little less. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

All right, thank you, sir. Bill Sanchez with Howard, Weil, please go ahead. 

<Q - William Sanchez>: Good morning. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Good morning. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Good morning, Bill. 

<Q - William Sanchez>: John, I was curious when you guys initially announced the plans to buy the 15 new or build 
the new 15 land rigs with delivery in mid-2007, is there any risk to slippage on the delivery dates of those new rigs, 
given now that you guys are taking more existing rigs out of service than perhaps you had planned at that point, or – 
and it sounds like that's going to continue here, causing rig count not to go up in the U.S., or is that being done in 
different facilities here? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I don't think there is risk of slippage. I think, let me restate what I think is going on with the rig 
count. I think that in the third quarter I know that. That was an appropriate time, which is a little bit hard to predict, that 
we needed to take some rigs off the market for whether it be a week or 60 days to stop and do some work. In the fourth 
quarter, I think that that continues and you have a little bit of additional two factors. One of which is that the remaining 
deliveries are late in the quarter in terms of putting out the refurbs. The other one is that you are going to have some 
rigs that are looking for spots between wells where customers are waiting for the budget to replenish itself, and then the 
last component is Canadian rig count wasn't that strong in the third quarter. Fourth quarter, whether that will be a lot 
better or not is really driven by when the winter weather starts. So you put all that together and you get kind of an 
August through December where you don't get a lot of movement in your average rig count. But we believe that would 
be higher come January. 

<Q - William Sanchez>: I just didn't know given the rigs that you're seeming to have to do work on that were already 
part of the running fleet here, does that backlog of work now ultimately put at risk getting the new builds out in that 
mid-2007 delivery date, at least the start of the delivery at that time? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I don't believe so. I mean, it could happen. Clearly I know some other drillers who have had 
problems getting stuff out on time. Our refurbishments are really virtually like building a new rig. It's not like there is 
un-rebuilt used components on it. We have been able to hit, we had 28 last year, and it looks like we'll hit 30 this year. 


So far, we have been able to stay on track. If lots of rigs, more rigs than we have seen to date have to come out of 
service to have work done on them, that could affect our average rig count, but I believe that we're still on schedule for 
what we have talked about for '07. 

<Q - William Sanchez>: Okay, last question. 83 rigs on a term contract, and you guys have talked in the past, one of 
the big reasons driving term contract committals is because it is something that your customers had asked for. Talk to 
us about as those contracts expire what the plans are to kind of renew on terms, or do we just see in this market those 
rigs coming into the spot market? Maybe, John, could you just talk about the average rates associated with those term 
contracts versus maybe the third quarter average we saw or maybe relative to the spot average? Thanks. 

<A - John Vollmer>: I don't have the numbers to give out – here with me to give you those averages. I think in terms 
of the rigs we are doing on long-term contracts, it's totally a matter of what our customers want to do and whether 
they're willing to pay prices that make sense for us to enter into a long-term contract. We – our experience has been to 
enter into a two or three-year agreement that we expect the rate to be higher than the current spot rate for that to make 
sense for us. Whether customers want to do that right now or not is unclear to me. But, again, we'll continue to look at 
what our customers needs are and how they wish to contract the rigs and try to contract them at rates that make good 
sense for our shareholders. 

<Q - William Sanchez>: The 15 new builds currently do not have term contracts, correct? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: That's correct. 

<A - John Vollmer>: That's correct. 

<Q - William Sanchez>: Okay. Thank you all. 

Operator 

All right, thank you. Pierre Conner with Capital One Southcoast, please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Pierre Conner>: Good morning, John and Cloyce. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Good morning. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Pierre Conner>: John, I wanted to pursue a little bit more about these rigs that are available to come in and the 
needed work that's done on them, and this sort of maintenance work, I am assuming, because they have been running 
pretty much flat out. So just to characterize, this work is required, nothing that is being upgraded here. I mean, these 
aren't things where you're taking an opportunity to install a top drive or something of that nature. Is that right? 

<A - John Vollmer>: That actually I think varies. 

<Q - Pierre Conner>: Okay. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Sometimes they're coming in to have specific work done. But when – if you take a rig out of 
service for more than – practical matter is every day, all the drilling companies have some number of rigs that are not 
drilling that are having some type of work done on them. The smaller items, the ones that we're talking about is where 

– that's brought the average running down a little bit in the quarter are ones that needed something more significant for 
the most part that took them out of service. I think I referred to a week earlier, and that was probably not accurate; it's 
more like a month or more, and in that process, I'm going to turn it over to Cloyce, but they do a variety of things that – 
whatever makes sense for that rig at the time. 
<A - Cloyce Talbott>: In most cases when we bring a rig in for a refurb, what we call a running refurb, when it goes 
back to the field, it's a much higher quality rig than it was when it came to the yard. It might be a smaller rig, but it will 
be higher quality. 


<Q - Pierre Conner>: Okay. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: And if it's – we might include a top drive or we might not include a top drive. We might put an 
EDS system on it or we might not. It depends on the size and the quality of the rig when it starts. But generally 
speaking, if we bring a rig in and shut it down for several weeks or months to refurb it, it will be a higher-quality rig 
when it goes out. 

<Q - Pierre Conner>: Cloyce, on these running refurbs, when they get back in the field, and of course, market 
dynamics in certain areas are changing, are they able to command better margins? Are they coming back in at the same 
margins? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: In most cases, they'll come back in at probably the same margins, but it helps us because if we 
have a rig running in the field and we have to, we're down for repairs, we pay for that. So it's better for our shareholders 
to get the rigs in good shape, and our customers – it makes our customers a lot happier. Nobody is happy when a rig is 
down. 

<Q - Pierre Conner>: Okay. And then kind of related, it speaks possibly to Bill's commentary about the new builds 
that you've acquired the components for. Just on the assumption, John and Cloyce, that you don't get an increase in 
absolute levels of activity sometime in next year after the first quarter, what is your flexibility to take – or how much do 
you have in existing fleet that you could come in and do more than just a running refurb, do more of your complete 
upgrades, and defer on these new builds? The assumption is then that the best use of your cash capital here is for 
rebuilding as opposed to the new builds if that's right. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: We certainly have several rigs out there running that are – would be capable of what we have 
calling a refurbishment of a rig. And we'll certainly looking at that before we'd throw shareholders money away just to 
go put rigs out to be putting rigs out. We have never done that, as you well know. And the unique position we're in if 
the scenario were to happen, as you suggest, which we don't think that is going to happen, all of the parts that we have 
bought for these rigs that we're going to build can be interchangeable into our fleet that we have running. So let's 
assume that we don't have any more than 300 rigs running, what we have done, we've bought parts that we can use on 
the rigs that we have running, so assuming your scenario... 

<Q - Pierre Conner>: Got it. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: We can use all of that equipment somewhere in our running fleet that we have today. What it 
would do, we'd take a draw, a new draw where it's buried in the substructure and put it on something where right now 
when we're refurbing the rig, we buy buried substructure and rebuild the draw works. And it's very expensive to do 
that. 

<Q - Pierre Conner>: Right. Okay, now that's... 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: We just actually bought parts ahead of time. Then certainly that was in our plan when we did 
that. You saw that we didn't buy the complete rig. We bought parts to assemble rigs the way we want to assemble them. 

<Q - Pierre Conner>: Okay, that's what I was looking for. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

All right, thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue 
with any closing comments. 

Cloyce A. Talbott, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, we want to thank everyone for participating in this call and look forward to having another call next quarter that 
will be equal to or as good as the one we just had. Thanks a lot. 


Operator 

All right, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Patterson-UTI Energy third quarter 2006 conference 
call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference, you may do so by dialing 303-590-3000 and input the 
access code 11071822. Again, to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 303-590-3000 and input the access 
code 11071822. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using AT&T conferencing. Have a very pleasant day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


