Company Name: Patterson-UTI Energy 
Company Ticker: PTEN US 
Date: 2007-02-22 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter Patterson-UTI Energy Incorporated Earnings 
Conference Call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a 
listen-only only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator 
Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

Now on behalf of Patterson-UTI, Jeff Lloyd. Please proceed. 

Jeff Lloyd, Company Representative 

Thank you Katina. Good morning and on behalf of Patterson-UTI Energy, I'd like to welcome all of you to today's 
conference call to discuss the results of the 3 and 12 months ended December 31, 2006. Participating in this morning's 
call will be Mark Siegel, Chairman; Cloyce Talbott, Chief Executive Officer and President; and John Vollmer, Chief 
Financial Officer. 

Just a brief mention that statements made today in the conference call which state the company's or management's 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions for the future are forward-looking statements. It's important to note that 
actual results could differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. 

Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include but are not limited to declines in oil and 
natural gas prices that could adversely affect demand for the company's services and their associated effect on day 
rates, rig utilization and planned capital expenditures; excess availability of land drilling rigs; adverse industry 
conditions; difficulty in integrating acquisitions; demand for oil and natural gas; shortages of rig equipment; and ability 
to retain management and field personnel. 

Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the company's SEC filings, which may be obtained by 
contacting the company or the SEC. These filings are also available through the company's website at PatEnergy.com 
or through the SEC's Edgar system at www.sec.gov. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
forward-looking statements. 

And now I would like to turn the call over to Mark Siegel for some opening remarks, to be followed by questions and 
answers. Mark? 

Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 

Jeff, thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I hope that by now all of you have had an 
opportunity to read our earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning prior to the opening of the market. 
Before responding to your questions we would like to take a few minutes to review briefly some of the highlights from 
the year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2006. 

I'm pleased to report that Patterson-UTI Energy has completed another record year with significant improvements in 
our contract drilling, pressure pumping, and drilling and completion fluids operations. Total revenues, net income and 
net income per common share all set new records in 2006. These record results reflect the commitment and dedication 
of an extremely talented group of employees throughout our organization. 


To summarize briefly, net income for the year increased by 81% to $673 million or $4.02 per share, from $373 million 
or $2.15 per share for the year ended December 31, 2005. Revenues for the 12 month period were up by 46% to $2.5 
billion compared to $1.7 billion in 2005. Net income for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2006 increased by 16% 
to $156 million or $0.97 per share, from $134 million or $0.77 per share for the quarter ended December 31, 2005. 
Revenues for the quarter were up by 20% to $638 million compared to $531 million for the fourth quarter of 2005. 

We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet. And as of December 31, 2006 we had $335 million in working capital 
and $120 million drawn on the line of credit. As of today we have repaid the revolver and have zero dollars drawn on 
the line of credit. During the fourth quarter we also purchased $83 million of the company's stock bringing the total 
2006 purchases to $450 million. 

Our average revenues per operating day were $20,760 in the fourth quarter compared to $20,810 in the third quarter, 
and our average margins per operating day totaled $10,810 compared to $11,170 for the quarter ended September 30, 
2006. 

During the fourth quarter we had an average of 290 rigs operating, including 278 in the U.S. and 12 in Canada. This 
compares to a total of 301 rigs operating, including 290 in the U.S. and 11 in Canada in the third quarter. We activated 
28 drilling rigs during 2006, which are predominantly comprised of new equipment. 

We expect to activate 14 new and like new rigs in 2007. Almost all of these will be 1,000 horsepower and greater SCR 
electric rigs. Additionally, when demand increases, we have the capacity to activate up to 14 additional new rigs which 
are 1,500 horsepower SCR electric rigs. 

The contract drilling results for fourth quarter reflect the effects of warmer than normal temperatures during the winter 
months of calendar 2006. These warmer than usual temperatures occurred twice in the winter months of calendar 2006, 
both in the January-March period and again in the November-December period. 

At year end, these warmer than usual conditions had resulted in three points: number one, high levels of natural gas 
storage in the U.S.; number two, decreases in natural gas prices; and at year end, number three a generally bearish 
outlook for natural gas prices during the short term. 

Customers of North American land drillers have reacted by postponing projects and reducing their drilling activities 
over the last several months of 2006 and continuing into the first quarter of 2007. This decrease in activity caused a 
decrease in both pricing and profitability in the fourth quarter as compared to the preceding third quarter. Our 
expectations for the first quarter are for approximately 255 average rigs operating, revenue per operating day of 
approximately $20,000, and largely as a result of the decrease in operating days, some increase in average costs per 
day. 

Demand for natural gas has recently increased due to the colder winter weather that began in mid January 2007. This 
recent weather-generated demand has caused the level of natural gas storage to decline significantly, below last year's 
level and closer to the five year average. With the change in natural gas storage levels, natural gas prices have also 
recently improved. Despite the recent improvement in natural gas pricing and some recent increase in customer 
inquiries, we believe our customers' outlook for the short term remains cautious. 

During 2007 we do expect that the combination of decreased current land drilling activity along with high production 
decline rates for many existing wells will further reduce the natural gas supply. As the supply of natural gas decreases, 
we believe that our customers' expectations for natural gas prices will become more optimistic. At that point we expect 
that the current inquiries will turn into a trend to secure rigs to drill needed wells. 

Although it is virtually impossible to predict when our customers' sentiment turns from cautious to bullish, we believe 
that ultimately increased land drilling will be required to avoid a shortfall of natural gas. 

Looking ahead, we see a sustained trend of higher natural gas prices leading to an ever greater number of natural gas 
wells being drilled. In 2006 the industry saw approximately 30,000 wells drilled as compared to less than 10,000 wells 
drilled per year as recently as ten years ago. This level of drilling has been required just to sustain the current levels of 
natural gas production. 

We remain committed to an operating strategy in our contract drilling operations that has at its core quality service and 
an upgraded rig fleet to meet our customers' demands for increasingly complex wells. We believe that this strategy and 
our strong balance sheet will continue to serve our company well in the future. 


Lastly, the company also declared a quarterly cash dividend on its common stock of $0.08 per share to be paid to the 
holders of record as of March 15, 2007 and will be paid on March 30, 2007. At this point, I'd like to open the call for 
questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you sir for that presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from the line of Marshall 
Adkins representing Raymond James. Please proceed. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Good morning guys. Good overview there, Mark. Could you give me a sense, are we seeing a 
stabilization at all in demand for rigs? I know we had a pretty big fall off in January. Gas prices have since rebounded a 
little bit. Are we still declining in terms of demand for rigs or is that stabilizing at all? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Cloyce, you want to try that? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Marshall, I think and certainly what I'm seeing is that the customers are reacting to this increase 
in gas price and I kind of think it's flattening out. And I would anticipate that if we continue to get the draw downs in 
natural gas and storage, and the psychology is that the gas prices are going to go up, we're going to see probably a very, 
very short downturn. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Okay, so you are seeing some sense of stabilization? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: That's my opinion. I'll put it that way. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Sure, sure. I mean obviously things could change given the weather we've had already this 
winter. Costs rose pretty dramatically in the quarter and if I heard you correctly, you're anticipating a further increase in 
costs. With the reduction rigs, why are costs still going up? I would have thought those would start to moderate or even 
decline a little bit. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Yeah Marshall, when you have a period where the rig count declines, I guess a couple of 
things happen. If you go back and think back to timing of our third quarter conference call, customers were talking 
about deferring programs till the first of the year. So as rigs freed up we kept our crews in place really pretty much 
through the end of the year, therefore resulting in costs pushing upward. 

Also to the extent that the rig doesn't stay active, you need to move it to a good, safe location that you can maintain it 
well and you really don't get paid for that. So those two items do drive costs up in the fourth quarter. As we look to the 
first quarter, I think we're high grading all our crews, trying to – not maintain all the crews, but we're maintaining more 
excess people than we would in a different environment. So we want to be prepared, at least a few rigs worth of 
prepared for customers to come back and increase their activity. 

One other comment on rig count, you asked about what was happening with it. We saw – we lost a few rigs in 
November. You can go back to our monthly rig counts and see that, and then December and more in January. And I 
agree with Cloyce's comment about yeah, we feel like we're at a relative stabilization, but I think that's a little lower 
than what we saw in January. Of late, we're running somewhere around 255 rigs with – you know, kind of bounce 
around between 12 and 15 in Canada out of that total, for a total of 255. 

And it seems to stabilize but I think as we – unless the US customers react very quickly here, I think we'll see less rigs 
running in the second quarter in Canada. And net result of that would be that – I'd say 250 to 260, maybe guess the 
middle of that, 255 total rigs running in the first quarter, and it may drop down another 15, 20 rigs in the second 
quarter. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Yeah, normally you say at least a ten rig fall-off there. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Right. And yeah, well, really more than that, but we're normally running more than that... 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Right. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: In Canada. 


<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Right. Okay, staying on the cost theme, your SG&A costs were a lot higher than we were 
modeling, particularly in the other operating expense category. Can you shed a little light on what was happening 
there? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Well, really those are two different things. The other operating expense category isn't really a 
SG&A category. What that is for us, the two primary things that fall there are gain or loss on disposal of assets. And we 
also, given the number is not particularly big, we put our bad debt expense in that number. So for the fourth quarter, 
bad debt expense included in other expenses was 1.2 million and then there was a loss on disposal of assets of 4.2 
million. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Okay. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: For the year those numbers, the bad debt expense was I believe about 5.4 million, and gain or 
loss on disposal of assets was about 4. So we had 200,000 of gains going into the fourth quarter, and in the fourth 
quarter in disposals we had 4.2 expense. On the true G&A side, there was about a $1.4 million increase in G&A 
expense related to assumptions for forfeitures of stock options. And with 123R, you make your estimates and you true 
them up kind of periodically. Fourth quarter we had a true-up – it was about $1.4 million is how much I think that 
impacted us. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Okay, so I guess more relevant to me and our models going forward, are those other 
operating expenses trends that will continue and kind of where should we be plugging SG&A in for the year, full year 
'07? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: I think SG&A would drop in the first quarter from what we saw in the fourth. Somewhere in 
the $14.5 million range would be my guess. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Right. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: 123R has some impact. It builds for a little bit; we'll get a little back for some forfeitures but 
then a little increase because we continue to grant shares to people and incentivize them, so that would be my guess 
there. Relative to the other expenses, periodically we have gains that surprise relative to your estimates on disposal of 
assets, and other times we'll have the losses. I don't think it's going to be significant one way or the other. 

Relative to bad debt, when the gas prices softened really in kind of the October timeframe, you know, there were a 
handful of customers that weren't prepared for that. And we increased our reserves primarily in the third quarter and a 
little more in the fourth, but we feel that that's well provided for. And when the gas prices stabilize, I don't expect any 
more problems but occasionally some show up. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: And you may even get paid on some of the stuff you reserve for, so it may go the other way, 
huh? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: That could happen. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Okay, all right, great. Thanks. That's good input, guys. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Arun Jayaram representing Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Good morning gentlemen. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Good morning Arun. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Good morning Arun, good to see you. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Yeah. Guys, Ken [Sill] and I do a weekly sort of the Smith rig count data by contractor. The 
data clearly shows the down trend in overall land based activity which is no surprise, but it also seems to indicate that 
Patterson has lost some meaningful share relative to your peers starting in October-November, in that kind of 
timeframe. What do you think is driving those apparent share losses and how do you respond? 


<A - John Vollmer III>: Arun, I have a little difficulty with the various rig counts out there. When we – we put out a 
monthly rig count and when we do and it's down, I'll get phone calls saying, "Well, nobody else lost rig count." Then in 
the – Nabors' comments when they put out their fourth quarter, they had 41 stacked rigs at that point in time. So I'm not 
sure how to compare myself to anybody else's rig count because if Nabors are down 41 and at the time we were down I 
think 40, there's 80. And Baker Hughes hasn't really moved. I think it was going up. 

So I get very, very confused by the rig counts. I think I can only take the data points the companies report and 
companies that actually run the rigs. We're running somewhere 240, 240 plus in the US and another 13 to 15 in Canada 
for a total of 255. We know that Nabors indicated they have 41 rigs that they stack as of roughly the end of January. 
You add those two together, you have something north of 100 rigs down in the US. 

I suspect other people are – also have rigs down and I guess the good news we see there is you came out of the winter 
of '06 with probably more inventory in storage than you wanted with all those rigs not working. That means we should 
see a supply response pretty quickly. Relative to market share, the information we have and I'm going to hand it over to 
Cloyce here, indicates that there's lots of people with rigs that are down. Those who don't have rigs down are those who 
are choosing to cut price. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Arun, the only information that we have is basically from our salesmen and what they're telling 
us is other people have rigs down also. And so I don't know what the number is, as John said, the only number we truly 
know is our number and we've elected to give that number out on a monthly basis. I think it's a good indicator of what 
is going on in the industry, and I don't see that we're a lot different than anyone else. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay, fair enough. Maybe I could send you the data offline. Second, I was just wondering if 
you could provide us your outlook, near-term outlook for your other two segments? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: John, do you want to talk about that? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Yeah, the outlook continues to be fine. Our pressure pumping business is as you know, based 
in Appalachia, that market is doing well. I would expect them to continue to perform as they did in prior year. On the 
fluids side, I think there we had some pretty unique opportunities in 2006 and we are hopeful that revenues will be 
similar to 2006, but I think a run rate more in the 35 million to maybe 40 million a quarter is probably more realistic, 
with occasionally some opportunities to do bigger things. 

E&P side, as we – as been the case for the last several years, we're not really trying to expand that and we plan to spend 
about $20 million drilling wells. And so if I had to guess somewhere 8 million or so a quarter in revenue; average it all 
together, maybe a little better than that is what we would likely see. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Geoff Kieburtz representing Citigroup. Please proceed. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Thanks, good morning. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Hey Geoff. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Just looking at the forecast that you've given there in terms of North American activity, 
Patterson rig count, kind of seen a slowing here, margins have started to come down. It looks like you're forecasting a 
bit of an acceleration in the decline in activity. Do you expect margins to also accelerate their downward trend with that 
rig count? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: I don't know that I intended to say that there was an acceleration in the decline of the rig 
count. I think it's relatively, I think stabilized. The big movement was really January and a little bit in February, with a 
guess of a rig count somewhere around 255 in the first quarter. That's pretty similar to what we are running at this point 
and you had the seasonal decline in Canada that would cost you somewhere around another 10 rigs, 255 to 245. And 
until the market goes up, if I had to guess, maybe there was a handful of additional rigs to take us down to maybe 235 
in the second quarter. 


My own guess about the world is that the combination of the increased, more normal demand we've seen over the last 
number of weeks on the natural gas usage side combined with the reduction in drilling that has occurred, which 
suggests that as the year goes on the gas price will firm up and the rig count will start to increase again, my guess 
would be somewhere in the third quarter, maybe late second quarter. So I don't think we're meaning to suggest that 
there's a further significant slide. 

In terms of the margin side, I think our costs will be higher this quarter. I don't have a real good sense of it. I'm 
guessing maybe up around 10,500 and I don't see a reason for that to go higher. I don't think we have cost pressures 
from a labor side or otherwise particularly in that area at this point in time. We're just trying to maintain our ability to 
come back when the demand gets a bit higher. 

Pricing wise, we have some number of competitors who price wherever they need to to keep a rig working. We try not 
to do that and I think that's evident in our fourth quarter numbers. We try to maintain getting paid a reasonable price for 
the service we provide and to do a good job for our customers. But I suspect that margins will decline some over the 
first and second quarter. Yes, there will be some pressure on the pricing. I've heard people talk about $4,000 a day. 
That doesn't seem right to me. It certainly could happen, but for it to drop first to second quarter a couple thousand 
dollars on the revenue line, I think that's outside the realm of reason. 

Maybe it could be a thousand, maybe it could be worse than that, but we would try to hold our pricing as stable as we 
can. Costs are higher in the industry. We have to get higher revenue per day to operate effectively. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Right. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: If the industry improves in the third quarter, you still could see some decline in revenue per 
day as you go into the third quarter because as I think you know, when the rig count starts to move, you're in effect 
pricing your rigs 30 to 90 days in front of where you are. But when the rig count starts to turn up, you may actually see 
just a little more decline on a revenue per day basis in the quarter that things go up. 

So for example, if revenue per day went down a couple of thousand in the second, rig counts dropped just a few more, 
then the rig count bounced back up in third, you may still see another loss of $1,000 a day on the revenue per day side. 
But as you went into – back into an upturn by the following quarter when utilization moves up, you should see revenue 
per day also move up would be my guess. So that's the history we've seen over the last couple of cycles. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Geoff, I want to say something though because the way you started the question off about 
acceleration of decline, it was just kind of the opposite of what I think we're seeing. We think this is kind of mild in 
duration and in severity. And I think the thing that's having an impact on it is that the fact that the second quarter, with 
the usual slowdown because of breakup and so on, has some further impact on it. And so I think you're seeing A and B, 
B is unrelated to A, and that's causing you to put it together in a way that's not what we're saying. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay, all right, that's helpful. In terms of – obviously a lot of this is very weather dependent 
and there is a limited amount that you can do to forecast this, but you do still plan to refurbish another 14 rigs kind of as 
a base case in '07. Are there any circumstances in which you would not proceed with that program? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Pretty much Geoff, those 14 rigs are well along on their way. What they are is producing rigs 
which we think are highly desirable from the perspective of some of the complex wells our customers want to drill, so 
they are in effect particularly fit for purpose well – rigs. And I think we and our customers are well served by 
completing those rigs and so we're planning on doing so. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Will they all be net increments to your active fleet or will you be taking some of the current 
rigs out of the marketed fleet? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: I think that depends on demand. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay. But at this point does – the base case is to keep everything that you are marketing in the 
marketed fleet? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Yes. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Yes. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay. And in terms of the other 14 that you mentioned as possible refurbs, what are the – I 
mean, what's the timeline in terms of making a decision on that? 


<A - Mark Siegel>: I think we can make those decisions on a pretty much week-to-week, month-to-month basis, 
depending on what we see in terms of the market firming. John has spoken to the point that we feel that there is a 
combination of the winter weather that we've now experienced, the withdrawals from storage and the decline in 
drilling, which we think all will have the impact of tightening the supply. And then as that tighter supply becomes more 
apparent as the year rolls forward, then we expect that there will be a pick up in activity. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Great. And how fast on those additional 14? I mean, let's say you made the decision today, 
when would you start to see those rigs available in the fleet? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: We contracted with National Oil as you know to purchase some additional rigs. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Yep. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Those rigs were slated for delivery throughout the year 2007. It takes us some amount of time 
upon delivery from National Oilwell to put those into service. And so it would be in effect during the course of 2007 if 
we make the decision to put them out to service. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay. But as you said, you can make this decision on a weekly basis. If you decide on certain 
day one, you could get that rig into service in what, kind of four months? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: It depends. We're taking deliveries, as I said over the course of the year. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Okay. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: So it might depend very well on what time of the year we're at. If we're at December and we found 
ourselves in the situation in which we had gotten all of our rigs delivered from National Oilwell and we made the 
decision to do – to put them into service, then something on the order of a 60 to 90 day period of time from that, from 
the date of decision would be the date of starting service. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Got you, okay. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: But on the other hand, if you ask me could we put all 14 to service 60 to 90 days from now? The 
answer is no because we haven't gotten delivery from National Oilwell. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Sure. And then...? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: And I don't want to create the impression we weren't expecting it either, so I'm not – not to suggest 
anything other than these will be delivered during the course of 2007 and we'll have our choices as to what to do with 
them. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: And in terms of personnel, John had mentioned that you're keeping maybe a little bit of surplus 
crew personnel in anticipation of maybe a quicker pick up in the recovery in the demand picture. At what point do you 
kind of let attrition take its effect and reduce your head count? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: I think we've done the attrition. I think what John was saying was that as you get to a situation like 
this, you do two things. One, you try to maintain your most talented employees and that has some impact on your costs; 
and you try to maintain some ability to put some number of rigs back into service, so there's some extra crew. So there's 
sort of two factors if you will, causing your labor costs in the field for drilling to be higher than they would otherwise 
be. One is the retention of the most talented employees and two is some ability to add additional rigs as demand 
warrants. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Geoff, an example of that would be if you have the tool pushers to run 300 rigs and you're 
only running 250 rigs, in a longer downturn period you would demote those people to other levels to lower their pay. 
You don't want to do that unless there's a longer downturn, otherwise another driller could come along and attract some 
of your more skilled and experienced people. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Right, okay. And as of right now, your head count today versus the fourth quarter average is 
up, down or flat? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: It would be down. 

<Q - Geoff Kieburtz>: Down, okay. Thank you very much. 


<A - Mark Siegel>: Thanks Geoff. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Mike Urban representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 

<Q - Michael Urban>: Thanks, good morning. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Hi Mike. 

<Q - Michael Urban>: I wanted to talk about the cost side a little more. I know you kind of questioned the rig count 
numbers out there so it's tough to get a sense for it. But assuming that is the right number and the rig count is kind of 
roughly flat to up, presumably a lot of the supply chain including labor, materials, parts, all that kind of stuff is still 
pretty tight, is it possible in the near term to see costs going up on that basis? You've talked about just costs going up 
because of fewer operating days, but on an apples-to-apples basis or a day cost basis, would you still expect to see 
some cost inflation there? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: I don't think we know, but I wouldn't expect that. I'll give you an example. With running 
higher levels of activity, I think the industry was buying lots of drill pipe. I think that based on what we believe is going 
on out there, I think we're wearing out less drill pipe than we were before. Again, one of the funny things with rig 
counts is you really got to get down to which rig it is. I mean, things that – we have seen a variety of rigs go out of 
service and we believe that other drillers have too. 

And if – I'll just use the Nabors is down 40 and at the same in point we were down 40, it's my belief that our rigs are 
drilling the wells to generate the greater amount of gas in this country than some small rigs that are off in Wyoming or 
somewhere else. So anyway, and I think that's the bigger iron also. So my take would be that supply chain wise, we 
may see some of those things loosen up just a little bit and cost pressures would be lower at this point. Do you agree 
with that, Cloyce? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: I do agree with that. I think that the inflation on the cost side for us is going to go down similar 
to what's happening to us on the – where we're providing equipment to operators. 

<Q - Michael Urban>: Okay. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: It'll certainly flatten out. 

<Q - Michael Urban>: Okay, that's helpful. And then the follow-up to that is are your customers pushing back at all 
on labor pass throughs or any kind of incidentals or things that it was easier to get them to pay for when things were a 
little more robust? And are they trying to push back on things like that? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: I think there's no pass through issues on labor at this point. I think there was an increase in 
the spring/summer that probably shouldn't have happened, but we had to respond because that's what some other 
drillers did, and that was the last labor increase. And I don't anticipate any foreseeable at this point in time. And that's 
really the only pass through that we have. 

<Q - Michael Urban>: Okay. That's all for me. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Waqar Syed representing Tristone Capital. Please proceed. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: John, could you give us some guidance on DD&A for '07? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Yeah, I think it all depends on the capital expenditure level which will partly be driven at 
least to some extent by demand, although a lot of that is pretty well locked in at this point. I would guess that it would 
move up kind of quarter-to-quarter somewhere 3 to $4 million, although in first quarter I don't expect it to be a whole 
lot greater than it was in the fourth, maybe up a million or two. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Okay. And now of the 530 million that you spent on drilling in '06, could you break it down 
between upgrades and maintenance capital? 


<A - John Vollmer III>: Hang on one second. I don't happen to have that in front of me. Okay, in terms of activating 
rigs, I wouldn't call that an upgrade. I'd call that putting those rigs out. I think we spent somewhere in the $220 or so 
million range, and actually probably closer to 250, I take that back. That included activating rigs. It included – probably 
spent another $15 million on things like iron roughnecks, et cetera. We spent in the range of $100 million on tubulars, 
drill pipe, drill collars. 

There's some other costs as we've expanded into the Rockies. We had to add more yards and so we didn't spend a lot of 
money but somewhere 10 million or so on real estate, buildings and improvements like that. Of what we consider 
maintenance capital, that number would be a little bit north of $100 million, in effect about $1,000 a day. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Okay. So you were spending about, let's say close to about $5,000 per rig day on capital spending, 
maybe about half of your cash margins. Going forward, you said there's still some availability on your capital spending 
plans, but can you give us some guidelines on how much of your cash margins would you be spending in CapEx or any 
ranges of – in actual million dollars what it could look like for '07? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Well, I have a little difficulty thinking about it the way you did in terms of that we spent 
$5,000 a day. We activated a significant number of rigs. We can put to work with a customer and a crew, as of today I 
think it's 339 rigs and we expect that that will come to pass. So I don't personally relate that CapEx to those margins. I 
think on any of the work I've done for the money we spent for rigs that have gone out, we've seen paybacks in the 15 
month timeframe over the last several years. So I think we generated the cash flow to cover that. 

As we look into the coming year at this point, we're fairly locked in in terms of our CapEx for the year, and that's 
driven by a couple of different factors. Many of the things that we order, you have 9 month, 12 month lead times and so 
at the end of the year, the vast majority of the capital for the year was really already committed. I would expect for the 
year that we'll spend somewhere in the 600 to $650 million range. And the difference between those numbers is to a 
great part driven by whether we activate the 14 rigs that they were talking about earlier. We can avoid some capital 
expenditures by actually putting those together at this point in time. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Right... 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Go ahead. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Okay. And going beyond that, let's say into '08, what do you think could the run rate be – look 
like for capital spending? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: I think at this point in time for 2008, we really don't have a lot of commitments. We can 
make changes in our plans there at least for the next several months based on where demand goes. Most everything we 
buy you can get inside a 12 month or less timeframe so at this point there's not a lot of commitment to make. We're in 
real good shape in terms of either existing or already ordered tubulars. We'll watch the market and determine if we 
think we need to put orders farther out. 

Kind of circling back to the CapEx for 2006, I would break it down as follows: in terms of – if we bring out all the new 
rigs, that would cost roughly $200 million. A lot of that will be spent either way because we've ordered the parts, we 
will take the parts and we believe that those rigs will be in high demand in the future. Other rigs that Mark talked about 
that we'll be activating, cost to go on that would be somewhere around $60 million. Drill pipe, we'll purchase about $80 
million and we could skinny that down some if we choose, but a lot of it is already committed. 

We're also going to spend a substantial amount of money on a variety of different upgrade programs. We – over the last 
many years but particularly the last two, three years we have continued to upgrade our drilling fleet, make sure that 
we're competitive with what our customers need. And upgrade maintenance capital put together, I think we'll spend 
somewhere around $230 million this year. 

And then the other businesses of course we're – particularly pressure pumping, we're going to make a close to $60 
million investment there, continuing to expand. There's plenty of work and ability to grow that business as we look 
toward 2008. Total for all the other businesses would be around $80 million, which includes pressure pumping at 60 
million and about 20 million in E&P. We do not expect to spend a lot in fluids or anywhere else. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Okay. And then if you spend about 600-650 million then, at least by my numbers you may not 
have a lot of free cash available, would you continue with your share buyback programs and by taking on debt or would 
you put it on hold for '07? 


<A - Mark Siegel>: I think we have not made a decision any further than this quarter. We have completed the 
authorized buyback. As you know, we bought back $450 million worth of stock last year, paid a dividend additionally. 
Our thinking at this point is to continue that dividend as you realize from the declaration of a dividend by our Board. 
And I think what our view is at this point is we're going to watch and see where the business goes. 

As I think I've said in the call before, we see kind of a mild downturn both in duration and in severity, followed by a 
significant increase later in the year. And given that fact, we think that the capital spending plans that we have put in 
place put us in a good position to be able to go forward. We also think that it's smart considering the balance sheet that 
we have. And frankly, I think we've shown our commitment to return to shareholders excess cash and excess capital, so 
our practice from before really shows you what our principles are. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Right. Now you have been spending in '06 some money on upgrading your active rig fleet. How 
many of the rigs have already been upgraded in the existing active fleet and how many will be upgraded as you go 
through the '07 upgradation program? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: You know, it's really – rigs are composed of a large number of components. We are always in the 
process of upgrading our rigs. For example, every number of years we put new engines on or rebuild the engines and 
many number of other things. We've been in a program for more than five years of improving our mud systems on our, 
all of our – on any number of our rigs, a substantial majority of our rigs, and we are continuing to do that. We have put 
in iron roughnecks on a large number of our rigs and are continuing with that program. And I could go on and on and 
on about this kind of thing, listing any number of particulars. 

So the answer is we have in effect improved a very large number of our rig fleet and continue to do so. And basically 
the commitment of capital expenditures in 2007 reflects the fact that we're continuing to do that. And we think that 
ultimately that by doing so, we will have a fleet that kind of meets the needs of our customers and continues to meet it. 

<Q - Waqar Syed>: Right, right. Now you have over 400 rigs in your fleet and we saw about 290 or so work at the top 
in '06. And '06 was one of the best drilling markets and yet we didn't see your number go over 300. At what point do 
you say that some of the rigs that you have, your inventory are never going to come back and so you may decide to 
write it off, or do you think that you still have good confidence that all your fleet would be active at some point? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Well, first a small correction. In July and August, we actually were running more than 300 rigs 
and that's reflected in our monthly numbers that we put out in each of those two months, so we have actually run more 
than 300 actual average number of rigs running. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: In addition. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: In addition to the U.S. number. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Yeah. In addition to that, it's important for you to realize that when you put out and when you run 
a monthly number of 304 rigs, you're actually running significantly greater number of rigs than that because of the – in 
effect rigs moving, days lost for weather, mobilizations, et cetera. So there is some number of rigs in addition to that. 
Now on top of that, I'll turn it over to John in respect to where we are in terms of rig fleet. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Yeah Waqar, the – during – there is several factors as Mark mentioned including seasonality 
in Canada. The number of rigs that we actually ran during 2006 – so a rig that had revenue during the year was 331, 
when you look at the summer timeframe, Canada wasn't very active quite frankly or you would have seen a higher total 
rig count. And as Mark mentioned, there was always a few percent of our rigs that need a repair or we need to stop and 
do whatever we might need to do and that always exists in the industry. 

In terms of, when I look at the 300 and roughly 40 rigs that could be run today, the remaining ones, there is frankly not 
a lot of book value there. You might recall we bought a lot of rigs over a lot of years very inexpensively, and we do 
depreciate those assets. And so whether we do or don't activate that equipment is I don't think any meaningful 
impairment issue or anything like that. Whether we activate them is always based on demand. I mean, we could have 
run off and activated every rig in our fleet and hired a bunch of yards to do it and so on and so forth. 

But our belief is when we spend money on rigs we want to know that we get a good return for shareholders of at least 
the best of our ability, that's what we're trying to do. So we try to make those decisions each quarter based upon the 
demand that's out there. So as demand improves, will we activate more rigs? Probably, but I don't see any disposal or 
write-off issue which I think you – what you might have been suggesting. 


<Q - Waqar Syed>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Kurt Hallead, representing RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Hey, good morning. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Hey Kurt. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Hey Kurt. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Hey Kurt. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: A couple of follow-ups, in terms of the rigs that you have in the market in 2007, can you give us 
the percentage that you will have on contract on average for the year? Is it roughly – is it 10% of your fleet, 20%? Can 
you give us some general sense on that? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Yeah, currently around 75 rigs I believe off the top of my head are on contract initially at 
terms of a year more. As we go through the year that will drop to somewhere between 40 and 45, weighted a little bit 
toward the end of the year, but relatively fairly evenly over the year they'll come off contract. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Okay. And then I had a couple of things I wasn't quite sure if I heard correctly. On the outlook 
for rig activity, you mentioned the number 255 in the first quarter. Was that total North America for you or was that 
just the U.S.? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: That was total North America. That's about in line with what we've been running recently. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: And the, 255 – you ran 267 in January, 250 in the US, 16 in Canada. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: It was – the drop in January was the big drop, into early February. That's stabilized in recent 
weeks. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Okay, so like – can you just give me a general expectation of what you're thinking for Canada in 
the first quarter alone? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Canadian activity has been pretty weak. I mean, off the top of my head, we've bounced 
around between 12 and 16 rigs this quarter... 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Yeah. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Which is – I would tell you from a supply point of view probably a good thing. Supply of 
natural gas, if you look down the road, I don't recall any time period prior to this year that Canadian rigs we haven't run 
pretty much full out first quarter, starting somewhere mid December or earlier and continuing till mid March and that 
has not been the case this year. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Got it, okay. So and the other thing I wanted to clarify with you was on drilling fluids, I wasn't 
sure if I heard you correctly. Did you say 35 to 40 million per quarter in revenue for '07? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Yeah, that work kind of comes as it comes. It's clearly a guess, but I would tell you that 2006 
we did have some real big jobs that were great opportunities that enhanced our revenue. Those may occur again, but 
internally at least we don't tend to expect them. They are just further opportunities and that's where that number comes 
from. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Okay, okay. And if it's any solace to you, back in 2001 your stock stopped going down once rig 
activity started rolling over, so you may draw some solace in that with the fact that activity's coming down and we'll 
see if the market thinks that your stock is at a low. So in any event, that's the follow-up I had for now. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Sure, thanks for that. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Mike Drickamer representing Morgan Keegan. Please proceed. 

<Q - J. Michael Drickamer>: Well guys, I think everything has been just about asked and answered at this point. Let 
me slip in one more here. If you look at the rigs that have been idled, what kind of characteristics are you seeing in that 
fleet of idled rigs? Is it primarily your smaller, lower horsepower rigs or is it larger ones or what are you seeing in the 
rigs that are being idled? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: What we have seen is very typical of what happens in a downturn and it's no different than I've 
experienced in my entire career. The first thing that slows down is your smaller rigs and then the second thing that 
slows down is your larger horsepower rigs and that's where we've seen most of the slowdown. About half under 750 
horsepower and about half greater than 750 horsepower and a lot of those are in the 1,500 to 2,000 horsepower range, 
pretty typical. 

<Q - J. Michael Drickamer>: All right. John, so if I look at the revenue mix then for those, with half being less than 
750 and half greater than 750, the revenue mix for those would probably be pretty close to what your average has been, 
correct? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: I would think so, yes. 

<Q - J. Michael Drickamer>: Yeah, so there wouldn't be a lot of mix impact from those rigs being idled then on the 
average daily revenues? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: I'd agree with that. 

<A - Vollmer III>: I would too. 

<Q - J. Michael Drickamer>: All right. Thanks guys. That's it for me. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Kevin Wenck representing Polynous Capital Management. Please 
proceed. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Good morning. John, listening to your comments on costs and then listening to overall 
comments on rig activity and so forth, and then hearing the '07 CapEx budget, it looks like by year end '07 you could 
draw into the line of credit again by probably 200 to 250 million. I mean does that look like a reasonable assumption? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: I don't think so. I think that we've repaid the line of credit since year end. And based on our 
comments, I would not see us being drawing on the line at year end based on those numbers. That's obviously back of 
the envelope on my part. But the only thing I can think of that you might be ignoring is that if you have less rigs 
running, what ends up happening is a lot of cash shows up from your receivables versus payables relationship. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Yeah, I have receivables dropping close to 100 million bucks. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: All I can suggest is you look at history at different levels of activity and you might find that 
your answer – my guess may be wrong also, but I think you probably generate more out of receivables net payables 
than you're thinking. 

<Q - Kevin Wenck>: Okay, thanks for your help. 

<A - John Vollmer III>: Okay. 

Operator 

Your final question comes from the line of [inaudible]. Please proceed. 

<Q>: Yeah, I have a question in a different vein. I was looking at embezzlement costs and they were negative. Do you 
expect any recovery? 

<A - John Vollmer III>: And they were negative. In terms of recovery, we don't know. At the point we feel confident 
that we would have a recovery we would record it. The court continues to go through its work and hopefully that will 


resolve itself over the next few months or couple of quarters. But at this point we don't have any clear indication what 
recovery we would get or how much it would be so we have not recorded anything. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back over for closing remarks. 

Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 

I'd like to thank everybody for their participation and look forward to speaking with you at the end of next quarter. 
Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. 
Have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


