Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Jeff Lloyd, Media Contact 
• Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 
• Douglas J. Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• John Vollmer, III 
• Jeff Tillery 
• Benjamin Dell 
• Arun Jayaram 
• J. Michael Drickamer 
• Daniel Boyd 
• Andrew Coleman 
• John Daniel 
• Todd Garman 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2008 Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. Earnings 
Conference Call. My name is Tuwanda, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in 
listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator 
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Jeff Lloyd on behalf of Patterson-UTI Energy. Sir, you may 
proceed. 

Jeff Lloyd, Media Contact 

Thank you. Good morning, and on behalf of Patterson-UTI Energy, I'd like to welcome everyone to today's conference 
call to discuss the results of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2008. Participating in today's call will be 
Mark Siegel, Chairman; Doug Wall, Chief Executive Officer; and John Vollmer, Chief Financial Officer. 

Again, just a quick reminder that statements made in this conference call which state the company's or management's 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions for the future are forward-looking statements. It's important to note that 
actual results could differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. Important factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, declines in oil and natural gas prices that 
could adversely affect the demand for company's services, and their associated effect on day rates, rig utilization and 
planned capital expenditures, excess availability of land drilling rigs, including as a result of the reactivation or 
construction of new land drilling rigs, adverse industry conditions, difficulty in integrating acquisitions, demand for oil 
and natural gas, shortages of rig equipment and ability to retain management and field personnel. 


Additional information concerning these factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the company's SEC filings, which may be obtained by 
contacting the company or the SEC. These filings are also available through the company's website or through the 
SEC's EDGAR system. Again the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking 
statements. 

Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Siegel for some opening remarks to be followed by questions and 
answers. Mark? 

Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 

Thank you, Jeff. Welcome to Patterson-UTI's conference call for the third quarter of 2008. I wish you all a good 
morning and thank you for joining us today. I trust, by now all of you have had an opportunity to read our earnings 
release, which was issued earlier this morning prior to the opening of the market. 

I plan to begin by taking a couple of minutes to review briefly the financial results for the just completed quarter. I will 
then turn the call over to Doug Wall, Patterson-UTI's President and CEO, for some comments and color on our 
operating results. After Doug's comments on the quarter, I will make a few comments on the market outlook even 
though we have very little clarity at the present time. As always, we will be pleased to take your questions following 
these prepared remarks. 

Today, we reported net income of $109 million or $0.70 per share for the three months ended September 30, 2008, 
compared to net income of $98.2 million or $0.62 per share, for the three months ended September 30, 2007. This 
represents an 11% improvement year-over-year. Revenues for the third quarter of 2008 were $609 million, compared to 
revenues of $524 million for the third quarter of 2007, a 16% improvement. 

For the nine months ended September 30, we reported net income of $268 million, or $1.72 per share. This compares to 
net income of $354 million, or $2.24 per share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2007. Revenues for the first 
nine months of 2008 were $1.64 billion, compared to revenues of $1.59 billion for the first nine months of 2007. 

Once again, I wish to remind you that the results for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 include pre-tax 
nonrecurring gains of $59.6 million, resulting from the sale of certain E&P assets and the recovery of embezzled funds. 
These gains, net of taxes, increased net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 by $38.7 million, or 
$0.25 per share. 

During the quarter, we repurchased two million shares of the company's for an aggregate purchase price of $50 million. 
Although the current price for the company's stock is well below the level at which we purchase shares, we believed 
and continue to believe that at an approximate price of $25 per share we were obtaining a good value for the company. 
This price reflects a decline of 33% from the price of the company's recent high. 

The company still has authorization to repurchase a further $129 million worth of stock under our most recent 
authorization from the Board. 

And finally, today I'm also pleased to report that our Board declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of 
$0.16 per share, to be paid on December 30, 2008, to holders of record as of December 12, 2008. Based on our closing 
price on October 29, of $12.32, our stock has a current yield of 5.2%, which we believe to be among the highest yields 
achievable in the energy services sector. 

I would now like to turn the call over to Doug Wall for a discussion of our operating results for the quarter. 

Douglas J. Wall, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you Mark. I'd like to make a few brief comments on the operating division starting with the drilling company. 
For the quarter ended September 30, 2008, the company had an average of 276 drilling rigs operating, up 32 rigs from 


Q2. The rig count for the quarter averaged 264 rigs in the U.S. and 12 rigs in Canada. 

By comparison, a year ago, we averaged 234 in the U.S. and nine in Canada. Our drilling activity accelerated nicely 
throughout the quarter. On average, 269 rigs operated in July, the count jumped to 278 in August and further increased 
to 281 rigs working in the month of September. 

For the first three weeks of October, this growth continued this upward trend and only in the latter stages of the month 
have we seen any small drop-off in the rig count. We were very pleased by the expansion in U.S. rig count of some 40 
rigs this year. Further testament to our belief that our rigs are quite capable of providing valuable services for our 
customers, as well as operating efficiently and safely. 

In fact, we expect we would have seen even further growth in the number of rigs, if not for the precipitous decline in 
commodity prices and the recent collapse of the credit markets. Overall, our drilling business had an excellent quarter. 

As was expected, our Canadian utilization improved during the quarter coming off the seasonal lows during Q2. We 
averaged 12 rigs working in Canada for the quarter and anticipate we will stay in this range throughout the remainder 
of the year. We have geared up for a very busy winter drilling season in Canada. 

Overall, average revenues per operating day during the third quarter were $19,620 compared to $18,740 in the second 
quarter, a very nice improvement of $880 per day. Average direct operating costs were $11,130 for the third quarter, 
down $170 per day from the $11,300 we experienced in Q2. Overall, our gross margins improved by $1,050 per day 
from Q2. 

At the end of the quarter, we had 54 rigs working under term contracts, which had an original term of a year or more. 
At the present time, we have 25 additional term contracts for new build rigs that will be activated over the next five 
quarters. 

Let me talk about a few of the operational highlights for the quarter. We introduced five new rigs to the marketplace 
during the third quarter, three of which were our new Apex 1,500 rigs. Two of these rigs were deployed in the Barnett 
Shale and the other in the Haynesville Shale. We also introduced another of our highly successful walking rigs in the 
Rockies. This brings our total fleet of walking rigs to 12 rigs with another 10 to be deployed over the next five quarters. 

In total, through the third quarter of this year, we have introduced 11 new rigs to the marketplace, all of which are 
operating very efficiently and at very attractive rates and margins. 

I should point out that we have now branded our new advanced technology rigs, the Apex series. From this point on, 
you will hear us refer to all of our new advanced technology offerings as Apex rigs. For example, the new 1,500 
horsepower rigs we have been introducing throughout this year, which we have formally referred to as IDEAL rigs will 
now be known as Apex 1,500's. Our newly designed advanced technology rigs that were specifically designed for small 
locations such as we find in the Appalachians, these rigs will be known as Apex 1,000's. And finally, all of our highly 
acclaimed walking rigs will now be known as Apex walking rigs. 

We anticipate completing an additional six rigs in Q4, four of which will be the Apex 1,500's, the other two will be 
Apex walking rigs. All of these rigs will be deployed in either of the Barnett Shale, the Haynesville Shale of East Texas 
and North Louisiana or the resource plays in the Rockies. 

Over the next two years, we now expect to construct 34 new advanced technology rigs. Of these, 24 have been 
contracted on three-year terms and one on a two-year term, all of these with very favorable pricing. With our 
industry-leading Apex walking rigs and all of the new builds for both 2008 and 2009, we will exit 2009 with 
approximately 60 new state-of-the-art Apex drilling rigs. 

In addition, we have also, a substantial number of rigs that have been totally refurbished over the last three years. We 
expect that the addition of these new rigs together with the refurbished rigs will certainly help to mitigate the impact on 
Patterson-UTI of the decline in overall rig activity and margins we may see in the coming months. 


Let me turn now and make a few comments about our pressure pumping business, Universal Well Services. As 
expected, business levels in the pressure pumping business in Appalachia improved during the quarter. Revenues for 
the third quarter of 2008 reached an all-time high of $60.6 million, up over 6% sequentially and 4% higher than the 
same quarter a year ago. 

The number of jobs completed improved by 9% sequentially, but it is down 8% from the record number of jobs we 
completed in the same quarter a year ago. Average revenue per job declined somewhat on a sequential basis to $16,240 
reflecting a slight change in our job mix. We certainly did more cement jobs and slightly fewer frac and nitrogen jobs. 
Activity levels have not been as high as we originally anticipated in this market, primarily due to delays in permit 
approvals for use of land and water resources. We do, however, believe that these are delays and do not reflect any less 
enthusiasm for the long-term development of the Marcellus and Huron Shale plays. 

Operating margins in this division are still being impacted by high fuel and sand costs, as well as additional labor costs 
as we geared up for the expected increase in business driven by activity in the Marcellus Shale. In terms of capital, we 
spent $18 million on new pressure pumping equipment during the quarter with a large amount of that directed towards 
upgrading our fracturing capabilities. 

We have now taken delivery of five of our new 2,250 horsepower quintuplex pumps that were specifically purchased 
for horizontal fracs in the Marcellus. We will have five more of these units delivered prior to the end of Q4. We expect 
all of this additional equipment this year to drive significant growth. 

Turning now to the drilling fluid segment, as you might have expected, Ambar Lone Star was significantly impacted by 
both Hurricanes Gustav and Ike. Revenues were down over 8% sequentially as our operations were suspended for over 
20 days at most of our Gulf Coast facilities. 

Our facilities at Cameron, Intercoastal City and Galveston all experienced damage. However, I am pleased to say we're 
now back up and running. Margins in this business continue to be very thin as cost increases in barrite, fuel, raw 
materials as well as labor costs continue to put pressure on our margins. We do not see any meaningful change in this 
business in the immediate future. 

And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Mark for some concluding remarks. 

Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 

Thanks Doug. As Doug's comments reflect, we saw a major step change in our drilling business in the third quarter 
with accelerating demand for both new and existing rigs. As we had discussed in prior conference calls, we had 
expected this change based on strong commodity prices and in particular, natural gas prices $80 or higher. What a 
difference I've seen in the last 30 days or so. I'm not sure I have ever witnessed such a dramatic change in the business 
climate in such a short period of time. 

The combination of falling commodity prices and the general turmoil in the credit markets coupled with uncertainty 
surrounding the U.S. election have given rise to an unprecedented decline, not only in the stock and capital markets but 
also in consumer confidence. Personally, it's like a plane hitting an air pocket. You keep waiting for the plane to reach a 
level altitude at which smooth flying resumes. 

Although we don't really have a lot of clarity as to where all of this is headed, several things are becoming more clear. 
Assuming that commodity prices stay at depressed levels and credit markets are constrained, our customers certainly 
are going to have less free cash flow in 2009 as well as less access to capital. This is bound to have an impact on rig 
count in both the U.S. and Canada. Right now, it seems impossible to assess the likely magnitude of the decline or its 
expected length. 

As we said in our press release, we expect that our rig count will be 283 for October, up two from September. We 
believe, however, that based on a reduction of activity by reason of the holiday season and based on input from our 
customers that our total rig count for the fourth quarter will be in the low 270s including approximately 12 rigs running 


in Canada. 

We expect that margins during the fourth quarter will remain flat at approximately $8,500 per day. Having said all this, 
it must be pointed out that natural gas prices in the 6 to $7 range are not that bad. In fact, those prices are very similar 
to the prices we had one year ago. We do know that at these prices, approximately 1,700 rigs were working in the U.S. 
a year ago. Will it get worse than this? We really don't know. But we must keep things in perspective. 

We believe that any major decline we see in drilling activity will result in a pretty quick decline in the supply side of 
natural gas. Subject to what happens on the demand side, we believe that any major decline in production will likely 
result in lower supplies and a resultant increase in prices thus ultimately driving more drilling activity. We refer to this 
as the virtuous cycle. 

Although it may take some time for the world's economies to recover from this crisis, we do believe that in the 
long-term, we will continue to have to drill more wells to meet the demands of consumers and the economy in general. 

Moreover, we believe that the high depletion rates of current gas wells will inevitably mean that a decrease in drilling 
will quickly lead to a substantial decrease in supply. Indeed, our recent experience with commodity cycles albeit 
without the Sturm und Drang of the current crisis, are shorter and less steep. Due, we believe to this acceleration in 
depletion rates. 

As a company, we're taking steps to prepare for a decline in the rig count whether modest or sharp. We're taking a hard 
look at our cost structure and we will reevaluate our discretionary capital expenditure program. We believe, however, 
that our debt free balance sheet puts us in an enviable position to increase shareholder value during this downturn. That 
said, it won't be painless but we are better positioned than ever to respond to these difficult times. 

Before concluding, I would like to take a moment to address our stock price. Like so many investors, I'm frustrated at 
the valuation accorded to our company. I had expected that with our balance sheet with no long-term debt, net plant, 
property and equipment of one point – of more than $1.9 billion and current assets of more than $600 million together 
with our yearly-annualized dividend of $0.64 per share would ensure that our stock price would not fall to the current 
level. Of course, like others, I am surprised by the depth of the economic crisis we currently find our country. 

Before we open the call to questions, we'd like to take this opportunity to express our sincere appreciation to the 
employees of Patterson-UTI. We have survived and thrived during tough times before and it is the dedication and 
resolve of our people that will help us to continue to succeed. 

We will now open the call for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Fitzgerald with Patterson (sic) 
[Raymond James] . Please proceed. 

<Q>: Good morning guys. It's actually Raymond James. On the drilling side, I guess, costs were actually down during 
the quarter, maybe some help from lower fuel costs – I don't know if you were still deploying some of your stacked 
rigs, but can you guys describe how you're able to control cost so well and where you see that going over maybe the 
next quarter or two? 

<A - John Vollmer, III>: Yeah, this is John Vollmer. In the second quarter, we expended quite a few dollars activating 
rigs. As Doug mentioned earlier, our U.S. rig count during the first nine months was 40 higher than it was at year-end. 
We – as we entered the third quarter, it was a little bit unclear to us whether we would get savings in the third quarter or 
if it would occur in the fourth, but most of the reactivation cost did occur during the second quarter resulting in an 
improvement in our average cost per day. We also had, in response to some other drilling companies, we increased 
wages for rig employees late in the third quarter. So that actually contributed somewhere towards the $100 in increased 


cost. So without that, we would have been closer to 11,000 or so in cost per day in the third quarter. 

Going – looking forward to the fourth quarter, we'll see the rest of that increase, which is approximately $500 a day, 
and that would take our per day cost in Q4 to about 11,500. And also, since those costs are a direct pass through to the 
customers, we'll get a little bit of benefit in the average revenue per day side and we would guess that that would be 
somewhere around 20,000 in Q4. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks for the color. And then I guess, bigger picture, you guys have a clean balance sheet, we're thinking 
next year might be a good chance for consolidation in the market. Is that a possibility for you guys, are you still 
inclined to stick with the new builds and put out your Apex rigs or are you still just thinking – maybe even just go on 
the refurb side, ex what you've already planned putting out in the market? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: No, this is Mark. Our view about this is that we continue to look at all possible transactions that 
are presented to us. From our perspective, you have to consider the quality of the assets that you can obtain in every 
given transaction as against the price. 

Over the last few years, we've thought that the best things we could put our capital into was the refurbishing of our 
existing rigs, our new rigs and our stock buyback and our dividend and that's in fact what we've done. We are very 
proud of that record, we think that was the good way to deploy capital, the smart allocation of resources, but we will 
continue to look at transactions and to the extent to which that makes sense we consider them. 

<Q>: All right. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Tillery with Tudor, Pickering and Holt. Please proceed. 

<Q - Jeff Tillery>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Good morning. 

<A - Douglas Wall>: Good morning. 

<Q - Jeff Tillery>: Recognizing that there is a lot in flux right now and '09 capital expenditure plans will certainly 
move around a bit, could you walk us through how you think about maintenance capital and then what is committed for 
2009 for the new build program already? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Let me respond to that in the following way and turn it over to John for a little bit of color. We've 
had a long-term program, as you know, of refurbishing rigs when customers sought specific fit for purpose rigs 
building fit for purpose new rigs. Those are our walking rigs. 

We've also had the Apex 1500 rigs, which we formally called IDEAL rigs, which we bought in 2006 and have been 
putting out into the market this year. So we've had a long-term program of building new rigs when customer demand 
required it and to meet specific needs of our customers. We've continued that program and expect to continue that 
program into 2009. 

That said, our – in previous conversations with – previous conference calls we've indicated that we expected our CapEx 
budget next year to be approximately $600 million. That being said, that was before we've had our annual budget cycle. 
We are in the process of our annual budget cycle right now. We will do as a company, operating as well as capital 
budgets. Those will be presented to our Board later on for the Board's review and approval and we may increase or 
decrease that $600 million going forward depending on what we see. With that – and obviously as I said in my 
prepared remarks, we'll be taking a hard look at discretionary capital. With that I'll turn it over to John for the 
maintenance capital comments. 

<A - John Vollmer, III>: Yes. For maintenance capital, we've actually experienced decrease in cost per day, but 
historically we've used about $1,000 per operating day for maintenance capital. Of late, it's been a little lower than that. 


On that basis, I would think maintenance capital for next year would be somewhere towards $80 million. And as we 
finalize our budget, if we continue the expansion of the pressure pumping business, I would guess somewhere toward 
$50 million with that and the other businesses. And with a not yet completed budget, but guess of capital next year 
around 600 million, that would leave 470 million for new rigs and upgrades of other equipment. 

<Q - Jeff Tillery>: Okay. Thank you for that. I just want to make sure how the numbers clear on the incremental new 
builds versus what you guys talked about on the second quarter conference call. How many of the 34 were incremental 
versus the last time you guys talked about it? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Jeff, that number is probably eight. So the 34 that we talked about is really from this point 
forward, which includes about six of the previously announced 1,500 horsepower rigs that we have announced a couple 
of years ago. So the real number that I guess, over what we told you last quarter, was eight rigs. 

<Q - Jeff Tillery>: Okay. And then my last question, from a strategic standpoint, I guess there was in the fall of '06 we 
started going through this [inaudible] rig count as well and you guys were disciplined and willing to take rigs off the 
market to try to preserve industry pricing. Should we think about that the same way this time around – as rig count 
falls, at least to a point, you guys are more willing to sacrifice utilization than price? Is that the right way to think about 
it? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: You know, I think what we've done historically is make a pretty much case-by-case, rig-by-rig 
valuation of each opportunity to proceed and made a decision kind of on a basis – we try to make them rig-by-rig as to 
whether it's appropriate to take – maintain the rig operating, potentially at a slightly lower price, or to – in effect lay the 
rig down to, in effect, try to help maintain price. So that's a decision we make case-by-case. I think it's fair to say that 
we're going to try to both maintain share and maintain price. 

<Q - Jeff Tillery>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Ben Dell with Bernstein. Please proceed. 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Hi guys. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Good morning, Ben. 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Good morning. I have just some questions on where the activity was weakening the most. Can 
you give us some color on the – which regions you're seeing the greatest weakness in, how big of a quality spread 
you're seeing between high-end rigs and low-end rigs? And which particular operators – are you seeing the large cap 
E&Ps are the privates and micro caps falling away from this market the most? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Well, Ben, to start off with, interesting enough is as we've said, the rig count actually went up in 
the month of October and it's only really been in the last couple of weeks that we've seen any sign of weakness at all 
and it's been very spotty. I would hesitate to try and generalize at this point about where it is, what size of rigs. I would 
say at this point that from what we've seen, which I don't think is the same as what some of our competitors have seen, 
we have seen some weakness in East Texas and we've seen a little bit of weakness in West Texas. I think the East 
Texas piece of it surprised us a little bit because primarily, that's the area where the Haynesville is driving a lot of 
business. 

In terms of rig sizes, it's been really highly unusual. You might have expected that smaller rigs, less capable rigs might 
be the ones being laid down. To date that's not what we've seen. In our own experience, we've seen some very good 
quality rigs that people are just saying, 'look, I can't continue my program, I am going to have to let that rig go.' But I 
think it's a little too early in the process to really generalize about the type of rigs in some of the markets. To be honest 
with you, we would have probably expected some different markets to show signs of that weakness first and so far 
those markets have held up very, very well. 


<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Okay. Great. And just on the other side of the equation, obviously steel costs have come down, 
construction costs appear to be starting to moderate. Have you seen any signs that the cost of refurbs or new builds in 
the rig market are starting to moderate and if so, by how much? Or when would you expect to see that if it hasn't 
already started? 

<A>: Well, we've seen steel prices recently sort of dropping in the 15 to 20% range. So I think we've seen some of that 
already, I think they will continue to drop. I don't think it has a huge impact on the costs of new build rigs, but it 
probably could be somewhere in the order of magnitude of $1 million on some of these rigs, all in. But I don't think it's 
all washed through the system at this point. 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Douglas Wall>: And I would just add one further thought. So far, in terms of what is being experienced with 
respect to some customers deciding to curtail their rig programs, I think it's very customer specific. And we've seen, as 
we hopefully have indicated both in the press release and in our conference call so far, that our rig count stayed very 
strong and was in fact advancing through most of October, and we think that may be different from some of our 
competitors who may have seen some softness in the count earlier than that related to who their customers are. And 
that's what we're seeing now. And frankly, we think that we may be slightly advantaged going forward as against our – 
some of our customers because of our wider-ranging customer base and what some people have referred to as the 
checkbook customers and we have perhaps a greater representation of those people for whom credit maybe less of an 
issue. 

<Q - Benjamin Dell>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Good morning, gentlemen. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Arun, good to see you. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Yeah. Good talking to you guys. Real quickly, have you seen any impacts to pricing? You 
mentioned that you've seen some rigs getting let go in East Texas and West Texas. What are you seeing in terms of 
pricing? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: To be honest with you, Arun, because the rig counts continued to go up in October, we've 
actually seen our pricing continue to go up somewhat through the month of October. Now having said that, we are 
getting some pressure from certain customers, as Mark indicated before, that are trying to get ahead of the game and 
saying, 'hey look, I can't drill those wells with that price anymore, can you help?' But we really haven't seen any steep 
discounting to this point and again, it's a case-by-case base talking to each individual customer about their needs for the 
next quarter and the rigs they're going to need. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Fair enough. Second question, Mark, doesn't seem like you're getting much credit for the 
dividend policy. If I look to some of your peers in the offshore drilling space, Diamond Offshore has a pretty 
interesting policy where they pay out a dividend based on somewhat of a formula and tend to get a lot of credit in the 
marketplace by being a pretty significant dividend payer. Have you thought about looking at a philosophy or strategy 
that focuses on returning a significant amount of your free cash flow through a dividend policy, given the ying and 
yang and just the difficulty and short cycle nature of the North American land business? Interested in your thoughts on 
that. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Yes. I have given some thought and continue to think about it. I feel that what we have done 
historically where we've invested substantial amounts of capital, our equipment, in new rigs, in upgrading our rig fleet, 
in our pressure pumping business, as well as substantial dollars spent buying back stock and then kind of the remaining, 
in effect, free cash flow going to dividend has been a pretty good policy for generating shareholder return long-term. 


Right now, I agree with you 100% that the market isn't giving us much respect for the dividend but my thought is that 
right now is sort of a poor time to make judgments about stock prices. My own sense right this minute is that there is a 
lot of dislocations in the equity markets and you're seeing a number of securities including ours I think, which are 
wildly mispriced. My hope is that as the message gets through to shareholders and investors that Patterson is a good 
strong company with a great balance sheet no real significant exposure to the current – certain – the credit issues that 
are sort of swamping some other places, that in effect over time people will get the message. You know the old Buffet 
comment about that short-term, the market is a popularity contest and long-term it's a weighing mechanism. I have a 
sort of comfort that long-term, the weighing mechanism trumps the popularity contest. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Fair enough. And last question, is obviously you've – a follow up to Jeff's question, is you've 
added about eight additional rigs in terms of the new build count. Are those – have you ordered the parts for those or 
could those be adjusted given the changing market landscape? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Well, we have placed the orders with National Oilwell for those rigs. And I should point out, 
Arun, that they're scheduled for delivery from National late in the third and fourth quarter of 2009. So at the moment 
we're in line, we have placed the orders, we hope that by that time this market will have corrected itself and this is part 
of a long-term strategy for us in terms of upgrading the quality of our fleet, we're very pleased with what we've done in 
the last couple of years, we think this is just a continuation of that. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay, fair. Thanks a lot guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Drickamer with Morgan Keegan. Please proceed. 

<Q - J. Michael Drickamer>: Hi, good morning guys. I wanted to follow-up on an earlier question where you were 
talking about your customer base. Can you perhaps characterize how your customer base is, perhaps what percentage 
the cheque-book customers you referred to versus how much of perhaps larger independents that have a little more 
access to capital? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: I would say about 50% of our customer base is kind of the cheque-book driller and a good chunk 
of our business would be what I'm going to call the kind of a major independents. If there is one area or segment of our 
customer base that we don't do a lot of work for it tends to be the majors the Shells, the ExxonMobils, the 
ConocoPhillips, that ilk of customer. So, we have a very strong representation throughout the customer base, but I 
would say that the majority of it is with the people like Devon and the EXCOs and the XTOs. And certainly, we 
mentioned the cheque-book drillers before that is a big part of our business. 

<Q - J. Michael Drickamer>: Okay. Mark, a question for you. Given the liquidity concerns of the market, I know you 
guys don't have any debt and you have cash, but how much of a priority is stock buybacks here for you? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: That's a question that as a Board and as management we wrestle with, which is, you know, there's 
a lot of competing good uses of capital. We think that the rigs that we've been building have situated the company in a 
very favorable position. We also think that the buyback is obviously, particularly at these prices is extremely attractive. 
So those are the things which are the priorities, we also think that paying and maintaining our dividend is another 
priority. So these are the things that in effect management is focused on. 

To say which one is a higher priority or to give you a specific dollar amount, I really can't say anything more than, we 
have $129 million authorized on the stock buyback, that's not yet spent. And we have been consistent purchasers of 
stock when we think the opportunities are attractive. 

<Q - J. Michael Drickamer>: Okay. Thanks a lot guys. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Dan Boyd with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Hi, thanks. Of the eight new builds that you ordered this quarter, were any of those backed by 
customer contracts? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: No, they weren't. 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Are you – so I'm assuming you ordered them because you are seeing still demand for those types 
of rigs from customers that are willing to sign contracts? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: Well, we believe that given the delivery schedules – those delivery schedules got pushed out into 
the latter part of 2009. And we thought with those delivery schedules that we needed to be in line to continue on with 
our program. 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Okay. I know. 

<A - Douglas Wall>: I should point out that a couple of years ago, Dan, we ordered 15 rigs, and virtually had no 
commitments for them at that time. So having an additional eight rigs with no commitments presently, we are not 
uncomfortable with that. 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Okay. And then going back to the rate versus utilization question. Given that you did your spend 
some CapEx on reactivating a number of rigs, do you think you might favor utilization a little more than you did in the 
late part of 2007? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: No, I had really – like I say, to respond to what Mark said before, we look at each case on a 
case-by-case basis and decide both of those things, market share and price are very important to us. But we've never 
been a company that is strictly out trying to get market share. We are in business to make money, and you don't pay us 
for how much market share we have, you pay us for the results, and we have to make that balance between price and 
share every day, try and figure out what's best for our shareholders. 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Okay, understood. And then of the rigs that you're seeing, that customers are releasing, are any of 
those in the 1,500 horsepower category? I would assume yes, given that they are in the sort of East Texas area. 

<A - Douglas Wall>: Well, very few of ours, but you're asking specifically about us or what we're


<Q - Daniel Boyd>: I suppose just what you're seeing in the industry as well? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: We've actually been a little surprised, we've seen some competitor's 1,500 horsepower rigs come 
down in certain markets. We've had a couple of ours announced that they will be finished at the end of the current well, 
but in one of those cases we've already got another well for that rig to drill. 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Okay. And then one last question. I think, you mentioned that you felt like the cheque-book E&P 
companies had better access to capital? Did I hear that correctly that they weren't being impacted by the credit crunch? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: Yeah. Basically they drill from cash. 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Okay. I think we just heard some of the guys at least on the 


<A - John Vollmer, III>: Let me give this to you also. I think there's two elements to that. One is that, A, they are in 
effect putting back their cash flow into the ground. And that's the way most of those customers kind of think about their 
business. In effect for every dollar I take out or put back $1 or $0.80 or whatever the number is, but they're putting 
back, in effect their royalty cheques back into the ground and further drilling. So that's the first point. 

Second, and this is a point that I think is perhaps not maybe as well-appreciated. Smaller, regional banks, particularly 
banks in West Texas and other places that are very much energy-related with strong depositor bases are in a position to 
make loans to their customers and are doing so. That's very different from commercial money center banks which are 
finding themselves in a very different situation. 


<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Okay. 

<A - John Vollmer, III>: And I think the press is about the commercial money center banks, not these smaller, local 
banks in certain markets, does that make some sense? 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Yes, it does, and I guess the proper way to think about it, then is your customer base may see a 
little bit longer of a delay, if commodity prices stay low than some of the larger E&P companies that that are having 
credit issues that impact them today? And if commodity prices rebound, your customers shouldn't see the same 
downside that others are seeing. I guess is the... 

<A - John Vollmer, III>: Well, I think that the commodity price affects all customers, the credit issues may affect 
some customers, is what I think I'm trying to say. 

<Q - Daniel Boyd>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Coleman with UBS. Please proceed. 

<Q - Andrew Coleman>: Hey, how is it going? Thanks. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Are you there? 

<Q - Andrew Coleman>: Yes, can you hear me? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Yes. 

<A>: Good morning. 

<Q - Andrew Coleman>: Hi, sorry, yes, they're just having a fire drill on our floor, so, sorry about that. It just started a 
second ago. Anyways I had really three questions. The first is kind of looking a bit more at rig substitution. We've 
heard some operators talk about using lower horsepower or so called spudder rigs, be it in Appalachia or in parts of 
East Texas and perhaps the Fayetteville to try to save rig costs. Are you seeing that across or – it playing a bigger role 
in any of your other business areas? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: No, we really have not seen that. I know there's been a little bit of that going on, I think some of 
that was primarily because they couldn't get a 1,000 or 1,500 horsepower rig, but I really don't think it saves much 
money. The other interesting thing is that, rig costs today are a pretty small proportion of the total cost of getting a well 
drilled and completed. In fact, we've seen some numbers recently that the cost of casing is actually more than the cost 
of the actual drilling rig cost. So to answer your question, we have not seen much of that impact of small rigs coming in 
and doing spudding work ahead of us. 

<Q - Andrew Coleman>: Okay. Thank you then. And then the second question, just looking at your pressure pumping 
business. Do you think that as companies drill less here in the short-term that you'd expect to see or are seeing much of 
an increase in the amount of I guess work-over-work or refrac activity as people go back and try to restimulate and 
keep some of these newer horizontal wells flowing? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: Well, I think there has been very few of the horizontal wells fracked and completed up there at 
this point. But I think it is interesting that market up there has always been a market where there is a lot of refracs, there 
is a lot of ongoing re-completion work. And that's the kind of work that I think actually has slowed down over the last 
12 months because people were so focused on the Marcellus and Huron. We are now starting to see some of that 
traditional work come back into the marketplace because of the slowdown in some of the Marcellus and Huron. And I 
should say that, we plan on doing our first horizontal fracs in the Marcellus here in the month of November and up till 
this point we have not done one of those. But I've said earlier, very few of horizontal fracs have really been completed 
to this point. 


<Q - Andrew Coleman>: Okay. Excellent and my last question is a bit more – I guess kind of more about the going 
back a few more years that looking at what happened in the 2001, 2002 kind of recession here in the U.S., I don't think 
we are say in recession right now, we'll let the economists debates that. Rig count came back about 40% and of course 
this snapped back within really a year and a half, I think largely as a result of the fact that production and growth was 
declining in U.S. How do you think things will kind of roll-forward given that production on the macro level is growing 
at somewhere between probably 2 and 8% depending on which data set you use, and does that offset some of the 
industries discussing 35% first year decline rate as being kind of an equalizing factor and put additional pressure on the 
overall drilling business? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: I think you've asked the $64,000 question which I think a lot of people would love to know the 
answer for and I am kind of reluctant to be someone who tries to answer a question, I think is that is fundamentally 
unanswerable because I don't think anybody really knows but I guess I have a few observations that I'd like to put on 
the table. 

First is that the notion that because there has been a production increase over the past, say, 12 months and I'm not 
looking at a chart so I don't have it in front of me exactly what that period has been. But there has been a period of 
increase. The fact that that occurred doesn't necessarily mean that it will continue and that it's predictably going to 
happen again in future years. It may well be that that increase came about owing to changes in technology for these 
horizontal drills in these shale plays with a stimulation and greater ability to draw the hydrocarbons out of the well, all 
of which may or may not be continuously improvable such that you will get continuous increases. So that's the first 
point. 

I mean the point being, that the presumption that the increase will be sustainable and will happen year-over-year strikes 
me as one of those questions that I don't know there is a lot of basis for that assumption. 

Second, we do know that the decline rates in these newer wells, particularly in the shale plays are very high and so it 
seemed to figure that if in fact, drilling does decline in these areas, for all the reasons we've been discussing, that there 
will be a significant fall off in production. 

Third, what we don't know is the effect and severity of a decline in overall economic activity on demand for gas. But 
we do know that gas is principally used for heating and for electricity and only to a smaller and much lesser extent for 
production of goods and services, so-called industrial uses. Given that fact, and I think the numbers are something on 
the order of three parts home, heating and so on and so forth in one part in effect, industrial, it would seem to figure 
that even if there is a slowdown in overall economic activity, that it would not significantly impact gas usage and gas 
demand. All of which is to say that, we're pretty optimistic that if there is a slowdown in drilling that it will not be a 
prolonged one. 

<Q - Andrew Coleman>: Okay, great. I appreciate your feedback on those. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Daniel with Simmons & Company. Please proceed. 

<Q - John Daniel>: Hey guys just want to touch on customers real quick. Recognizing that a bunch of your customers 
drill out of cash flow, have you encountered any payment issues yet with the customers and have you made any or been 
requested to make any changes on credit terms to customers? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: No John, we haven't. In fact we watch our receivables very, very closely. In fact, they've actually 
improved by a day or so over the last quarter. All of our sales people watch the receivables, we're talking to our 
customers, we have a very thorough credit check policy. We have not to this point seen any change in the behavior of 
our customer base. 

<Q - John Daniel>: Okay. Thanks. That's it from me. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Todd Garman with Peters & Co. Please proceed. 

<Q - Todd Garman>: Good morning. I just want to come back to the 1,500 horsepower rigs here for a second. Is it 
your understanding that the 1,500 horsepower rigs are being released because operators no longer have wells for them 
to drill? Or is it because of the rigs are being replaced with newer rigs that are coming under contract or that are signed 
in term contract? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: I think it's likely the former and it's very customer specific, but we believe it's just because 
they've run out of wells to drill with that rig in that particular area and aren't prepared to move to a different area. 

<Q - Todd Garman>: And do you have a – is the fact they might have run out of inventory in those areas, is it due to 
any permitting issues or is it due to some sort of constraints somewhere along the line, whether they can't get pipe, or is 
it just simply that they don't have money to drill them any more? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: I think it's reduced CapEx or reduced cash flows from those particular fields. It has been very 
field specific to this point and I think there is certainly a commodity price issue at play here. There may be some fields, 
but with 6 and $7 gas people are not prepared to spend their cash there. 

<Q - Todd Garman>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Kober with Bennett Management. Please proceed. 

<Q>: I had to jump off at one point. I'm just wondering if you have kind of, given a target for what your CapEx will be 
in '08 and how is would we spread out over the year. I know it's an uncertain time, but can you talk about guidance on 
CapEx. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: I assume your meaning for 2009. 

<Q>: Yes. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: We've said that – in prior calls we've said that we expected approximately $600 million and we've 
kind of tried to break that down to approximately $80 million of maintenance CapEx for the drilling business, 
approximately $50 million for the pressure pumping business and the balance for our refurbishment program and our 
new rigs. 

Having said all that that's been put forward in prior conference calls and we're just repeating it today. As being what 
we've said, we also said, and we've covered this so I'm being a little quick about this, we also said that we're in the 
process of our yearly budget cycle where we do both operating and capital budgets that would be presented to the 
Board later in the year. And finally approved obviously in light of the current circumstances, we're taking a very hard 
look at discretionary capital and trying to make a careful judgment as to whether that $600 million ought to be adjusted. 
And we'll, as we go forward, we expect to be asked that question at the beginning of the next year on our conference 
call and kind of give you an update at that time. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And at this time there are no further questions in the queue. I will now like to turn the call back over to management for 
any closing remarks. 


Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 

Thank you. We would like to make a couple of just comments. And I'll turn over to John Vollmer about some very 
specific points to perhaps help people and their thinking about our business. John? 

John E. Vollmer, III, Senior Vice President-Corporate Development and Chief 
Financial Officer 

Okay. A couple of items we didn't cover on the call. Our estimate for the tax rate in the fourth quarter would be an 
effective rate of about 35.8% and the rate was slightly lower in the third quarter, we got a little bit of benefit from our 
true up to our prior year tax return when we filed it. 

Another, in terms of pressure pumping business, activity continues to be strong in our Appalachian pressure pumping 
business. But I'd like to remind people that in the fourth quarter we do see typically a seasonal decline as a result of less 
daylight hours and less workdays due to the way Appalachia specifically deals with the Thanksgiving holiday and the 
Christmas holidays. So our guess is that sequentially we have seasonal decline of about 5% revenue versus the third 
quarter. 

However, we think the margins will stay very similar on a percentage basis at somewhere around 40%. The fluids 
business is a little bit difficult to understand in the third quarter given the impact of the hurricane. And our guess there 
is that sequentially revenue will be off about 5%, but that on a margin basis, it'll become a little more like the last first 
quarter at somewhere in the 12 to 13% range. Included in the third quarter numbers for fluids was the $650,000 charge 
related to damage that occurred to our facilities. 

Lastly on the E&P segment, we've benefited like other E&P companies from great commodity prices earlier this year. 
With the decline of those prices, we would expect that our – we'll be down probably 20% somewhere in the 11 million 
or so range in revenue. But that our – cost of that revenue will drop back down towards somewhere in the 25% range. 
And that was it. 

Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 

Thanks John. I'd like to thank all of the participants in today's call for their being on our call and to we look forward to 
our next call in February. Thanks everybody. 

Operator 

Thank you for joining today's conference that concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great 
day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


