Company Name: Patterson-UTI Energy 
Company Ticker: PTEN US 
Date: 2007-05-03 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2007 Patterson-UTI Energy Incorporated earnings 
conference call. My name is Katina and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a 
listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference [Operator 
Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. 

I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Jeff Lloyd, on behalf of Patterson-UTI 
Energy. Please proceed. 

Jeff Lloyd, Investor Relations 

Thank you very much. Good morning. On behalf of Patterson-UTI Energy I would like to welcome all of you to today's 
conference call to discuss the results of the three months ended March 31, 2007. Participating in today's call will be 
Mark Siegel, Chairman; Cloyce Talbott, President and Chief Executive Officer; Doug Wall, Chief Operating Officer; 
and John Vollmer, Chief Financial Officer. 

Just a reminder that statements made in this conference call, which state the company's or management's intentions, 
beliefs, expectations or predictions for the future are forward-looking statements. It's important to note that actual 
results could differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, declines in oil and natural gas prices that could 
adversely affect demand for the company's services and their associated effect on day rates, rig utilization and planned 
capital expenditures, excess availability of land drilling rigs, adverse industry conditions, difficulty in integrating 
acquisitions, demand for oil and natural gas, shortages of rig equipment, and ability to retain management and field 
personnel. 

Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements is contained from time to time in the company's SEC filings, which maybe obtained by 
contacting the company or the SEC. These filings are also available through the company's website at patenergy.com or 
through the SEC's EDGAR system at www.sec.gov. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
forward-looking statements. 

And now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Mark Siegel for some opening remarks to be followed by questions 
and answers. Mark? 

Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 

Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. I hope that by now you've all had an 
opportunity to read our earnings release, which was issued earlier this morning prior to the opening of the market. 
Before responding to your questions, I would like to take a few minutes to review briefly some of the highlights from 
the first quarter ended March 31, 2007. 

To summarize, net income totaled $116 million or $0.73 per share, compared to 159 million or $0.91 per share for the 
comparable three months in 2006. Revenues for the just-completed quarter were 547 million, compared to 598 million 
for the first quarter 2006. 


As we have previously stated, warmer-than-usual temperatures occurred twice in the winter months of calendar 2006. 
Both in the January-March period, and again in the November-December period. This unusually warm weather resulted 
in high levels of natural gas in storage and lower natural gas prices. As a result, customers postponed projects and 
reduced their drilling activities during the first quarter of 2007. 

Our average revenues per operating day during the first quarter were $20,350 compared to $20,760 in the fourth quarter 
of 2006. The decrease in operating days, costs associated with deactivating drilling rigs, and the retention of skilled 
personnel resulted in our average direct cost per operating day increasing to $10,720 compared to $9,940 for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2006. 

During the quarter, we had an average of 255 rigs operating, including 243 in the U.S. and 12 in Canada. This 
compares to a total of 290 rigs operating, including 278 in the U.S. and 12 in Canada in the fourth quarter of 2006. 

Natural gas prices improved as colder winter weather, that began in mid-January of 2007, resulted in increased demand 
for natural gas and a decline in natural gas in storage. We continue to expect the combination of decreased drilling 
activity, along with the high production decline rates for many existing wells, will reduce the natural gas supply and 
require increased drilling activity to avoid a shortfall of natural gas. 

We have seen the first signs of spring in our land drilling business as our rig count in the United States has begun to 
increase in recent weeks. Although it is too early to call this recent uptick a trend, we do note this apparent change in 
direction from a bottom of 225 rigs running per day in the U.S. in early April. 

Our expectations for the second quarter are for approximately 235 rigs to be running per day on average in the U.S., 
with a decline in average daily drilling margins of approximately $1,300. Based on our historical experience, the 
downward trend in revenue will likely continue for at least a quarter following the up-trend in activity. We believe that 
this U.S. downturn will prove to have been modest in both severity and duration. 

The Canadian drilling market experienced an early spring break-up, remains weak and the near-term outlook remains 
bearish. 

Consistent with our strategy over the last four years, during this quarter we reinvested $176 million in our businesses 
and we continued our four-year program of upgrading our rig fleet with an investment during the quarter of $153 
million in land drilling. In anticipation of increased demand later in 2007, we expect to add a total of approximately 15 
new or like-new drilling rigs to our marketable fleet during the year. 

Lastly, the company has increased its quarterly cash dividend on its common stock to $0.12 per share, to be paid to 
holders of record as of June 14, 2007 and will be paid on June 29, 2007. This marks our third yearly increase in our 
dividend and reflects our continued confidence in the North American land drilling business and our other businesses. 
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet, and as of March 31, 2007, we had $268 million in working capital and 
zero dollars drawn on our line of credit. These results would not have been possible without the hard work and 
dedication of all of our people in each of our business units, and we want to thank them for all of their efforts. 

At this point, I would like to open the call up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you for that presentation. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Marshall Adkins 
representing Raymond James. Please proceed. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Good morning, guys. You talked about you put another 150 million to work in land rigs. 
Give me some flavor on what you're doing to upgrade the fleet, number one, and number two I guess is part of that, 
we've laid down a lot of rigs here. How many of those rigs do you think just go away eventually, in other words they're 
in too bad a condition to put money into an upgrade? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Marshal, we don't think any of our rigs are going to go away. None of our rigs are in such bad 
condition that they would be replaced. What has happened in the industry is very typical of what usually happens in a 
downturn, is first your shallow rigs shut down and then your deep rigs shut down, the 2,000 horsepower and greater. 
That's where you have the most pressure. To tell you what we're doing in upgrading our equipment, we are putting 


some top guys on some rigs, we're putting iron rough necks on, we will have put iron rough necks on almost 2,00 rigs 
by the time this year is out. We're continuing to do that, putting hydraulic slips on them. And then on the rigs that we 
are upgrading, we're putting 13,000 to 1,600 horsepower mud pumps on them. The mud pumps are one of the big 
factors now with so much horizontal and directional drilling, and with the new technology in bits you just almost have 
to have minimum of 1,000 horsepower pumps, and a lot of the people are wanting 13- to 1600 horsepower pumps 
particularly where you're drilling along the laterals and with the polycrystalline beds. That's the typical things we are 
doing and we have replaced many mud systems, we have some of the highest quality mud systems in the industry and 
we will have added over a 100 of those to our 300 rigs, but we've already done that and we'll add more this year to our 
rig fleet. That's kind of what is going on. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: There's obviously perception -- a lot of brand new rigs, these quote unquote high efficiency 
rigs out there. How far away -- as you put money into these rigs, how far away are these refurbed rigs from all of the 
new-gen rigs, land rigs? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Marshall, what we are seeing is there's not a lot of difference. We're rigging up a brand new rig 
and we're going to have some really good numbers to compare it with, but we have quite a bit of comparison already. 
And you know you have different rigs in different areas and sometimes you put these high tech rigs into areas that they 
don't work very well in, and so you got to be careful when you say all high tech rigs are great for certain areas, but what 
we're seeing is -- what we're doing to our rigs, we compete very well, in fact, beat lots of times, what we call the brand 
new high-tech rigs. There's not a lot of difference in them. Primarily, it's sub structures and derricks that are different. 
Most all of the new like our NOV rigs that have top drives on them so that's one difference. We don't have top drives 
on all of our upgrades but we're adding top drives because our customers are demanding it. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: All right. Well last question and I'll turn it over to someone else, Mark, I believe I heard 
correctly that you're looking at another sequential decline of 1,300 a day in daily margins, which is a little better than 
we were thinking. Going into the third quarter. I understand our visibility out that far isn't real good, decline again there 
and any rough sense of magnitude, and again, I understand it's a crap shoot at this stage to see where it bottoms. But 
can you give us your thoughts on that? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Marshal, let me turn that to John and maybe comment additionally on what he says. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Marshal, we look past the second quarter, third, as you know our visibility isn't great as we get 
out beyond a quarter, but our take is that margins will not decrease as much in the third quarter and guess somewhere, 
maybe $800 a day. We think that a combination of similar decline in revenue, but we think our expenses may come 
down a little bit from the second to the third quarter as we have more rigs active. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: And the third quarter most likely being the bottom, obviously if gas continues to do what it's 
doing and the trends continue as you're seeing them now , third quarter kind of bottom at that day-rate deterioration? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yeah, if you look at the various upturns over the last ten years I think what you'd find is that first 
thing that happens is the rig count stabilizes and begins to move back up and a quarter after that you start to see the 
margins begin to expand a little bit. So, we don't know yet, but we saw 225 rig counts in early April and it's moved up 
from there. If gas prices hold and that trend continues, we would expect that our rig count would be a bit higher in the 
third quarter, maybe 250 rigs or something like that. And as you go towards year-end, pricing should firm up. 

<Q - Marshall Adkins>: Very helpful, guys, thanks. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we have Arun Jayaram representing Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Good morning, gentlemen. Mark, I was wondering how you're responding. You do have quite a 
few rigs laid down. How are you responding competitively and are you doing anything on the pricing front where you 
can help us stimulate some demand for your rigs? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Arun, I think we've been very clear in terms of our activity, kind of our behavior says it all, in 
which we thought it was more valuable for our company to protect price and to give up share in the downturn. That's 


historically what we have done in 2002. So it's very much kind of the strategy that we've pursued. We think that makes 
some sense to us. We believe that we could have a significantly higher percentage utilization now if we were willing to 
give up more margin. That's not directionally what we think is best for our company. So we're being willing to give up 
that incremental pricing to maintain, or give up that incremental utilization to maintain pricing. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Right. Okay. So you're losing little market share but holding onto your pricing? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: We think so. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay. And second question, in Canada obviously a little bit of a surprise with your rig days. 
Mark, what do you think we need to see in Canada in terms of re-stimulating demand? Is this service cost pricing or are 
customers just going to wait to see what happens on gas prices? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: My instinct on Canadian market right this minute is that the Canadians are waiting for the end of 
breakup, which has been later and more delayed then. And so in effect the road rules that have historically had to be 
lifted before rigs can go back to work is one factor which is causing the market to be as weak as it, but another factor is 
clearly the perception of the relationship between F&D costs and the overall price of the commodity. As we've gotten 
closer to $8, though it looks pretty darn attractive from my perspective. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay. Then last question, gentlemen, your margin's about 96.40 in the quarter. What are some 
of the margins you're seeing on some of the new builds as you get those out and operating in the field relative to that 
96.40? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Arun, we don't have any of the NOV new builds out yet. First one will come out in July. 

<Q - Arun Jayaram>: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot guys. 

Operator 

With the next question we have Ian Macpherson representing Simmons & Company. Please proceed. 

<Q - Ian Macpherson>: Hey, good morning. Mark, I guess, I was wondering as it relates to your activity level forecast 
for the quarter, nothing happened in Canada in April. So, where do see your Canadian rig count unfolding over the next 
three to six months given I'd say a structurally challenged near-term situation there than in the lower 48? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Ian, we have relatively low expectations built into the number that we gave you for rigs running or 
expected rigs running. The 235 rigs for second quarter has in it a relatively small number for Canada. Recognizing that, 
as you obviously correctly observed, our release this morning showed zero rigs running for the month of April. So 
that's kind of where we're cautiously optimistic about the U.S. market. We think that we had gone from kind of bearish 
to cautiously optimistic in the U.S. market. The Canadian situation is harder to read because of breakup kind of 
coinciding with this period in which gas prices had been challenging and have just recently recovered. So, I think it is 
kind of -- for us it's difficult to get a real good handle on it and to be super-bullish about it at this point. So we're kind 
of watching it with uncertainty, I think is the best way to put it. 

<Q - Ian Macpherson>: Okay. Thanks for that. If I can just do a quick follow-up here. With your guidance for the 
second quarter margin down an estimated 1,300 a day, can you split that out between what's happening with the day 
rates and what's happening with your costs? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: John, you want to do that? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yes, we think most of it would fall in day rates. 

<Q - Ian Macpherson>: Okay. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Possibly similar quarter-to-quarter. 

<Q - Ian Macpherson>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Kurt Hallead will have the next question representing RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Hey, good morning. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Hey, Kurt. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Yes. From my front here, the rig stuff is what it is. How should we think about the fluids and 
pressure pumping business? In the pressure pumping, are you guys typically impacted by some seasonality up in 
Appalachia? Looks like the first quarter came in pretty strong on that front. So I just was wondering if you could give 
us some color on what is going on with fluids and pressure pumping as we move forward? 

<A - John Vollmer>: On the pressure pumping side, we do not think that we're going to see a significant effect from 
breakup in Appalachia. Revenues we think will be down a little bit but activity has remained pretty strong up there and 
so have margins. In terms of fluid, we're a small business in drilling fluids and we work with a shorter list of customers. 
Our customers have been a bit less active over the first quarter, and I think running at similar levels over the next few 
quarters is about as good a visibility as we have. It could be better than that but right now we think we'll remain 
somewhere in the 30 to $35 million of revenue per quarter. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: And have you guys already thought about CapEx for the year? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Yes, I don't think there's really any change from what we talked about on our last call. It's 
somewhere in the 600 to $650 million on CapEx for the year. We're -- as Mark indicated earlier, we don't think that the 
downturn in activity is going to be long-lived and gas prices have firmed up over the last several months. So, what we 
strive to do is be ready to put the full marketable fleet to work when the demand is there. So, we continue to finish our 
refurb program. And we are putting together the first of the new rigs, and add that up it's somewhere in the 6 to 650 
range. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: And as we look out beyond '07, and assuming that activity does pick up a tad going out into 
2008, is there any significant requirement on your part for additional CapEx or can we expect CapEx to go down in '08 
versus '07. How should we think about that? 

<A - John Vollmer>: We're not making significant commitments for '08 because there's no need to. We don't like to 
commit until we need to commit. At this point, we are to put together one of the new rigs, the other 14, we're at this 
moment holding off because we don't wish to put them out there in a softer market. We could significantly reduce our 
CapEx in '08 if we chose to, given we haven't made commitments but we'll wait and watch the markets and make that 
decision when we need to. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Right. I guess maybe if I was to ask the question just slightly differently and say that if activity 
were to pick up in the 5 to 10% range from where we are now going out into '08, would you need to increase your 
CapEx or have your refurbs and the new builds you have in process. Would you need to really raise your CapEx 
anymore to capture --? 

<A - John Vollmer>: No, I don't think so. We have 321 rigs today that are currently marketable and ready to work 
when customers are ready to get more active, we also have another 20 rigs in Canada. So, the way we describe the fleet 
now is based on what is currently marketable and those are ready to run. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Okay. Great. Thanks. 

<A - John Vollmer>: With another, I believe, nine that will occur this year that will also be added to that. 

<Q - Kurt Hallead>: Okay. Great. That's it for me. Thanks. 

<A - John Vollmer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Geoff Kieburtz representing Citigroup. Please proceed. 


<Q>: It's [inaudible] for Geoff Kieburtz, how are you? Quick question, can you talk a little bit more on the cost side on 
rigs, particularly with employee retention --? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Excuse me, could you speak up just a little bit, please? 

<Q>: Is that better, guys. 

<A>: Yes. 

<A>: Yes. 

<Q>: Okay. Sorry about that. Can you talk a little bit more on the cost side as far as the rigs go, and particularly 
employees? I know that you guys I think had said originally you were starting to lay some people off and you are 
guiding costs sort of flat from quarter to quarter. Why wouldn't we see that come off a little bit with some layoffs, or is 
there a little bit more cost related to putting some rigs down, or what's the situation there? 

<A - John Vollmer>: There's really two factors. I don't think I can perfectly break them out for you but when you're 
stacking rigs the price of protecting price in effect is that you have to demobilize the rigs. Some number of them you're 
going to move to a location where you aren't going to be paid for that move. The other thing that you want to do to 
maintain those rigs as currently marketable, you're going to go through procedures to ensure that they'll be ready to 
come back quickly. Any minor or more major repairs that you feel like you'll need to bring the rig back promptly, you 
go and take care of. And those things have some costs. At the same time you're maintaining your most skilled 
personnel, so that when people are ready to work you have the tool pushers and what not to put them out. That is, has 
historically been the price of maintaining market share and that's what we've done. Then when you go to reactivate the 
rigs, you have a similar situation where your costs will tend to stay a little higher then they would be if you were 
running at high level utilization because you've got to bring the crews in and in effect get the rigs back out there. So, we 
had a little bit higher costs in the first quarter. We're not maintaining all of the people, just the most skilled people. As 
rigs begin to reactivate, as we think they will over the next couple of quarters, that will keep our costs a bit higher for a 
period of time and then the cost per day should decline. 

<Q>: Okay and just on the pressure pumping side. I mean, clearly things are apparently fairly strong and looks like 
pricing held up pretty well with maybe some modest up tick in the quarter. How do you see things going forward in 
terms of the pricing side? Do you see some incremental pricing power there or --? 

<A - John Vollmer>: I don't know that we see incremental pricing at this point in time, but the Appalachian market 
where we operate has been very strong, and we expect it to continue to be very strong. I don't think I would venture that 
over the next couple of quarters we will see meaningful movement in pricing either direction. Do you agree with that? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: I agree with that. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Mike Urban representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 

<Q - Michael Urban>: Thanks, good morning. Was wondering with Doug coming on if he had any plans to draw on 
some of his expertise in some of his background previously to either expand in some of the existing, non-drilling 
service lines or potentially get into some new businesses? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: I'll respond first and then see if Doug wants to add to that response. I think we're delighted to have 
Doug join us. We think he brings to us vast experience both in the land drilling business and in other segments of the 
oil services industry, plus a lot of management experience as well just overall. So Cloyce and I and John and the 
balance of the rest of the team are thrilled to have him join us. So I guess that's the first point of the answer. The second 
point of the answer is that we have always been looking for good opportunities. With Doug's more complete portfolio 
of experience, I think the range of potential activities and potential opportunities for us has been expanded and over the 
course of the next several months, I suspect he will want to look at them, but Doug has been with us now I guess a total 
of about three weeks. This is his fourth week so it's a little early, I guess to be getting too deeply involved in a specific 
transaction, but with that, let me turn it over to Doug and see if you want to add anything to that. 


<A - Douglas Wall>: Thanks, Mark. Mike, we – certainly, I think it is a little too early to say much more then what 
Mark has already said. I will say this, we have recently been looking at some international opportunity, but I think it's 
way too premature for us to comment much beyond that, but as Mark said, I think in the future, certainly it's an area of 
our business that we think we can grow, and we do think there's some opportunities in the marketplace that we will be 
looking at. 

<Q - Michael Urban>: And again, I understand completely that it's early on. But as you look at some of the 
international opportunities, would that be something where you would take rigs and maybe potentially bundle some 
services along with that, just rigs, just services? Or we're still too early on all of the above? 

<A - Douglas Wall>: Well, I think it's too early to comment. I think it could be any or all of the above. Let's say we are 
just -- I think there's lots of opportunities in the international markets. There's other opportunities in other business 
segments, and over the next year or so, we're certainly going to be looking at those opportunities and hope to take 
advantage of some of them. 

<Q - Michael Urban>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Kevin Pollard, representing JPMorgan. Please proceed. 

<Q - Kevin Pollard>: Thanks, good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but I did want to dive into 
the pricing question a little bit more. You've talked about your expectation on day rates and all of that is, I think, pretty 
visible, but what are you seeing on sort of the ancillary charges, for lack of a better word, like stand-by rates, 
mobilization, per diems, things like that that might impact margins in a little bit less visible way to us? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: When markets experience downward pressure, the price negotiation takes many forms, and we're 
experiencing our customers pushing back on price in lots of different areas including, as you correctly noticed, in day 
rates, but as well as in mobilization stand-by and other kinds of fees. I think that this is one of those situations in which 
the opportunity to give customers value, which is obviously the most important thing that a supplier company such as 
ours could do, is what, in effect, wins the day. And so we're trying to provide to our customers a level of service, both 
in terms of drilling service as well as rig moving and the other things which we provide, at such a high level that we 
can continue to generate significant margins from it, but you're correct in observing that there's pressure in that area, 
particularly mobilization charges and to some extent, standby. 

<Q - Kevin Pollard>: Is that something you would expect to persist even after sort of the main day rate started to 
stabilize? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: My own perception of this, and I'll throw it to Cloyce and to Doug, if they want to add something 
to this, is that, as the industry finds that rigs have gone back to work, then that is the moment at which in effect, the 
pricing equation becomes more favorable to the contractor and we're able to get better terms throughout, both on day 
rate and as well on mobilization. And so I expect that as day rates improve, so do mobilization stand-by charges and the 
like, and I would not think that one would do significantly better than the other. Cloyce? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: I agree with that analysis. 

<Q - Kevin Pollard>: Okay. If I could switch gears just a second, you said you have about 321 marketable rigs. That's 
close to a 100 more than are working or you expect to be working this quarter... 

<A - Mark Siegel>: 321 US, an additional 20 in Canada, total 341. 

<Q - Kevin Pollard>: Right. I guess my question is how many of those rigs -- presumably you don't have a crew on all 
of those rigs, so I'm wondering how many rigs above what you're working, do you have crews available for that you 
could put out shortly. What would be sort of the timetable at which you could adequately staff all that equipment and 
redeploy it in the event of a demand upturn? 

<A - Cloyce Talbott>: Well, we always have 10 or 15 crews available to work on rigs, but from our experience in the 
last upturn, I think it's going to be much easier in this upturn to staff the crews. We're paying so much more money for 
our crews today than we were in 2002, 2001, 2002 and 3. Yes, it is always -- labor is always a problem, but I don't 
think it's going to be near as difficult ramping back up from the level where we're today, compared to what we did in 


the last downturn. 

<Q - Kevin Pollard>: Okay, I think that's all I had. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of James Wicklund, representing Spinnerhawk. Please proceed. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: Hi, guys. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Jim. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: A follow-on I guess to Kevin Pollard's question. I slept through most of my economics class in 
college. But I understand that rates will stabilize but with all of the private equity in rigs being built, don't you want to 
hit an equilibrium level of day rates, or do you expect day rates, as the rig count comes back, which it will do later this 
year, do you think day rates and margins will come back to where they were a couple of quarters ago? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Jim, one of things about this industry is equilibrium has not been its highlight. The short answer to 
the question is that we believe that with the change from 10,000 wells per year being drilled to more then 30,000 wells 
per year being drilled, we see that we think there's, again, going to be a shortage experienced of rigs as, in effect, we 
overcome this unusual weather that occurred twice in 2006. 

So our expectations could be for a significant uptick in the business and with that, we think there will be an uptick in 
price. So, no, I don't see equilibrium obtaining in the marketplace. And in respect of your comment about private equity 
building a lot of rigs, kind of my anecdotal evidence is that there may have been some appetite to build some rigs 
before the downturn, and there maybe some rigs still being built as a carryover from that in mid to '06, but as the end of 
'06 occurred, and throughout '07 as those people found themselves building rigs into a soft market, I think that there's 
been a decline in private equity's interest. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: I agree, Mark, I'm talking more about the private equity that's gone into the company that's build 
rigs. 

<A - Mark Siegel>: Finely speaking, Jim, I kind of think that ultimately if you're going to go from 10,000 wells per 
year to 30,000 wells per year, a couple of 100 additional rigs per year into the marketplace is exactly what the market 
needs. 

<Q - Jim Wicklund>: I agree. Okay. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Alan Laws representing Merrill Lynch. Please 
proceed. 

<Q - Alan Laws>: Good morning. I see the pattern that using for the decline in margin versus say the last cycle. I just 
wonder given that forecast for flat or slow growth coming into the third quarter how you're basically forecasting 
something like a $7,500-a-day margin, and with lots on the fence waiting to come to work, 100 of your own and new 
builds continuing to come into the market, I don't really see how $800 in the third quarter will be the last down drop in 
the margin. Can explain why you think 7500 is the level where it can normalize at? 

<A - John Vollmer>: Alan, we seldom say anything beyond the coming quarter, because frankly, we don't have a lot 
of visibility. Our view has been pretty consistent that we have a number of rigs down, we know that Nabors last 
indicated they had 60-plus down. With that number of rigs not running, we believe gas production will not only cease 
to grow but will, in effect, decline. If you look at the EEI 914 reports are starting to support that. 

Gas prices are starting to indicate that we may be correct in our view and in effect, we think that if the industry doesn't 
get back to work, there will be a shortage in natural gas. If you take all of that together, we believe more rigs are going 
to be running as time passes here, and that helps pricing. We have been pursuing maintaining reasonable pricing for our 
services rather than pursuing high utilization, and I would expect we would continue to do that. So as more rigs go to 
back to work, we would think that pricing would firm up and then followed by increases. 


<Q - Alan Laws>: So at $7,500 a day, you think that will just get you a couple of hundred rigs a year, and we will all 
be able to put all of those rigs back to work? That's what you're saying? 

<A - Mark Siegel>: I think more what we're saying is that following the third quarter, we would expect to see, in 
effect, a change in direction in terms of margin. 

<A - John Vollmer>: First stabilizing and then as the market tightens up, increasing in pricing. 

<Q - Alan Laws>: Okay. Appreciate the answers, guys. Thank you. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the presentation back to Mr. Mark Siegel for 
closing remarks. 

Mark S. Siegel, Chairman 

We want to thank everybody for their participation in our call this morning and for their interest in our company and 
again to thank our employees for their contributions and dedicated hard work. With that we'll say goodbye and look 
forward to speaking to all of you next quarter. 

Operator 

Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation, you may now disconnect. 
Good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


