Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 


• Dr Paul E. Jacobs 
• William E. Keitel 
• Steve Mollenkopf 
• Steven Altman 
• John Gilbert 
Other Participants 

• Maynard Um 
• Peter Karazeris 
• Ittai Kidron 
• Tim Long 
• Mark McKechnie 
• Ehud Gelblum 
• James Faucette 
• Paul Jacobs 
• Tim Luke 
• T. Michael Walkley 
• David Wong 
• Mike Alexander 
• Brian Modoff 
• Kulbinder Garcha 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

John Gilbert 

GAAP and Non GAAP Financial Measures 

During this conference call if we use any non-GAAP financial measures as defined by the SEC and Regulation G, you 
can find the required reconciliations to GAAP on our website 

Dr Paul E. Jacobs 

Business Highlights 

I’m very pleased with the performance of our business this past year, particularly the strong execution of our chipset 
business and our successful settlement with Nokia 

While we continue to see strong growth in 3G CDMA, the current macroeconomic conditions and potential for further 
economic slowdown creates an uncertain business environment for the next few quarters 


Before I comment further on our business going forward, I would like to highlight what was a very successful FY2008 
for Qualcomm 

We had three important transitions in our executive team this past quarter 

I’m very pleased to welcome Len Lauer as COO, Steve Mollenkopf as President of QCT, and Derek Aberle as 
President of QTL. 

• 
We look forward to their continued contribution and leadership in these new roles 
FY 

• 
FY2008, we achieved record pro forma revenues, up 25% y-over-y; record pro forma EPS, up 12% y-over-y; and 
our operating cash flow remained strong at 32% of revenues 
• 
Our fourth fiscal quarter includes revenues and EPS related to our completion of the settlement and license 
agreements with Nokia 
• 
In addition, the quarter also includes impairments of our marketable securities portfolio that are related to the 
impact of the recent disruption in the financial markets 
• 
The GAAP y-over-y comparison is also affected by a one-time tax benefit in Q4 FY 2007 
• 
As of the end of October, out of a total treasury portfolio of approximately $13B, we had approximately 1.3B in 
net unrealized losses on marketable securities which could result in additional impairments if financial markets 
do not improve 
• 
These potential impairments are excluded from our guidance as global financial markets are too volatile to 
predict in the near term 
Portfolio 

• 
Over the last year, we have consciously improved the defensive posture of our portfolio, including a significant 
movement from equities to short-term debt 
• 
And in addition, the recent $2.5B payment from Nokia has been placed in short-term instruments 
• 
Bill Keitel will comment in more detail on our investment strategy, but we remain very well positioned with a 
strong balance sheet and operating cash flow 
• 
In fact, this FY, we returned a record $2.65B of capital to our stockholders through our dividend and stock 
repurchase programs 
• 
And through the end of FY2008, we have returned over $9.2B of capital to our stockholders 
Key Business Highlights 

• 
Some of our key business highlights in FY2008 include a record 336mm CDMA baseband chips shipped by 
QCT, an increase of 33% from the prior year 
• 
QCT also achieved important product and technical milestones that Steve Mollenkopf will cover in more detail 
later in the call 
• 
In our licensing business, we completed our settlement and licensing agreements with Nokia, which we believe 
will benefit both our companies and the broader wireless industry for years to come 

• 
We now have over 155 licensees including over 95 WCDMA and TD-SCDMA licensees 
• 
We also continue to make progress in signing single-mode OFDMA licensees and now have eight royalty 
bearing single-mode OFDMA licensees including with Nokia and one other major handset OEM. 
Technical Leadership 

• 
We continued our technical leadership with implementation of base station interference cancellation to 
significantly improve the uplink performance of CDMA networks 
• 
This innovative feature will be available in upcoming EV-DO CSM products in 2009 
• 
Just a few weeks ago, Telstra in Australia announced it performed HSPA+ interoperability testing on their 
networks using our HSPA+ chipset solution 
• 
With respect to LTE, our R&D efforts continue to remain on track with plans to sample our multi-mode 3G LTE 
chips in Q2 2009 
Outlook 

FY2009 

• 
Turning to FY2009, we anticipate the challenging global economic environment will impact our business and 
industry as well as many other companies around the world 
• 
I thought it would be helpful to share how we were thinking about the business prior to the recent unprecedented 
events 
• 
This past August, our internal planning process driven by our views of the global macro environment at that 
time yielded a pro forma EPS target of approximately $2.60 per share for FY2009 
• 
However, since that time and specifically during the last several weeks, we have received information from 
our customers and industry partners that have led us to lower our estimate substantially 
• 
We’re seeing a very significant contraction in channel inventory which is impacting demand for our chipsets 
• 
Our chipset shipment estimate for Q1 FY2009 is 60 to 65mm units, down from 86mm in the previous quarter 
Current Economic Environment 

• 
We’ve incorporated a significant amount of information in our modeling efforts, including comparing the current 
economic environment to previous downturns, such as the downturn and resulting rebound in 2001 
• 
Our current view is that the reduced inventory levels projected are not sustainable and therefore, we are 
forecasting a modest recovery of inventory levels in H2 
• 
While we are estimating strong growth for CDMA-based devices in CY2009 driven by a shift to emerging 
markets, this growth is less than we would have forecast several weeks ago 
• 
We’re also expecting the average selling prices of CDMA-based devices to drop below $200 as a result of the 
emerging market growth as well as the impact of a strengthening dollar in some markets 
• 
While we expect our operating expenses to grow in FY2009, it is at a significantly lower rate than previous 
years and is primarily due to the carryover of resources added in FY2008 

• 
We have built a very strong research and development team and believe we can leverage our past investments to 
address the market opportunities ahead while also continuing to invest to outpace our competitors 
New Resources 

• 
Specifically, we put in place a cap on new resources for FY2009 
• 
In order to manage to this cap, we have worked across the company to prioritize our investments and move 
resources among projects 
• 
This has been and will continue to be an ongoing process 
• 
The highest profile example is the cancellation of our UMB commercial development and reallocation of those 
resources into accelerating LTE and LTE Advanced 
Strategic Investments 

• 
We will continue to make strategic investments in long-term programs to capitalize on opportunities we see in 
new geographies, with new partners, in new devices such as mobile computing and network consumer 
electronics, and in new applications of wireless technologies 
• 
As the market leader, we can adapt to the changing economic conditions and make the appropriate investments to 
enhance our leadership in the marketplace and emerge from these challenging times in a stronger competitive 
position 
Current Economic Conditions 

• 
Despite the current economic conditions, we continue to remain positive about the future of 3G. 
• 
According to the CDG and the GSA, there are over 500 CDMA-based 3G networks that have been launched as of 
October 2008 and operators continue to deploy HSUPA and EV-DO Revision A. 
• 
Over 800 HSDPA devices and over 525 EV-DO devices have been introduced into the market cumulatively 
• 
In addition, nearly 100 HSUPA devices and over 90 EV-DO Revision A devices have been introduced for 
subscribers to utilize the latest in mobile broadband networks 
Broad 3G Network Deployments 

• 
As a result of the broad 3G network deployments and wide variety of feature rich and competitively priced 
devices worldwide, 3G subscribers grew 33% y-over-y according to Wireless Intelligence 
• 
As of September, there were over 705mm 3G subscribers and it’s forecasted that this number will grow to 1.6B 
by 2012 
• 
In addition, Strategy Analytics estimates that for the December to June quarters, the total handset market grew 
14% y-over-y 
• 
But in particular, CDMA-based handset unit shipments grew 27% y-over-y compared to just 9% growth for 
GSM 
• 
While we are seeing some trends emerge as a result of the economic climate such as inventory contraction, 
operators reevaluating their device subsidy strategies, and lower replacement rates, there are also many 
positive trends 

Markets 

• 
In developed markets, we continue to see strong demand for smart phones and connectivity for computing 
devices 
• 
Data revenues continue to represent a key growth driver for operators as consumers’ appetite for Internet 
access, multimedia messaging, and value-added services increase 
• 
In developing markets where 3G has been deployed, we are seeing 3G help serve unmet demand for 
broadband access 
• 
The world’s two largest wireless markets, China and India, represent significant growth opportunities for 3G 
• 
Once 3G licenses are assigned and networks are deployed, we expect technology competition between 
operators and consumer demand for mobile broadband will benefit the industry and our business 
Closing Remarks 

In the difficult economic conditions we’re facing today, we will likely witness companies cut back on R&D 
investments or look to exit businesses to compensate for lack of scale or traction 

Our scale, solid balance sheet, and strong operating cash flow provides us the unique ability to continue to improve our 
technology leadership and competitive positioning that will further drive earnings growth as we exit this downturn 

• 
We will provide further updates and additional details at our Analyst Day in New York on Thursday, November 
13, and we look forward to seeing you there 
Steve Mollenkopf 

Q4 Highlights 

This has been an excellent quarter and a great year for QCT 
I would like to share the highlights 
We shipped approximately 86mm chipsets in Q4 FY2008, representing a 26% increase y-over-y 
For the entire FY, we delivered a record 336mm chipsets, which represents 33% growth from FY2007 
QCT’s FY2008 revenues were also at record levels for the year and reflects growth of approximately 27% over 

FY2007 
Our forecast assumes our MSM shipments for the next few quarters will be impacted by a significant contraction in 
channel inventory 

• 
We believe this inventory contraction is driven by the current macroeconomic conditions and not a shift of 
market share 
CDMA2000 Product Portfolio 

• 
Our CDMA2000 product portfolio continues to perform well, with the volume being helped by our high end 
MSM7000 Series chipsets 
• 
This trend also helped QCT to maintain consistent average ASPs in a price competitive environment 

• 
CDMA2000 EV-DO shipments increased 8% sequentially and 19% on an annual basis for the FY2007 to 
FY2008 
• 
Our QSC single-chip solutions for CDMA2000 are making strong inroads in emerging markets 
• 
More than 20 customers have launched over 50 handset models 
• 
We expect our single-chip customers to launch over 30 more new handset models in the near future 
• 
Finally, we shipped a record number of CSM base station channels this past quarter, which indicates the 
CDMA2000 ecosystem that we expect will continue to expand 
UMTS Products 

• 
Our UMTS products also continue to gain traction as we solidify our strong position with WCDMA, HSPA, and 
HSPA+ technologies 
• 
Our UMTS shipments grew by 11% over the previous quarter and more than doubled in FY2008 as compared to 
2007 
• 
Market traction for our single-chip UMTS products continues to be strongly driven by worldwide migration of 
2G users to 3G. 
• 
There are currently 31 handsets in design by over 10 customers based on our QSC solutions 
• 
Our MDM 8200 product for HSPA+ will be used for trials by multiple network operators around the world, and 
we made the world’s first HSPA+ data call using that chipset this past summer 
Smart Phone Market 

• 
The smart phone market segment continues to grow and we are experiencing strong traction for our dual core 
solutions across multiple software platforms such as Windows Mobile, Android, and Linux 
• 
This past quarter, our close collaboration with the Open Handset Alliance to enable support for Android on 
our dual core chipsets came to fruition with the launch of the T-Mobile G1 
• 
The G1 is the first Android-based handset to become available and is based on our MSM7201 chipset 
• 
Likewise, Sony Ericsson recently launched the Experia Windows Mobile smart phone in several European 
markets 
• 
This device represents our first UMTS design with Sony Ericsson in commercial production 
Handset Manufacturing Partners 

• 
We continue to work very closely with our handset manufacturing partners to bring additional Android and 
Windows Mobile handsets to market 
• 
We are pleased with the progress we have made in gaining share in WCDMA and our addressable market has 
recently expanded 
• 
While we believe we are well positioned to win new business in the future, winning new business with 
manufacturers who have an entrenched chip supplier is a lengthy process 
Laptops and Snapdragon Platform 


• 
Laptops with QCT’s Gobi module delivering embedded 3G connectivity are now commercially available to 
customers 
• 
Five leading laptop manufacturers, Acer, Dell, HP, Lenovo, and Panasonic have announced their plans to use 
Gobi with several models already available for purchase today 
• 
Meanwhile, the number of network operators who have certified Gobi also continues to grow with AT&T 
announcing this past quarter that they have certified Gobi notebooks for their network 
• 
Progress continues for our Snapdragon platform 
• 
Our expanding customer base is composed of many non-traditional wireless players who are new to QCT and 
new to the wireless space 
• 
We are looking to enhance our Snapdragon roadmap and we’ll provide further information on our plans for 
Snapdragon in the coming weeks 
Closing Remarks 

FY2008 has been a very successful year for QCT and we have reached many product and business milestones 

I believe the fundamental strategies that have brought QCT this far, technology leadership, focus and scale in wireless, 
and investing in a product portfolio across multiple technologies, will help us continue our success in the future 

• 
I look forward to meeting many of you next week in New York 
William E. Keitel 

Financial Highlights 

Performance 

• 
I’ll begin with a review of our results 
• 
GAAP earnings for FY2008 were approximately $3.2B and revenues increased 26% to a record $11.1B. 
• 
Pro forma earnings for FY2008 grew 12% to a record $2.25 per share and pro forma net income grew 10% to a 
record $3.7B. 
• 
Pro forma operating income grew approximately 27% y-over-y to a record $4.6B. 
• 
Pro forma net investment income was $80mm for FY2008, down significantly y-over-y due to $502mm charge in 
other than temporary impairments offset by 582mm of other investment income 
• 
$327mm of these impairments or approximately 3% of our portfolio’s value occurred in the fourth fiscal quarter 
• 
Except for approximately $95mm of impairments related to Fannie and Freddie preferreds, Lehman, and 
Washington Mutual Bank, all other impaired fixed income securities continue and we expect to continue 
paying interest and principal 
• 
Over the last year, we’ve increased the defensive posture of our investments by reducing equities, moving more 
than $1B from prime money-market funds to government funds and investing our more recent significant cash 
flows into government funds 
• 
Approximately 85% of our cash and marketable securities are invested in fixed income securities, of which 
approximately 55% is in money-market securities 

Cash Flows 

• 
Our business continues to generate strong cash flows 
• 
Operating cash flow for FY2008 was $3.56B or approximately 32% of revenue 
• 
During FY2008, we returned approximately 2.65B capital to our shareholders 
• 
This includes the payment of 982mm in cash dividends and the repurchase of 43mm shares of our stock for 
$1.67B. 
• 
Although we have an existing stock buyback program, which we primarily execute through a 10b5-1 plan, our 
interest in stock buybacks increases when domestic cash is greater than $4B, which in turn may cause us to 
reconsider the rate of repurchase as well as the size of the repurchase program 
• 
As of last week, our domestic cash was approximately $6.5B. 
Operating Margin and CDMA Devices 

• 
QCT shipped a record 336mm MSMs in FY2008 and recorded a 27% operating margin on the volume ramp, 
particularly in EV-DO and WCDMA 
• 
Our licensing business also performed well as QTL’s operating margin was 87% for FY2008 
• 
We estimate that approximately 119mm CDMA devices shipped in the June quarter, driven primarily by 
sequential WCDMA growth 
• 
We estimate the average selling price of CDMA devices was $216 for the June quarter and $219 for the FY. 
• 
The FY was up approximately 2% y-over-y 
• 
The year’s average ASP of 219 was positively impacted by a weaker dollar during the year and this impact we 
estimate at approximately $13 average ASP 
• 
During Q4, we recognized 560mm in licensing and royalty revenue and approximately $0.20 EPS from the Nokia 
agreement, attributable to both FY2008 and 2007 activity 
• 
The agreement includes, among other things, the non-refundable upfront payment of $2.5B received in early 
October, ongoing royalties, and the assignment of patents valued at $1.8B and recorded in intangible assets 
FY2008 

• 
At the end of FY2008, unearned revenue attributable to the upfront consideration of the Nokia agreement was 
$3.9B, which will be recognized over the approximate remaining 14-year term of the license agreement 
• 
The value of the patents assigned to us last month will be amortized on a straight-line basis to licensing cost of 
sales over their estimated useful life of approximately 15 years 
• 
Q4 FY2008 includes six quarters of revenue amortization and the resumption of royalties for H2 FY2008 
• While the value attributable to the patents is recognized as revenue in the same manner as the upfront cash 
payment, the amortization of the patent asset will not commence until the first fiscal quarter of FY2009 
• 
And due to this differential in the accounting, no cost of revenue was recognized in Q4 related to these patents 
• 
The effect of this differential was a positive contribution of approximately $0.06 EPS for Q4 and FY2008 

• 
However, going forward the recognition of revenue related to the patent value and the cost of revenues from 
the amortization of the patent assets will largely offset, resulting in only a moderate impact on earnings 
Guidance 

Turning to our forward guidance, we now anticipate FY2009 pro forma earnings to be approximately $2.00 to $2.10 
per share 

As Paul indicated in his opening remarks, in August we are targeting a FY2009 budget of approximately $2.60 pro 
forma EPS. 

In September, based primarily on a reduced outlook for the 2009 CDMA market, our forecast had reduced to 
approximately $2.42 pro forma EPS. 

Economy 

• 
In recent weeks, it has become apparent we are in the midst of a rapidly changing macroeconomic environment 
that is driving conservative market behavior and resulting in a significant channel inventory contraction 
• 
We believe carriers and OEMs are reducing and we expect to see them further reduce their inventory of CDMA 
devices and chipsets as a defensive measure in response to the current economic slowdown 
• 
We expect an approximate five-week contraction from September 2008 through March 2009, from 
approximately 19 weeks of channel inventory down to approximately 14 weeks of channel inventory 
• 
This latest forecast and inventory contraction and further weakening economic outlook have meaningfully 
reduced our earnings expectations for FY2009 to our current guidance 
• 
Incorporating the uncertain economic environment as well as the inventory channel contraction, for calendar 
2008 CDMA market we now expect approximately 475 to 485mm CDMA-based devices to be shipped, 
including approximately 267mm WCDMA devices 
• 
We estimate the replacement rate for 2008 will be approximately 42%, down modestly from our prior estimate of 
43% 
• 
Based on the 480mm midpoint of our estimate, worldwide CDMA device shipments for calendar 2008 are 
anticipated to grow approximately 26% y-over-y 
Calendar 2009 

• 
We estimate that the calendar 2009 CDMA device market will increase approximately 25% over 2008 with 
shipments of approximately 580 to 620mm units 
• 
Based on the 600mm midpoint of our 2009 estimate, we anticipate shipments of approximately 230mm 
CDMA2000 units and approximately 370mm WCDMA units, reflecting a meaningful mix shift of lower cost 
devices from developing markets as compared to 2008 
• 
We estimate the CDMA replacement rate for 2009 will be approximately 40% 
• 
Based on the current business outlook, we anticipate FY2009 revenues to be in the range of approximately 10.2 
to $10.8B, down 3 to 8% over FY2008 and we anticipate pro forma EPS to be in the range of $2.00 to $2.10 
• 
We estimate FY2009 pro forma operating income will be between 3.7 and $3.9B, a decrease of approximately 15 
to 20% y-over-y 

FY2009 

• 
For our FY2009 guidance we have excluded possible and additional impairments from securities with unrealized 
losses, consistent with our prior practice, and due to the inherent uncertainty and volatility in the global financial 
markets which makes forecasting potential future impairments very challenging 
• 
As of last week, we had approximately 1.3B in unrealized losses, which could result in additional other than 
temporary impairments if market conditions do not improve 
• 
Nevertheless, we have the intent and ability to hold the vast majority of these securities and we expect their 
value to recover 
• 
We estimate average selling prices for CDMA2000 and WCDMA devices combined will decrease approximately 
11% in FY2009 to approximately $195, driven by a greater mix of lower cost devices as well as a strengthened 
dollar and we see the strengthened dollar driving approximately four points of the 11% decline, and that four 
points would be about $9 of ASP 
Expenses, Costs and Tax Rate 

• 
We anticipate pro forma R&D and SG&A expenses in total to increase approximately 10% during FY2009, 
reflecting subdued hiring levels, optimization of existing resources, as well as a reduction in legal expenses 
• 
The great majority of the estimated 10% increase represents the annualized expense rate of our employee base as 
of the end of FY2008 
• 
I would also note that the 10% increase is heavily weighted toward R&D. 
• 
The anticipated channel inventory reduction will distort our operating expenses as a percent of revenue for the 
first two quarters of FY2009 
• 
We expect this to improve in H2 the FY to a more normalized level, although we’ll continue to closely 
monitor this and press for further business efficiencies 
• 
We have budgeted for business defense costs of approximately $200mm in FY2009 as compared to well in 
excess of 300mm for FY2008 
• 
We anticipate our pro forma tax rate in FY2009 to be at approximately 20% 
• 
We estimate our GAAP EPS will be approximately $1.61 to $1.71 for FY2009 
• 
This includes an estimated loss of approximately $0.14 per share attributable to QSI, as well as approximately 
$0.25 per share attributable to estimated share based compensation 
Q1 2009 Outlook 

Turning now to Q1 2009, we estimate shipments of approximately 60 to 65mm MSM phone chips during the 
December quarter, down sequentially reflecting significant reduction in channel inventories 

• 
We estimate that 121 to 126mm CDMA-based devices shipped in the September quarter at an average selling 
price of approximately $205 
• 
We estimate revenues will be in the range of approximately 2.3 to 2.5B. 
• 
We estimate first quarter pro forma EPS to be in the range of approximately $0.46 to $0.50 
I would note that our estimate of the channel inventory contraction has an estimated earnings impact of approximately 
$0.14 per share in Q1 


We estimate that first quarter pro forma operating income will be between 800 and $900mm 

We expect total company pro forma R&D and SG&A expenses combined to increase sequentially approximately 1% in 
the first fiscal quarter 

• 
We look forward to seeing many of you next week at our annual Analyst meeting, at which time we’ll share more 
details on our forward plans 
Q&A 

<Q - Maynard Um>: Hi, thanks. Presumably, there isn’t a whole lot of visibility out there one year out. I’m just 
curious; I guess when you look at the numbers now, how conservative or aggressive do you think your guidance might 
be because you’re looking for fairly good handset unit growth in 2009, but implied a much weaker chipset. Even taking 
into account the inventory correction, it seems like there might be a disconnect. Are you overly conservative on the 
chipset side or how comfortable or how much visibility do you have to the handset side? Thanks. 

<A - William Keitel>: Maynard, these estimates that we’ve given are our best estimates. We’re not attempting to be 
conservative here. The inventory contraction will have a significant impact on MSM shipments. We expect that will be 
largely limited to the first two quarters of FY2009. 

In terms of FY2010, I would add that under Paul’s direction and his caps on our head count and resource growth that 
we first took a careful look at 2010 and updated that outlook in line with the goal of targeting our R&D programs so 
that we end up where we want to be two and three years from now, and not overly focus on an inventory contraction 
here for the first two quarters. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: Hi, this is Peter Karazeris for Glen Yeung. Your 2009 handset ASP assumption of 195, down 
10.5, can you give us a sense of the run rate of how that would come through the year? In other words, is it a relatively 
steep decline in the beginning and then we flatten out or is there a way that -or does that decline somewhat steadily? 
And I guess really in the same vein, as we began this year, you had guided to 199 and had upside through the year. Can 
you give us some of the puts and takes around that ASP number, what would be upside and what would be downside? 
Thanks. 

<A - William Keitel>: Okay, Peter. So we think we’re coming off of fiscal Q4 at about $216 ASP and our estimate for 
the first fiscal quarter is $205. I’ll share with you that the 216 to the 205, we estimate approximately $9 of that is due to 
the stronger dollar. And I would add I think we have pretty good visibility on that given that the exchange rates with 
our licensees was set at the end of September. So we’re coming up, I think we’re starting the FY at a handset ASP of 
about 205. From there, there will be puts and takes quarter-to-quarter. But in general, what we do see is a greater 
growth in developing world relative to developed world as compared to what we were expecting just recently. And that 
developing world obviously, they’re looking for a less expensive handset; and of course, that’s fulfilled largely with 
our lower end chipsets as well. 

But other than that, I would say yes; we did have a favorable ASP for FY2008 relative to the expectations at the outset 
of the year. A large element of that was the weaker dollar, which at the outset of the year we hadn’t anticipated. And 
then number two, a pretty strong trend, much stronger than we expected to smart phones. I think that the run rate we’ve 
got here and the interest in smart phones, I think we’ve got that pretty well sized. I hope there’s upside but I have to say 
I think these are our best estimates at this time. 

<Q - Peter Karazeris>: Thank you. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: Thank you very much. First a question for you, Bill, just taking the high end of your operating 
income guidance for Q1 and your EPS range, does that mean you expect a strong rebound in interest income? And the 
second question is to Steve. On the chipset side, can you give us more color on first of all, how do you expect chipset 
ASPs to behave through 09? I assume that the operating margin in QCT is going to get significantly contracted just 
given the inventory correction. But if you can clarify on the inventory correction whether this is a pure chipset 


inventory or you also see a strong handset inventory. It wasn’t clear in the commentary whether this is something that 
your customers need to correct or something that you need to correct within your customers. 

<A - William Keitel>: Okay, I’ll start. This is Bill Keitel. I’ll offer my perspectives on both your questions and let 
anybody else here chime in. On the investment income for fiscal Q1, the guidance does include I think a rational rate of 
investment income. As compared to the FY2004 actuals, I’ll try and be – if I wasn’t clear on this, I’ll try and be extra 
clear. In FY2004 actuals, we had $327mm charge for other than temporary impairments. In the guidance for the first 
fiscal quarter, I have not included an estimate of impairments as traditionally I never have. I wish I could have better 
visibility on that to give some kind of indication, but the volatility and the market is such I just don’t feel capable of 
doing so. So there is a risk of less investment income than what is contained in that EPS guidance, but we’re just going 
to have to see how the quarter progress. 

I would add that then on your question on the inventory, I’ll take the first stab at that. Our estimate of channel inventory 
is from the time an MSM ships to the time a handset is in the hands of a subscriber, so it covers the OEM cycle, the 
carrier cycle, the distributor cycle. So what we believe we’re seeing is everybody in the chain to one degree or another 
trying to shorten, reduce the amount of inventory they’re holding given the uncertain economic environment. We see 
them all taking a defensive posture. So that reverberates back into our chipset business because to some degree, carriers 
and/or distributors are looking to reduce their inventories, which puts pressure on the OEMs. The OEMs as well we 
think are trying to reduce their inventories, so it gets magnified into our chipset business. 

<Q - Ittai Kidron>: And with regard to ASPs? 

<A - Steve Mollenkopf>: I think with regard to ASP, Q1 I think we expect to see a similar trend to what we saw in Q4 
last year, which was a continued strong movement toward the higher end mix, as we said in our prepared remarks. I 
think in H2, consistent with what Bill said, it’s fairly difficult for us I think to predict what the mix is going to be, and I 
think that’s something that we really don’t have as much visibility into at this point. 

<Q - Tim Long>: Thank you, just a two-parter here on Nokia and the impact. Thanks for breaking out the different 
splits of the one-time payments. I’m just curious when you look at the impact of Nokia on the fiscal 2009 estimates 
compared to the range that you gave the day of the announcement, did that change at all? In other words, did that 
change given better visibility into their units and ASPs? And then the second part, Bill, could you just discuss with us a 
little bit how we should think about the effective royalty rate on the business if we’re going to exclude out the 
amortization of the $3.9B? How should we think about the effective royalty rate on ongoing CDMA – WCDMA 
shipments? Thank you. 

<A - William Keitel>: Okay, Tim. First on Nokia, back in July when we announced our fiscal Q3 as well as 
announced that early stage we were at on an agreement with Nokia, at that time, we had estimated that FY2008 would 
improve – EPS improvement would be in a range of $0.07 to $0.13, and then we had estimated fiscal 2009 in a range of 
$0.20 to $0.28. Fiscal 2008 obviously as I just stated, came in at $0.20. So not only did we hit the high end but we went 
above, and that was largely due to the accounting of the patents that we received from Nokia. Within our current 
guidance right now for fiscal 2009, given the results of the Nokia agreement, we’re now at the lower end of that prior 
guidance. So we exceeded, well exceeded the range for our guidance on fiscal 2008. We’re at the low end of our prior 
guidance for FY2009. 

<Q - Tim Long>: Okay, and what brings you down there, Bill? 

<A - William Keitel>: It was really sizing the forward royalties and then to this patent cost, the 1.8B, revenue and cost 
over the full 15-year period will both equal 1.8B. The accounting required the revenue to start earlier than the cost, and 
so we had that $0.06 pickup in fiscal 2008. That $0.06 pickup will now over the next 15 years be amortized, will revert 
back. And so part of that is impacted, is bringing down the FY 2009 estimate. 

I would also add, Tim, I think everybody recognizes that it was – we had a very short interval back in July to get 
through the agreement and our estimates, and it was very preliminary at that time. And then as well of course we’re 
now looking at a very significantly smaller market than what we were back in that July timeframe. As I said in the 
August timeframe, we were looking at EPS target for fiscal 2009 in the 2.60 range and here we are looking at $2.00 to 


$2.10, so I think the smaller market is probably one of the bigger impacts. 

<Q - Mark McKechnie>: Great, thanks. I appreciate it. I wanted to ask about the chipset recovery. It seems like you’re 
dropping off. You’re getting hit by inventory, but do you expect chipsets to bounce back up to the 70mm level there in 
the June quarter or the September quarter or how do you see them bouncing back? Thanks. 

<A - William Keitel>: We’ve looked carefully at the times in the past when we have seen inventory corrections and 
we’ve reached out to a lot of our contacts within the total chain to get our best handle on what we think is going to 
happen in this contraction. We think this is going to be a much faster contraction. It’s going to happen a lot quicker 
than what we’ve seen in the past. And I think we have – I feel like we’ve got pretty good insight on that. We see this 
happening over the next two quarters. As I said, we think it’s going to drop just a little bit below the historical normal 
average of 15 to 20 weeks. Then from there, we’re projecting a modest increase in that channel inventory coming out of 
the FY in the range of about 17 weeks. So a little difficult to say for sure but I feel reasonably good about that estimate 
at this time. 

So once that inventory channel stops contracting, then I think we see a more normalized MSM shipment level. I don’t 
think we want at this time to get into unit estimates out in that timeframe. We will be sharing more about our forward 
plans next week in New York. But I would just point you back to what I said in my prepared comments that operating 
expenses we think are going to be distorted as a percent of revenue here for the next two quarters. And based on our 
plans, we see a more normalized level; that is operating expenses as a percent of revenue in fiscal Q3 and fiscal Q4. 

<Q - Mark McKechnie>: And that’s because you’re expecting a pretty big bounce back in fiscal Q3 I’m assuming in 
revenues, right? It’s not because you’re going to cut expenses. 

<A - William Keitel>: Once the inventory contraction stops, then I think we’ll see our chip shipments getting back to a 
more normalized level pretty quickly. 

<Q - Mark McKechnie>: Got it. Thanks. 

<A - Steve Mollenkopf>: We will – obviously we’re going to watch this. These are all projections based off of models 
that we had from previous years. We don’t think the inventory levels are sustainable over the long term. But of course, 
we’ll watch and we have contingency plans if we don’t see the recovery happen. If it takes an extra quarter or 
something like that, we will then look at other ways of reducing costs and we’re going to continue to do that throughout 
the year. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Thank you very much guys, a clarification on a couple things, Bill, first. The 10% uptick in 
OpEx you’re actually expecting for 2009, does that include the amortization of the 1.8B Nokia patent, which is – three 
quarters of that would be about $100mm or is that in COGS and not part of the OpEx uptick? And then was that 1.8B 
you paid to Nokia, did you actually pay that? Was that a cash payment, so on a net basis you got 700mm, I’m just 
trying to understand how that works? 

<A - William Keitel>: Okay. Yes, Ehud, in terms of the OpEx, that does not include patent amortization. The patent 
amortization is in cost of sales, and there was not a cash transfer with the patent transfer. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay. 

<A - William Keitel>: So it was only a 2.5B payment to Qualcomm. 

<Q - Ehud Gelblum>: Okay, that’s actually very helpful, and then a more fundamental question. When you’re talking 
about going from 19 weeks of inventory in the channel to 14 weeks, was the 19 weeks based on your prior shipment 
record of about 86mm per quarter, which translates to about 6.5mm chips per week? Or is it based on the new level of 
60 – 65, which is 4.5 to 5mm a week? Or is the 19 based on the higher number and the 14 based on the lower number? 
I’m just trying to get a sense of how many chips we’re really sucking out of the channel over the next couple quarters. 

<A - William Keitel>: The 19 is based on – take our current estimate for the CDMA unit market for the latter part of 
calendar 2008; divide by 52 and that’s what we see as a weeks equivalent. And then for the 14 weeks, again that would 


be now our calendar 2009 unit estimate; divide by 52 and that would be a weeks equivalent. Our MSMs are just a piece 
of that total channel. 

<Q - James Faucette>: Thank you very much. Looking at your unit forecasts for next year, I was wondering if the 
growth that you have built in there, if that anticipates now the granting of 3G licenses? I didn’t see whether those have 
been specifically excluded for China, the granting of those licenses. And then a second question that I had was if you 
could just give a little color as to the last few weeks, how the cuts and indications of inventory reduction have been 
communicated to you; has it been all at once by all of your customers or has it been in specific geographies? And any 
color you can give on the nature of those cuts recently would be very helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Paul Jacobs>: We’ve put some units in for China. We’re basing it off of some estimates that operators have 
made. We are anticipating that 3G licenses will be granted relatively soon. So we did make the decision this year to put 
some units in for China that we had not in the past. 

<A - Steven Altman>: This is Steve. With regard to your question about the change in customer behavior related to the 
inventory contraction, it’s really something that started happening I would say in the last several weeks. And consistent 
with our belief that this is highly dependent on what the OEM is thinking of and how they want to manage the 
economic environment, it varies a bit across customers. And so we have seen some variation across customers certainly 
accelerating over the last several weeks. 

Recently and when I say recently, meaning over the last several days, I think we’ve seen a reduction in the rate of 
change of that forecast. And consistent with our guidance, we’ve actually opened up the number of units to allow for a 
little bit more uncertainty than normal. But I think this is – we have a lot of confidence actually that what we gave is a 
reasonable outlook. 

<Q - Tim Luke>: Thanks so much. Bill, Steve, with respect to the guidance on the EBIT, the chip units came down 
30% and the WCDMA forecast is up like almost 40% for the year. Can you give us some color on regionally where 
you’re seeing the biggest delta in terms of this substantial change in channel inventory that you outlined? And then can 
you give us some flavor of to get to that 370, what you’re assuming in terms of the regional change in the WCDMA 
market? And I guess there’s the question on seasonality as part of that. Is this, Steve, you think the low in the chip 
number and then March is slightly up from here? Thanks. 

<A - William Keitel>: Tim, this is Bill. I’ll try and take part of those questions here. First, on the – we have provided 
an update on calendar 2008. I just did a summary in my remarks but on our website, we’ve updated it by region of the 
world. And as I said, we brought down our estimate of the replacement rate just slightly. Previously we had been 
looking for a 43% replacement rate for 2008. We’ve updated that now down to 42%. 

But then as we always do, we’ve got a pretty thorough process of trying to check region by region on net adds and as 
well as new subs. And we brought down Europe modestly. You’ll see that on our website. We brought down also the 
Americas by just a couple units. China, I think we’ve all seen that on an interim basis here that with the transition 
coming up here from China Unicom CDMA to China Telecom, there has been a defocus on growing that CDMA base, 
so we brought down China a bit. India, we brought down slightly as well as the greater Asia-Pacific. Each of those 
again, are detailed on our website so you’ll be able to get that. 

In terms of the WCDMA market growing and our chipset forecast here for Q1 having a fairly significant decrease, it’s 
simply that right now the market, be it operators and/or OEMs, they think they’ve got enough chipsets to satisfy a lot of 
their needs and are looking to reduce those. So our rate of flow into the OEMs we think is going to reduce here relative 
to the past for the next two quarters. So it’s a little difficult to exactly trace our estimated shipments into the end market 
when you’ve got – if we’re right here that this inventory contraction is pretty severe, it’s going to curve for the next two 
quarters. 

<Q - T. Michael Walkley>: Great, thank you; Bill, just another question on the trajectory of the recovery. Should we 
assume in the back half of 2009 back to normal builds that QCT margins would be within that historical 25% and a 
little bit higher range that is embedded in your guidance? Can you just help clarify that? 


<A - William Keitel>: I think that obviously for the first fiscal quarter here, our forecast is an abnormally low 
operating margin for QCT. We do see – our best estimate at this time is H2 the FY returns to what I think we would 
consider a more normalized level. 

<Q - T. Michael Walkley>: Thanks, and then in terms of not losing share, could you guys discuss some areas or 
OEMs you see as potential share gains over the next year or two? 

<A - Steven Altman>: Sure, this is Steve. I think we’ve had a number of positive moves in the last year, adding Sony 
Ericsson as a customer for a portion of the portfolio. We’ve started to add some volume out of Motorola. And I think as 
we’ve discussed on previous calls, we think that the addressable market to the chipset business has actually increased 
primarily as a result of the settlement of the Nokia licensing deal between the two companies. I think it’s much too 
early to make a statement with regard to how that’s going to impact our financials, but we definitely see a difference in 
terms of the way we look at the market after that event. 

<Q - David Wong>: Thank you very much. Can you give us some idea as to how the pattern of chipset shipments will 
affect your gross margins? Presumably your gross margins are better in H1 the FY because of lower chipset shipments 
and then they get pulled down in H2 because your chipset shipments rebound or does something else also impact 
margins? 

<A - William Keitel>: It’s primarily just, David, that in H1, there’s just a sudden reduction here in the run rate on our 
revenues relative to what we expect in H2 the FY. As we explained, we’ve carefully gone through our resource levels 
of the programs we’re investing in, and our op expenses are really, we tried to carefully target them to where we want 
to be two, three years from now, so the operating expenses continue. The revenues have a sudden decrease for the next 
two quarters and hence the operating margins for the next two quarters will be abnormally low. 

<Q - David Wong>: Yes, but I’m referring to the blended gross margin. Does that get that benefit from a lower mix of 
chipsets, does it? 

<A - William Keitel>: The mix of licensing revenue to chip revenue will certainly adjust here for the next two 
quarters. And yes, that would favorably impact the gross margin for the next two quarters. 

<Q - Mike Alexander>: This is Mike Alexander in for Ed Snyder. I wanted to ask if you could give a little more color 
on the replacement rate for 2009. Do you have any geographic idea where replacements are going to be falling and 
maybe some idea of the mix of new subscribers into the developing world? Thank you. 

<A - William Keitel>: Mike , at this point we’re planning to give more color on replacement rates next week in New 
York, so there are regional differences and quite significant. We thought it best to share that when we get to New York. 
Paul, do you want to add anything? 

<A - Paul Jacobs>: I think I teed this one up on CNBC. Let me just make a comment. One of the things that we see 
happening for example in Japan is that the operators are moving to installment programs which have proved to be 
extremely popular with consumers. And that’s causing people to hold the handsets a little bit longer. The interesting 
offsetting fact though is it looks like people are willing to buy a slightly higher priced handset for that. So there are 
some puts and takes relative to that but we are seeing some impact there. I’d say it’s less the macroeconomic conditions 
than it has been just a different business model by the operators. 

<Q - Mike Alexander>: Great, thanks. 

<Q - Brian Modoff>: Hi guys, a couple questions. So just understanding, Bill, on this accounting for the one-time 
payment and the amortization of the patents, and those canceling each other out, does that necessarily mean that we just 
really are factoring in the ongoing payment as a net incremental gain to your numbers going forward? And then Paul, 
on a regional basis, have you seen a material change in demand from some of the emerging markets in the last few 
weeks that have created more concern for you? And then finally, Steve, what percentage of your units are – give us an 
idea of what you think you’ll have in terms of designs in 2009 for Snapdragon and the 7000 series platform. Thanks. 


<A - William Keitel>: Brian, this is Bill. To your question on the Nokia amortization, you’re correct. The amortization 
of the 2.5B will positively contribute to earnings. The amortization of the patent intangible will not contribute to 
earnings going forward. 

<A - Paul Jacobs>: Yes, I think obviously, there’s a question a little bit in India, but we are – and also just the timing 
of the transition and the sort of re-energization in China of sales of CDMA. But as we look forward into the next year, 
we’re seeing more trend towards emerging markets as opposed to away from emerging markets. 

<A - Steven Altman>: Brian, this is Steve. On the 7000 platform and Snapdragon platform in terms of customer 
traction, let me just start with the 8000 first or the Snapdragon first. We’re still on track for first devices in midyear 
next year, and starting to build throughout the year. It won’t be a significant number in terms of next year but it’s 
definitely consistent with what we see with the launch of a new chipset family. As I mentioned earlier, we’re starting to 
see traction in the OEM base or in customer base outside of our traditional customers, which we’re pleased with and 
we’re going to talk a little bit more about that next week. 

On the 7000 platform, we continue to believe that integration strategy is really the key to driving mass market OpenLS 
phones into the market, and we’re seeing I think traction consistent with that. It’s really driven primarily by our close 
association with some of the software houses as well. So we’ve had a significant amount of interest in the Android 
platform as well as continued interest with our Win Mobile devices. 

<Q - Kulbinder Garcha>: Thanks, just two very quick questions. On the inventory level, the 14 weeks by the end of 
this depletion, am I understanding correctly that’s the lowest level that it has been the last three or five years? That’s 
my first question I guess for Bill. And then for Paul, with respect to the lack of visibility, macroeconomic uncertainty, 
revenue are expected to decline. I understand why because you are annualizing the run rate at the end of 2008, but I’m 
surprised that more meaningful action is not being taken to actually not have OpEx rise 10% but for it to be flat or be 
even down. I’m wondering how you think about if things do worsen from here, whether Qualcomm should take a more 
meaningful approach towards its cost base. Thanks. 

<A - William Keitel>: First, on the inventory weeks, there was a time in just a specific segment of the market, not the 
worldwide market as we forecast now that we did see a dip below 14 weeks, but the variety of devices that the market 
was demanding at that time was significantly different than what it is today. So in our analysis, we didn’t – we used it 
but the comparability wasn’t that direct. Overall, I would say 14 weeks is abnormally low but we’ve seen when people 
try and correct inventories as we see many trying to do, they often get to a bit of an abnormal level so we thought it was 
the prudent forecast to use. 

<A - Paul Jacobs>: In terms of expense management, obviously we are very focused on that and definitely are 
adapting to the current environment and essentially shutting down head count growth. There are a lot of opportunities 
ahead of us with a number of new technologies coming to market, so we think that we’re making the right investments. 
We generally would have added head count to go after those, so we are making hard decisions to shut some projects 
down and reallocate resources. 

Clearly if conditions worsen from here, we have a contingency plan. We have gone through and prioritized projects. 
We’ll continue that process and so I think that we’ll be able to adapt. I don’t feel like looking at a two quarter impact 
because of inventory contraction and then potentially damaging our ability to react coming out of the downturn because 
we feel like as a market leader, we actually are well positioned to have a better competitive position coming out of the 
downturn. But with that said, we’re very focused on expense management over the past few years. We know that we’ve 
grown fairly rapidly into the opportunities and we’re looking for much more leverage this year while still addressing 
these very significant opportunities ahead of us. 

Dr. Paul E. Jacobs, CEO 

Closing Remarks 


Just to follow on to that, while these macroeconomic conditions are impacting the business looking forward, I feel like 
we are adapting and positioning ourselves for future growth 

And we have this very strong balance sheet and very strong operating cash flows, and that is allowing us to address a 
bunch of opportunities that are in front of us 

The market for 3G CDMA continues to grow, I might add at the expense of 2G, and we’re continuing to expand the 
functionality of wireless devices and the uses of wireless technology 

• 
So I really do feel that in challenging times, market leaders can strengthen their position. We intend to do that in 
these times. 
This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


