Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations and Public Relations 
• Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 
• Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Quintin Lai 
• Cornelia Thomas 
• Peter Lawson 
• Philippa Gardner 
• Dan Leonard 
• Un Kwon-Casado 
• Spencer Nam 
• Christian Packebusch 
• Romain Zana 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Molly , and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Qiagen Second Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] 

Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dr. Solveigh Mähler. You may begin your conference. 

Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations and Public Relations 

Thank you very much, Molly, and hello, everybody. Welcome to Qiagen's second quarter 2009 earnings conference 
call. I'm Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at Qiagen. With me on the call are Qiagen's CEO, Peer 
Schatz; and Qiagen's CFO, Roland Sackers. 

We issued a press release last night announcing Qiagen's financial results for the second quarter ending June 30, 2009, 
describing the company's recent business highlights. A copy of this announcement as well as the presentation we will 
be using during this conference call can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our home page at 
www.qiagen.com. This conference call will cover a 30-minute presentation followed by a Q&A session. The time of 
the conference call is set at one hour. We therefore would like to ask you to please limit yourself to only two questions 
during the Q&A session. The call will be archived on our website. 

Before I turn it over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussion and the responses to your 
questions reflect management's view as of today, August 11, 2009. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have 
our press release and presentation in front of you and our financial results and detailed commentaries are included and 
will correspond to the discussions that follow. As we share information today to help you better understand our 


business, it is important to keep in mind that we will make statements and provide responses in the course of this 
conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, expectations, or predictions of the future. These constitute 
forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe Harbor provision. These forward-looking statements involve 
certain risks and uncertainties that could cause Qiagen's actual results to differ materially from those projected. Qiagen 
disclaims any intention, obligation to revise any forward-looking statements. In addition, certain statements contained 
in this presentation are based on company assumptions including but not limited to revenue allocations based on 
business segments. For the description of such risks and uncertainties, please refer to the discussions and reports that 
Qiagen has filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and 
non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in the press release on 
our website. 

With this, I would like to hand over to Peer Schatz. Thank you. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, thanks, Solveigh, and welcome to our Q2 2009 conference call. We are extremely pleased to once again be able 
to report another quarter of solid operating results. We're now well beyond 25 sequential quarters where we have 
exceeded or met our guidance. Equally, our outlook is positive, allowing us to today increase the revenue guidance for 
the full year by about 2% and increase EPS guidance as well. It has been a great first half of the year, and our growth 
and opportunities are strong, despite the tough macroeconomic conditions we all face today. Net sales came in at 240 
million, or 233 million at guidance rates, at the high end of our guidance, which was 225 to 235 million. What is key is 
that this revenue number represents an organic growth of 12% significantly ahead of the industry average. We saw 
growth across all customer segments with strongest growth coming from our sales to customers in molecular 
diagnostics. For this customer segment which represents about 48% of our sales, we recorded growth of 21%. 

This growth was ahead of our expectations and was driven by our broad portfolio, also including screening product and 
in that screening segment primarily by a great performance in HPV screening. We are today also proud to be able to 
announce for the first time in our company's history an operating margin of 30%. This number is a testament to our 
operating leverage and the talent and dedication of our teams around the world. While we are delivering this 
performance, we are at the same time investing an unprecedented sum into growth and innovation, a recipe for 
significant and sustainable shareholder value. In sum, we continue to expand the strength of Qiagen in the second 
quarter and at the same time our performance allowed us to notably increase our adjusted earnings per share by 20% to 
$0.24 over the comparable quarter last year. 

Overall, our R&D pipeline is progressing well. We have over 150 R&D projects pushing through the pipelines, 
including many projects addressing markets that are very substantial in size. In the first quarter alone – in the first half 
alone, we launched 39 new products. We had a number of highlights in the second quarter, and I'll talk to them in more 
detail later. Some I wanted to note are already here. We're getting a lot of questions on influenza screening obviously. 
This has been an area of substantial success for Qiagen. There is hardly a country in the world that has implemented a 
screening program that does not include Qiagen's solutions. It is difficult for us to quantify the contributions to sales 
related to swine flu as many solutions were purchased through government agencies that are also otherwise customers. 

But we assume that we generated several million US dollars in consumable sales with more in instrumentation as well 
to come in the second half. In the meantime we also won many national tenders. These include front to end tourniquet 
sample – Qiagen sample and assay technology consumable and also instrumentation solutions. Another area where we 
are extremely active currently is personalized medicine. Qiagen has a unique position and a great pipeline here. As the 
largest in vitro molecular diagnostic company, the one with the strong pharma arm and its by far the largest pharma 
independent one, we are in the center of this new paradigm and believe we are building a great future for our diagnostic 
assay portfolio and a great basis for our future over all. In general, expansion remained a key topic for us in the second 
quarter. We expanded our position in Italy with an acquisition; I'll get to that in a minute. 

But first I will hand over here to Roland for a review of our financial performance. 


Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Peer and good afternoon, everyone, in Europe and good morning to those joining from the U.S. We are very 
pleased with the second quarter. While globally some economic challenges remain, our second quarter results reflect a 
combination of the robustness of the market we serve, the strength of our product portfolio, and our continuing focus 
on tapping new markets. 

Financial results met our expectations in terms of revenues, and we exceeded expectations for our adjusted operating 
margin and adjusted EPS, underscoring our strong profitability. We reported sales for the second quarter of US$240 
million. Based on January 31, 2009, foreign exchange rates sales amounted to US$233 million, thus coming in at the 
high end of our guided range of 225 to US$235 million. 

We experienced a strong adjusted operating margin increase in the second quarter to 30%, exceeding the guidance of 
28% we provided in May. The reported adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, 
increased to $0.24 a share. Using January 31, 2009, exchange rate, adjusted EPS also exceeded our given guidance 
range of 0.21 to $0.22. 

In fact on the base of constant currencies, adjusted EPS would have been 26% -- $0.26, reflecting 30% growth over the 
second quarter 2008. Our growth, particularly organic, which excludes Corbett and Pyrosequencing remains very 
strong. Based on the successful first six months and our optimistic outlook for the remainder of the year, we are raising 
our annual revenue guidance and earnings. I will provide more details later in the call on both our third quarter 
assumptions and the fiscal year outlook. 

We recorded impressive topline growth. Adjusting for currency impact and a constant exchange rates, net sales for the 
quarter would be approximately US$258 million, reflecting a significant 90% growth over the comparable period in 
2008. Even under consideration of 9% currency impact, we still have double-digit growth in revenues up 10%. 

As I already stated, in the second quarter, our adjusted operating margin reflected a solid increase to 30% in 
comparison to the second quarter 2008. As we now are progressing through 2009 with increasing revenues each 
quarter, we feel comfortable with our guided range of 29%. Our adjusted net income shows strong growth of 19% in 
comparison to the second quarter 2008 from approximately US$40 million to US$48 million. 

A contributing factor to the level of our net income is our commitment to balancing growth with cost alignment. While 
we have invested in innovation, we have also maintained a strong discipline to improve our efficiencies and extended 
capacities to enable future growth. 

With respect to adjusted diluted earnings per share, we recorded an increase to $0.24 a share, up from $0.20 per share 
for the comparable quarter in 2008, which reflects 20% growth. We continue to lead our industry peers in terms of 
organic growth. We have put this chart together on slide six which depicts, over the past 22 quarters, our organic 
growth versus that of the industry average. 

It is also indicative of how our business is going through incremental steps along the organic growth progression where 
we seek to continually increase market share by adding new product lines, penetrating new market segments, and 
expanding geographically. This past quarter, we had 12% organic growth, with sales to customers in molecular 
diagnostics recording organic growth of approximately 21%. Addressing the untapped potential, especially in 
molecular diagnostic and applied testing areas will ensure sustainability of our future growth. 

Moving on to our revenue distribution for the second quarter, we continued to show solid growth across our product 
portfolios. The growth in consumables and sampled assay technologies grew under constant exchange rates at 12% 
over the comparable period in the prior year. This group accounts for approximately 86% of total revenues. 

In the wake of the new product introduction in Qiagen's implementation business, such as the QIAsymphony, 
QIAgility, the EZ1 Advanced XL and the Rotor-Gene Q, as well as Pyrosequencing, at the beginning of this year, this 
product area recorded a growth rate of 83% under constant exchange rates. 


Turning to the geographic breakdown on the right-hand side of slide seven, net sales in the Americas for the quarter 
represent 50% of our overall business and recorded a growth rate of 14% under constant exchange rates, while 
European sales, which represent 35% of our total revenues, showed a growth rate of 14% at constant exchange rates. 

Please note that although we posted minus 2% in Europe, this was due to currency impact. Sales in Asia remained very 
strong, with a growth rate at 43% at constant exchange rates and represents 12% of our total revenues. 

Throughout the quarter, we saw strong demand from all segments and all geographic regions. As we noted on our 
earnings call in May, we expected some softness in pharma, mainly in the discovery arms. Peer will delve more into the 
outlook and on our market segments later on the call. 

On slide eight, key adjustments that deserve some future illucidations include operating income, of which 
approximately US$25 million is adjusted for factors such as business integration, purchase intangibles, amortization, 
and share-based compensation. You will find a detailed split-up in our appendixes to this presentation and at the end of 
our earnings press release. 

I believe this next slide is a good means to illustrate the development in our adjusted operating income margin based on 
trailing four quarters, but I also want to address with this our operational efficiency. 

Our profitable growth story is based on both redirecting resources to new high value initiatives that bring additional 
innovation and generating capabilities in the organization that provide continuous improvement in operational 
efficiency. Working on multiple dimensions of profitability thus enables us to transform top line growth into even 
better bottom line ratios. I'll spend a minute highlighting the key figures from our cash flow and balance sheet now. 

In the second quarter 2009, our operating cash flow increased to approximately US$74 million from approximately 
US$47 million in the second quarter 2008. This strong operating cash flow resulted mainly from working capital 
management and increased income. Our free cash flow for the quarter was approximately US$61 million. 

We do expect a reverse impact in the third quarter of approximately eight to 10 million from our assay hatching 
activity. In regards to amortization and depreciation, these figures include components from the Digene acquisition and 
the 2008 acquisition of Corbett and Biotage. 

At June 30, 2009, we had cash on hand of approximately US$390 million. So as you can see, we are turning our 
profitability into strong cash flow growth. Our cash flows are steadily improving and therefore provide the means we 
need for future growth. I would also like to address a few matrix related to our liquidity and capital structure, 
highlighting our liquidity position with our equity ratio of 52% and the net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 2.0. Peer? 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Roland. As always, starting on Slide 11, some highlights in more detail. Slide 12 shows the typical overview of 
our customer segments, and I'll walk through those. 

In molecular diagnostics, we generated 48% of our sales and recorded 21% growth. Our markets are solid and trends 
robust. Growth came pretty much across the board, including from our 15 FDA-approved or clear product from over 
100 CE marked product and from a loan in China ten SFDA approved products in addition for many other approvals or 
clearances across the world. Screening, most notably HPV and companion diagnostics, most notably KRAS testing, 
were highlights, and overall we are increasing global coverage. 

In Applied Testing, growth remained strong; however, due to some one-time effects, below the growth that we saw in 
the first quarter. Pharma is doing very well in development. As mentioned before, our very unique position as a partner 
for personalized medicine is creating significant excitement. Growth in pharma development compensates for the slow 
sales into pharma discovery. 

Academia had a very solid growth in Q2 with a pickup in funding and a particular solid trends in North America. We 
had a positive outlook due to the increased visibility of solid funding in most regions. In addition, we look forward to 


benefiting from the stimulus programs. 

We often get asked about our views on U.S. health care reform, so on Slide 13, here are some general statements. What 
is important to note is that this is very preliminary and is evolving and being debated heavily still in the U.S. In general, 
the objectives are clear to all. It is cost, quality, coverage, prevention. 

Molecular diagnostics have the potential and are increasingly recognized to play a very important role in the solution 
mix, required to reach a new framework. Our screening and early detection solutions have industry-leading clinical 
value and help prevent disease and associated cost at a fraction of the cost, which would be required to treat them. 

With our focus on companion diagnostics, we are also helping health systems manage the cost of therapies. Our 
solutions utilize the most advanced technologies applied in molecular testing, thereby ensuring best performance in 
application such as disease monitoring. 

We have probably all heard that diagnostics represent only 2% of healthcare, yet, drive over 80% of decisions. This is 
huge leverage, and this is what I guess we all believe is a major, almost mega-trend in healthcare. 

New technologies such as molecular diagnostics now allow a much more significant value opportunity. In general, 
information provided by diagnostics is value, value that can substantially lower treatment costs. So all in all, while it 
too early to confirm anything, we believe that we are in attractive position. 

The second topic, I would like to highlight, is our activities in emerging countries, in particularly BRIC countries. I 
think few people know of the strength we actually have there. In fact, we sell a double-digit million number of assays 
in these regions alone. While these assays are sold at lower prices, often up to one-tenth of the price of a comparable 
assay in the U.S. or Europe, the volumes are significant and give us huge scale. 

We manufacture our own line of assays in China. These we can distribute throughout the world. We have over 10 
approvals in China, including in-vitro diagnostics and in blood banking. We currently also have a new revised suite of 
blood banking assays HIV, HCV, and HBV expected to get approval early 2010. 

While we sell finished assays, other consumables and instruments in many emerging countries, in Brazil, we decided to 
partner with a state-owned agency, Bio-Manguinhos. And in partnership developed assays based on a package of 
Qiagen instruments and consumables. While we normally would not announce transactions like these, this is of a 
substantial value, and the deal structure is quite innovative. The performance of our solution in addition to the 
flexibility we showed in structuring this transaction were reasons why we were able to win this contract. 

All in all, Qiagen thinks globally in everything we do, especially as it pertains to emerging and developing countries, 
which are very important to us. This commitment is very important to us and also very significant, as you have seen 
from numerous announcements over the last years. In sum, it is also a profitable activity. 

On Slide 15, a short note on an expansion project in Italy. While we have always been pleased with our life science 
sales channels in Italy, our molecular diagnostics sales channel delivered only sub-critical mass. We were fortunate to 
now be able to acquire what is perceived as one of the most outstanding sales channels in personalized medicine and 
molecular diagnostics in Italy. This transaction more than doubles our footprint in Italy, and in addition give us access 
to a lot of access in molecular diagnostics and personalized medicine. This transaction is expected to contribute about 
$5 million in sales in 2010. 

Italy is, however, a substantial market in diagnostics. As you can see from the pie chart, it is more than twice the size of 
the United Kingdom and per capita probably one of the largest in the world. This has to do with their healthcare 
system. Therefore this move in Italy is certainly very important. 

Lastly on Slide 16, in June we announced that we sold the distribution rights of the so-called Olerup SSP assay 
portfolio to Link Med. These SSP assays are used in transplantation testing and are HLA, PCR assays of the first 
generation. While these assays are considered highly sensitive and specific, newer technologies had emerged, including 
some we had taken on ourselves. 


Also, we had distribution rights, which were economically not too attractive. We will stay in HLA testing with our 
leading franchise in sample technologies and now our new SBT assays, SBT stands for sequence based typing. 

With this package, we have a unique and very modern portfolio. Some of the HLA assays we will continue to sell into 
markets outside transplantation. For example, the HLA-B5701 assay, which is used in HIV treatment tolerance testing, 
a personalized medicine assay. This one assay received FDA approval in the second quarter. While this transaction 
reduces our revenue base, it was a low margin and low growth portfolio. The sale will therefore not change our EPS 
outlook. This divestiture is one more example of Qiagen's commitment to ensuring that our portfolio is state-of-the-art 
and has a high growth portfolio. We are very selective, and this has served us well. And we believe also it is the right 
path to create value for our shareholders. 

With that, I'm handing back to Roland. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Peer. Let me now talk to our financial expectations for the third quarter and then provide you with some 
assumptions. 

Despite some lingering uncertainties in the global economy, we remain optimistic and believe we are on solid footing 
for the rest of the year. For the third quarter 2009, we are guiding revenues with strong constant currency growth of 15 
to 19%. This is based on adjusted Q3 2008 revenues of US$227 million, which excludes approximately 2 million 
related to the Olerup product distribution which we sold this past quarter. 

Thus, we expect revenues for the third quarter to be between 235 and US$245 million at guidance rate and an organic 
growth rate of approximately 13%. While currencies have an impact on our reported revenues, the impact on earnings 
are typically reduced. We expect for the third quarter an adjusted operating margin in the realm of 29 to 30% and 
adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.23 and $0.24 based on January 31, 2009 exchange rates. 

In terms of adjustment to operating income, we expect 123I expenses between 2 to US$3 million, amortization of 
acquired IP of approximately US$17 million, business integration related charges from acquisitions of 3 to US$4 
million. This quarter our adjusted tax rate was 28%, in line with the first quarter as well as with the comparable last 
year. And going forward with the third quarter, we believe this to be similar in the range between 27 and 30%. The 
weighted average number of fully diluted shares outstanding will be around 207 million shares. 

Based on the successful first six months and an optimistic outlook for the rest of the year, we are raising our annual 
revenue guidance by 2% at the midpoint and increasing EPS guidance for the fiscal year 2009 from the previous range 
of 920 to US$970 million, revenues which included approximately US$10 million of revenues related to the Olerup 
product line which was sold end of June this year, we are now raising our guidance to 930 to 970 million 
post-divestment of the Olerup product line for the fiscal year 2009. 

Under constant exchange rate ratios in consideration, revenue expectations for 2009 would show growth rates between 
11 and 16% when compared to 2008. We also feel confident about increasing our expectations for adjusted diluted 
earnings per share from the previous range of $0.88 to $0.94 per share to now a range of $0.90 to $0.94. As always, the 
revenue and EPS guidance is based on foreign currency exchange rates as of January 31, 2009. 

With that, I would like to hand back to Peer. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yes. Thanks, Roland. In sum, I'm very pleased with our performance in the second quarter, and I'd like to thank our 
customers, employees and partners for their contributions to this industry leading performance. The company is 
growing at 19% on a constant exchange basis, about two-thirds of that organic, one-third acquired. This has been our 
formula for quite some time now with the exception of the large acquisition of Digene in 2007. Our acquisitions have 


nicely contributed growth and accretion. The position we have today, coupled with our innovation leadership and the 
ability to execute on this information profitably is a great basis for a strong outlook. 

And with that, I'll hand back to Solveigh. 

Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations and Public Relations 

Thank you very much, Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. I would like to open the Q&A 
session by handing over to Molly. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi, good morning, and congratulations on a strong quarter. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. Good morning, Quintin. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: With respect to the guidance and kind of outlook for the ARRA NIH, your previous guidance did 
not assume too much contribution in the fourth quarter. I assume that the guidance that you gave now also takes that 
stance, and what's your outlook right now? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Roland, do you want to take that? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, hi, Quintin and thanks. I think you're right. We do expect most 
impact from the stimulus package for QIAGEN clearly in 2010. If something comes earlier in the fourth quarter, happy 
to take that, but right now -- and we do believe that we'll see probably a significant impact in 2010. For us, the reason 
why we increased our guidance is that we actually have seen in the second quarter, worldwide, in all regions and 
actually also in all segments a quite significant demand for our products. So it's not based by any expectation around 
NIH. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Just looking a little bit with respect to the really strong instrument quarter that you had here, could 
you give us a little color on kind of where those placements -- what type of instruments you're selling? And then with 
respect to your gross margins, it was a pretty impressive gross margin considering the real strong instrument placement. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, I'll take the first part and, Roland, if you can take the second. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Exactly. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: The instrument placements went primarily into the diagnostic sector and 
to a certain degree in pharma and applied testing. We have seen a strong uptick there. The growth of instrumentation in 
academia remains robust, but clearly the area where we see a significant improvement or significant value for 
customers are in the more commercial areas such as diagnostics. The success of QIAsymphony is continuing. We are 
selling these products very rapidly, expanding the portfolio of assays on the QIAsymphony as we speak, and we have 
additional modules being added to it, and more assays coming on to that portfolio for quite some time. 

So that outlook is very promising for our customers. The interesting growth also in the area of pyrosequencing, which 
is growing very rapidly, and we're showing some great successes integrating that product into our portfolio. It has 
become a very strong seller, particularly in pharma and in personalized medicine. And what we have also been doing 
quite nicely and much better in the second quarter was the Rotor-Gene Q sales as we started ramping up new sales of 
these new products of -- these new real-time cycles in our portfolio in the second quarter have been doing very well and 
have become an integral part of our front end solution offering. For instance, in swine flu testing, we're seeing now 
increasingly people now integrating our cycles, our enzymes, our front-end sample solutions, because we have a 


front-end solution that is also very validated. Roland? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, in terms of gross margin development, I think you're right in 
terms of -- we had a very successful instrumentation quarter. But in addition to that, we also had a very strong 
molecular diagnostics quarter, and as you know our molecular diagnostics product, especially also around HPV comes 
-- are coming with a very high gross margin and having here 21% organic growth rate, was somewhat offsetting the 
impact from a strong instrumentation quarter. In addition to that, we also are doing quite well and progressing and 
improving our efficiency in terms of utilization in the production area, so we see now with even higher volume going 
throughout the year an improvement quarter-over-quarter. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Cornelia Thomas with WestLB. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Yes. Hello. Let me add my congratulations to your very good quarter there. I have a question 
on the influenza test to begin with. So as far as I understand that, that added at least to the growth in Q2. Now, over the 
past few weeks we have seen, for example in the U.K. that they're actually not diagnosing people with swine flu 
anymore. Instead you just call a hot line and they tell you -- somebody at a computer sort of asks you some questions 
and says well yes, swine flu or no swine flew without any consumables or any testing involved. And I've also heard that 
in Germany, this is not reimbursed anymore. 

So just wondering how do you see this progressing? Do you see if there is a proper – well, if the pandemic sort of 
progresses as it has so far, do you think several more countries might do the same, have the same approach, and what 
sort of impact do you think that's going to have on Qiagen in 2009? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good question, Cornelia. There never was broad-based testing for swine 
flu, as the tests really didn't exist, and they just started coming into the laboratories over the second quarter really. The 
testing is not being done. It's only being done on sub-populations that are higher risk, and these include children or 
pregnant women or older people or people who are of some kind of other compromised in some way. So this is actually 
quite a significant subset, and for those testing is reimbursed. 

The private sector is continuing -- private insurers are continuing to reimburse also PCR testing in countries such as 
Germany and others and including other European countries. So we will continue to see testing of subsets going 
forward. If we're really thinking about what the WHO is calling for a third of the population being infected over the 
course of some time, then obviously not everybody can be tested. We should restrict testing to a certain sub-population. 
But these numbers are still so big that I think it would -- any system would have a difficult time handling that subset 
even. But again we all hope this does not happen and I think it's very difficult to predict anything at the current status 
that we are. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thanks. And then one question on applied testing, during the presentation, you said 
that the growth in applied testing was lower than in Q1 due to some one-time effects. Can you just specify what these 
one-time effects were? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: These were some shifts in customers – in customer stocking, so these are 

– at 7% of sales, these are rather small numbers, and while we still showed a very good growth, it was slightly below 
what we saw in the first quarter, which was very high growth. So there is a little bit more, let's say, a volatile 
development in the smaller customer segments, most notably applied testing. 
This is as a market that we are continuing to invest in quite significantly. You probably saw we launched the 
Bluetongue testing product, which -- for those of you who are in Europe know this is an extremely important test that 
we're now bringing online. And I have already seen some very interesting national tenders moving in our direction. So 
this is -- applied testing remains a high growth sector for many, many years to come, but as it is smaller, we'll be a little 


bit more volatile. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: All right. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Peer, I wonder if you can just talk through the emerging market growth, what the competitive 
environment like and your strategy on the diagnostic side there? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, thanks, Peter. It is a very important part of our business strategy to 
have a global approach to everything we do. What we typically do is we mirror the manufacturing into offshore 
manufacturing sites, in our case now, quite a substantial Chinese manufacturing site. The competition we have are 
typically local small players, so we are market leader in China, but there's a number two there, it's a local player. And 
number three and four, I guess are local players as well. 

So the western players are not really too present. It's very tough to compete in there with a western product. And 
therefore, we have a mix of western and locally manufactured products which has been very successful for us. The 
interesting thing is that as we have to compete with local manufacturers in China, let's say, for $3.50 on an HCV assay, 
this allows us to also expand into other emerging countries and also developing countries with similar packages. Now, 
Brazil is clearly at a very different level, so this was economically much more attractive pricing. But if you can get high 
volumes, these prices are actually -- can be given even in a very high profitability. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: And then the Diagnostics business is across the board, so in China 
we – in the emerging countries the only region where we're in blood banking directly. So we have quite a substantial 
business in a number of countries, and most notably China in blood screening. But it's not a market that we've been 
addressing yet in Europe and the U.S. directly. As some of you know, we do sell some of our products through erosion 
and other sales channels into blood screening. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: And could you walk through the approvals you're talking about for the blood banking business? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, but we have at any given time something in the range of 20 or 30 
projects in the pipeline with a regulated end-point, including a number of products that will also have arms for Chinese 
approvals. These include an updated version of our blood banking panel that will phase out the older assays and add the 
newer assays to the portfolio. 

And this should hopefully kick in sometime in early 2010, first half of 2010. This is in China at least an important 
product for us. There are also a number of other assays we have a new TB assay that's just being submitted right now. 
So it's a different panel that we have in Asia clearly to what we have in developed world. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: When are those blood-based tests going to come over to the U.S.? Or just kind of restricted for 
emerging markets? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we do have – we launched last year what in the meantime has 
been published a very high performing blood born virus panel, which includes HIV and HCV. And as the patents have 
fallen on HCV in a number of countries in 2009 and are falling in 2010, we have been selectively launching into the 
various countries this package of HIV and HCV for use on the QIAsymphony and Rotor-Gene Q and that is a different 
product. I don't think we would take a product that we manufactured for the Chinese market and take it into the western 
hemisphere. These have slightly different configurations. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Okay. Thank you so much, Peer. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Philippa Gardner with Jefferies. 

<Q - Philippa Gardner>: Hi, there. I have a question on HPV testing in the U.S., and I was wondering if you could 
maybe provide some visibility on what you see in terms of volume growth there? And what you're seeing in terms of 
impact from competitor? 

And just kind of related to that, given the economic pressures, we're hearing that visits to gynecologists are decreasing 
in the U.S., and so I wondering if there is any impact on testing volumes over there? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well, volumes, I have to go check. I think they actually increased 
in the second quarter over the first quarter, we looked at it more in a year-over-year basis, and we've seen very strong 
growth in volume. We are very successful in expanding the market. We're investing significantly in actually educating 
the physicians and educating the health systems and also the patients in the value of HPV screening. And we still 
remain – the only party really doing that right now. And I think it just shows our dedication to doing what is valuable 
for patients. 

So the market is continuing to expand. We are only at 30% penetration, i.e. only one out of – less than one out of three 
women is actually complying with the recommended screening guidelines, and this is something that we see as the big 
growth opportunity going forward. And as the market is under-penetrated, we want to continue penetration. We've 
successfully done that. 

I think we passed through the 30% mark sometime in the second quarter probably and with a very high growth rate. So 
our focus is on market expansion. We have not really seen a significant pick-up from competition. I think it was – it's in 
the meantime recognized that what had been touted as interesting new products have now been revealed as actually 
showing performances that are inferior, in some cases significantly inferior, to our solutions. At the same time, we are 
showing customers glimpses of our new packages that are now moving through the pipeline very rapidly and 
successfully, and we're getting tremendous responses. So the feedback has been very positive on the customer side. 
You can't always have 95% share of a market, but we are extremely competitive, and I think this is very visible in the 
market. 

<Q - Philippa Gardner>: And just in terms of the visits to physicians, is that having any impact? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Excuse me, yeah, very good question. With this low penetration rate that 
we have, we haven't really seen that and could very well be that we are not yet – or that some of the markets that we 
have in the meantime penetrated are the ones that are less vulnerable to these economic swings. But the impact of the 
economy is at best inconclusive with our physician customer base, and some are seeing absolutely no impact. Some are 
seeing a slight impact. But it is not one that is in any way material at the moment, and so we continue to also get 
positive feedback from our physicians and their ability to continue to convert. 

<Q - Philippa Gardner>: That's great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with First Analysis. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: My first question, I guess, Roland is for you. Why do you think your organic growth will 
accelerate in the third quarter from first half levels? 


<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Couple of reasons. First of all, just looking at the second quarter 
again, we have seen now some acceleration within the second quarter month-over-month, so I think there is clearly a 
trend indication we have seen already to happen in the second quarter. A further effect on, what we also have seen is, 
just in the number of orders we got in all the different areas, as Peer mentioned. We had some impact already we expect 
from implementations in the third quarter on implementations for swine flu testing. 

Clearly, in addition to that, what we have seen before. And third is, especially Asia is very strong right now. We have 
seen a very strong growth rate here in the second quarter, and we believe that it's going to continue. So as we said in the 
call before, it's a couple of different factors, not one big driver. It's all over the place, different segments and different 
regions. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you. And, Peer, I appreciate all that color on your blood screening strategy. How 
large a market opportunity do you think that is for you when just looking at the countries such as Brazil and China, 
which you're not I guess prohibited from entering right now because of intellectual property? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, the market is quite substantial in the emerging world. I think the 
United States and Europe are served quite well by basically two players that are to-date doing a good job in this market. 
Going forward in the western world, we would more sell through the existing channels that we have chosen as partners. 
There are some select pockets where we have direct access to the market, but this is really not in vitro diagnostics. This 
is more a quality control of a medical product. So blood screening per se is not necessarily very symbiotic with some of 
the other more high growth and promising markets that we're looking at in in-vitro diagnostics. 

And it's important – it's an important integral part of an offering in some of the emerging countries, but in the western 
world, we're looking at high growth markets such as personalized testing and asymptomatic patient screening. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: But could you size the Brazilian opportunity, for example? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, if you look at it, it's 5 million blood bags, and you look at the 
numbers that you basically have in terms of opportunity for the three assays that they would be forming, in this case, 
two assays they're performing on it. And you see it as certainly a double-digit million dollar potential, and we're sharing 
some of that profit with, or revenue, with Bio-Manguinhos and it's a five-year agreement. So it is substantial in size for 
us, but it is one of many countries that we're currently looking at. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Wu with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q>: Hi, thank you for taking the call. I'm sorry if I missed this earlier, but talking about all the opportunities in the 
emerging markets. I was wondering if you could provide an update, or let us know where your, perhaps HPV tests 
stands and what sort of opportunity that might represent? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It's a great question, and we do have a number of products that we 
also sell into developing countries and such as – we call it Care HPV now. We created a care line which includes a 
number of different assays that we're selling into developing countries. And to understand how we're moving forward 
and we will be able to talk about some concrete programs soon, is that we create standardized screening systems in 
more centralized cities and have in the decentralized regions then, systems like Care HPV that are more near-patient 
testing. 

The performance of Care HPV is spectacular. We have upgraded the product and to make it also extremely easy to use, 
and I have to say the team did a fantastic job and was internally one of the innovation award winners here at our 
company, just based on, I think the ingenuity that went into this product. 


That product is moving quite quickly now in the clinical trials and we hope to have a submission in China sometime 
over the next six months, first half of next year. In China, it's always a little bit insecure, depending on the submission 
window that you can get. And we could see a market tomorrow and we have a number of projects that are currently 
working on an RUL basis that might want to flip more quickly to a CE marked IVD product quite quickly. So all of 
these things are in the works and this is an extremely important product for us and we think it will create a huge value 
for a lot of developing countries. 

<Q>: Thank you. And the second question I had is, I don't know if Roland, you can provide a little bit more color 
around your operating margin expansion and how much head room do you see left in the operating margin? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. Clearly the second quarter was a record volume for Qiagen 
with a 30% adjusted EBIT margin, and then also clearly a bit above what we expected. If you recall our guidance for 
the year is 29% and so therefore we feel quite well on track on – for that. And the reason for that is, and I think and I 
would like also to refer to our first quarter conference call, we had some one-off expenses in the first quarter, especially 
around administration, which clearly didn't recur in the second quarter. So it's a good basis going forward, the cost 
basis we have in the second quarter. We invested, especially in 2008, quite significantly into sales and marketing 
activities and now we see the leverage coming through, so exactly as we guided for. 

In terms of R&D, as Peer said on the call, we – probably in absolute dollars now, we're going into some a little bit 
earlier than expected in the clinical trials. There might be an absolute increase in dollars, I guess relative to the 
percentage of revenues and the expenses might be in the same area as we now, might be a little bit higher. 

<Q>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Thank you. Solveigh, do we have... 

Operator 

Your next question comes from 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: One. Okay. 

Operator 

The line of Daniel Wendorff, CEFA 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Very well. 

<Q>: Hi, good afternoon. The first question on organic growth, may we have please an idea of the organic growth for 
both consumer growth and instruments? And also, could you indicate what was the actual impact of H1N1 in Q2? 

Second question, on QIAensemblers, could you please remind us approximately the total number of patients you need 
to recruit for the validation of the different PCs and assays on the QIAensemblers and which also timeframe, the total, 
you should allocate to this? Thanks. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Yeah. Hi, Rudolph I would probably take the first question 
Peer. And in terms of organic growth, it's at overall 12% for the company. In the second quarter, consumable 86% of 
the results around on 12%, and instrumentation organic growth was somewhere, I think, very wide, somewhere 
between 25 and 30%. And the other was negative, but others also maintained below 1% of all revenues, so and in total 
it gets us the 12%. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. And to the second two questions, again, as I said, it's very 
difficult to quantify, because some of these government institutions are long-standing customers and they were buying 
components and generic reagents in addition to instrumentation. We assume it was several million in consumable sales 


in this – in the second quarter. We have a big pipeline of instrumentation also related to some national tenders that 
we're actually already now closed and we're looking forward to also shipping in over the next periods. 

The – I'd say the first stocking was really minimal, and what we expect is to see a continued demand from swine flu, 
even to cover basic needs currently over the next few months. On top of that, on QIAensemble, I'd like to maybe refer 
to when we start the clinical trials, which we expect in a few weeks. This will be quite an interesting event. We have 
been progressing extremely well with QIAensemble. 

Some of you might have noticed recent papers coming out on the performance of the assay and also the performance of 
the instrument, and they are setting a completely new paradigm in high throughput screening for a number of different 
targets. We also announced the first data on the performance of the assay, which I think is also here, a totally new 
standard. 

The size of the clinical trial and all these things I'd like to maybe highlight at a later point in time, when we can talk 
about it completely. But we're moving very quickly, and we will do a gold standard clinical trial in this space. We owe 
that to our franchise, and we will not cut corners as we have partially seen in the past. This is an important event for us, 
and we'll talk about it at an upcoming event. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. And just maybe a final question, do you still expect the clinical launch of ResPlex to happen in 
Europe this quarter? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: The ResPlex II has been C marked, yes. ResPlex II has been C marked 
in Europe and this is available. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: And we have a number of ResPlex add-ons that we have in the pipeline 
which include also H1N1 subtyping. We've gotten demand from a number of agencies, including also in the U.S., to get 
the regulatory submissions for that, and we're debating that right now. But it's quite an interesting product, especially 
now in the wake of respiratory diseases such as swine flu. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Un Kwon-Casado with Wedbush Morgan. 

<Q - Un Kwon-Casado>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. How are you? 

<Q - Un Kwon-Casado>: Good. I was wondering, would you be able to give us an update on your development plans 
for interim HPV automation solutions? And are you on track to launch the personal processor by the end of the year? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Good question Un, we didn't address that adequately, I think. 
What we call the QIAensemble evolution package, which includes the up-front de-capping sample extraction and 
linking that to the HC2 product, this is moving very, very nicely, and you probably saw some original posters. The 
performance of the chemistries and the automation are superb, and we have published that at recent events. It has 
created lot of excitement. We expect a big demand for these products. 

We are moving into a PMA supplement. We hope to be able to start that late this year as everything – as we originally 
planned. And this is a much shorter process obviously than a full-fledged PMA, and we hope to have a product out late 
in 2010. This is something we're racing towards, and in Europe the product will be available obviously earlier. 


The combination of the de-capping, the sample extraction, and the current rapid capture system, all on the HC2 system, 
is now based on everything we see in the market, superior both in terms of work flow automation and also certainly in 
terms of clinical performance, superior to anything I've seen even on the horizon in HPV screening. And on top of that, 
in the very near future, we're going to come out with the QIAensemble. So we feel very good about our competitive 
position near-term and also long-term. 

<Q - Un Kwon-Casado>: Great. And just secondly, would you be able to give us your level of HLA typing revenue, 
and what is your share in this market? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well, the [inaudible] (58.12) product portfolio that we had been 
selling since 2002, we acquired that with the acquisition of GenoVision, and we decided to keep that on because there 
were synergies with other products, but we obviously were never happy with the profitability, as we had a very low 
distribution margin. Professor [inaudible] (58.34) is a very well-known transplantation scientist. This portfolio, 
however, was widely used throughout the world really. 

We also pushed it through an FDA approval earlier this year and generated in sum about 20 million in sales. We 
discontinued the sales of the SSP product portfolio; those 20 million in sales were now discontinued. And we're taking 
forward the sample preparation and the new sequence-based typing assays that give a very high resolution with full 
sequence analysis. There are certain benefits in doing that. And therefore those have been growing a lot faster. SSP 
testing has been pretty low growth. 

And the overall market for HLA testing is probably in the range of 250 to 300 million. I'd just to check the last numbers 
as a very substantial market leader with an overall package and a number of smaller players. In the high resolution PCR 
based area; we were one of the largest player, if not even the largest player. And while this was an interesting market 
position to have, it just didn't give the growth because there were newer technologies that emerged, and we're pretty 
confident that we can move to a very high growth and very substantial revenue base using our new SBT assays. 

<Q - Un Kwon-Casado>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam with Summer Street Research. 

<Q - Spencer Nam>: Thanks for taking my questions. Most of them have been answered, but I just have one question 
on the HPV. I was just curious if you see any competitive products in the marketplace and how they are competing 
against current DNA path and any thoughts on sort of how you guys plan to address the competitive pressures as you 
go forward? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think we're very accustomed to competition, and we're very 
successful in dealing with that. We have 30 competitors in Europe and are holding a 70 probably even more percent 
share, and our competitors in Europe include almost every diagnostic company in the world. And this shows the 
superiority of our solution package and the way we market this product and the way we're working with our customers 
to expand the market. In the U.S., there will be several competitors. 

The current competitive situation is actually for us much better than we had originally planned. Remember the original 
business plan back in 2007 when we acquired Diagen called for at least two competitors to be in the market by today, 
and we barely have one. So it's certainly something that we're dealing with, and to-date I think the competition – 
competitive situation clearly have been around the superiority of our product and the solution package that we offer 
today and have in the pipeline, and this makes us feel quite comfortable for the future. 

<Q - Spencer Nam>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Christian Packebusch with HSBC. 

<Q - Christian Packebusch>: Yes, hello, gentlemen. Christian Packebusch with HSBC. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi Christian. 

<Q - Christian Packebusch>: I have only one question left. Actually it's also an update on HPV tests in Europe. And 
is there anything you can update us on the reimbursement? I mean you have recently said in the last conference call, I 
guess, was it on the Netherlands as an example that may -- be a country that may start reimbursement very soon? Is 
there anything else you can say on that? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, there was supposed to be a session in the second quarter in 
parliament and this has now been moved to the third quarter. So they hope to make a decision on this sometime this 
year. I'd say it's more a timing issue now, and -- so that's certainly one country, which is quite interesting, which is 
going to primary screening on HPV only. We are, however, very active in a number of other countries as well, which 
include also Germany, Italy, and other countries as well. 

We have been able to receive reimbursement from a number of private insurances also in Germany, and are just 
moving one at a time. It is a very complex market in Europe compared to what you have in the United States, and we 
are basically looking at the most attractive opportunities and going for those first. So it's really one step at a time here, 
one country at a time, but the near-term one is as everybody says, the Netherlands we have some large screening 
programs that we won in Italy and Spain and a number of other countries as well, and we'll continue to work on those. 

Those were all won in the second quarter by the way with full competition against all competitive solutions in the 
market even with some that had not yet been introduced. And we took the lead very handsomely there, and that's 
something that we're seeing ongoing right now. Mexico, we already talked about, and we announced that last year. 
Also here a big screening program ongoing with our products. So a lot of things happening right now, but it's really 
country and some cases region by region. 

<Q - Christian Packebusch>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Romain Zana with Exane BNP Paribas. 

<Q - Romain Zana>: Good morning, gentlemen, and congratulations on the strong quarter. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<Q - Romain Zana>: First question, just on regarding guide mid teens. Just could you give us more details on the 
impact of the growth recommendation that we have from the health authority on the companion diagnostics and maybe 
how many products are a concern by the accommodation? Just can we assume all the prior sequencing of projects? And 
the second question on swine flu, do you see still a significant impact on the coming quarters from swine flu testing or 
in the case of the economy, do you think that the necessity of this testing would be no longer relevant? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. The first question on personalized medicine, we today have about 
15 tests. I think I showed a chart in the last conference call on our personalized medicine portfolio, which is really just 
an excerpt. We today have quite a substantial portfolio of also regulated assays for personalized testing, and it's 
something that we're expanding continually. The recent recommendations on some major blockbuster drugs, but also 
on some smaller ones have really created something like a breakthrough, and what we're seeing now is that there is a 


tremendous level of activity in pharma that we're working on here, and we're very excited about the pipeline, and are 
spending a lot of time in this space. It is extremely important for us. We expect these potential companion diagnostic 
programs to turn into companion diagnostics and to real revenue generators than over time. 

So we're building a long-term sustainable assay pipeline in collaboration with partners which is really perfect, and it's a 
substantial value generator also for health care systems, so I expect health care systems to continue to support this and 
to push also industry into this direction as they're doing already. There's also a substantial profit opportunity for pharma 
companies as well here in this space. And it's really almost a win-win for everybody. 

In terms of swine flu testing, yes, we do what we have seen right now in the second quarter is really anecdotal. This has 
been very low volume testing. And so would it increase? Yeah, I'm pretty sure it will increase. I don't think everybody 
with the flu will get tested and shouldn't get tested. I think it would totally overwhelm our health care system, but we 
will see should the pandemic continue to expand, we will see a step up in testing as well. 

<Q - Romain Zana>: Just going back on the first question, who is your biggest customer in that field? I mean, if it's 
just pharma, in order to fine-tune their clinical trials? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: While we have had a business of somewhere in the range of over 150 
million in Pharma accounts per year, and this is very much increasingly so in the overlap between development and 
discovery, so we're working increasingly also on development programs. This is – so these will be the partners, and 
they would include also – we sell to almost any pharma company in the world. There are several that we have closer 
relationships with. 

In the past, we have never announced those, and we won't want to change that now. But, what our customers would be 
laboratories that would be purchasing our products for routine testing, and we for instance in KRAS have set up a 
number of laboratories in Europe, where customers purchased our solutions and brought this assay online and started 
selling it as commercial laboratories, and this would be then the customer for us. 

<Q - Romain Zana>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

At this time, we have reached the end of the Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dr. Solveigh 
Mähler. 

Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations and Public Relations 

Thank you very much, Molly. With this I would like to close the conference call by thanking you all by participating. 
We hope to welcome you again to our third quarter results conference call on Tuesday, November 10, 2009. If you 
have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to conduct us. Again, thank you very much, and have a nice day. 
Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


