Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 
• Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 
• Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Quintin Lai 
• Doug Schenkel 
• Daniel Wendorff 
• Peter Lawson 
• Dan Leonard 
• Cornelia Thomas 
• Peter Welford 
• Christian Peter 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is [Komiko] , and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the QIAGEN First Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Dr. Solveigh Mähler. Thank you, Dr. Mähler. You may begin your 
conference. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Thank you very much, Komiko, and hello, everybody. Welcome to QIAGEN's first quarter 2010 earnings conference 
call. I'm Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at QIAGEN. With me on the call are QIAGEN's CEO, Peer 
Schatz and QIAGEN's CFO, Roland Sackers. 

We issued the press release last night, announcing QIAGEN's financial results for the first quarter ending March 31, 
2010, describing the company's recent business highlights. A copy of this announcement as well as the presentation we 
will be using during this conference call can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our homepage at 
www.qiagen.com. 

This conference call will cover a 30-minute presentation, followed by a Q&A session. The time of the conference call 
is set as 1 hour. We therefore would like to ask you to please limit yourself to only 2 questions during the Q&A 
session. The call will be archived on our web site. 

Before I turn over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussion and the responses to your questions 
reflect management's view as of today, May 4, 2010. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have our press release 


and presentation in front of you, since our financial results and detailed commentaries are included and will correspond 
to the discussions that follow. 

As we say information today to help you better understand our business, it is important to keep in mind that we will 
make statements and provide responses in the course of this conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, 
expectations or predictions of the future. These constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe 
Harbor provision. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause QIAGEN's 
actual results to differ materially from those projected. QIAGEN disclaims any intention or obligation to revise any 
forward-looking statements. 

In addition, certain statements contained in this presentation are based on company assumptions, including but not 
limited to revenue allocations based on business segments or customer profits. For the description of such risks and 
uncertainties, please refer to the discussions and reports that QIAGEN has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission. 

Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures 
to GAAP can be found in the press release on our web site. 

With this I would like to hand over to Peer Schatz. Peer? 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Thanks, Solveigh, and welcome to our call. We are very pleased to report the results of our first quarter 2010. 
We delivered a strong start into this new year. We also feel confident to continue on this path of strong performance 
over the next 3 quarters. As such, we are today reiterating our forecast for the year. 

As you saw from the numbers published yesterday, we reported 20% net sales growth, with revenues of 265 million for 
the first quarter of 2010, thereby attaining the high end of the guidance, which we set forth in February. Our organic 
growth continues to develop very well. Overall, for the first quarter we recorded approximately 11% organic growth, 
thus matching the strong organic growth we saw in the first quarter of 2009, which has set the stage for a record year 
for QIAGEN. Net income grew an adjusted 22%, and adjusted EPS exceeded our guidance range at $0.20 for the 
quarter. 

We are particularly pleased with the underlying momentum at QIAGEN. Our innovation initiatives continue to bear 
fruit, reinforcing that our innovation engine is working well. We expect the pipeline of products we developed in 2009 
will contribute to this basis for strong growth and competitive differentiation in 2010 and beyond. We launched 14 new 
products in the first quarter of this year with 4% of sales coming from products launched in the trailing 12 months. As 
we have previously presented, when looking over the last 3 years, approximately 20% of revenues are coming from 
newly-launched product. 

Overall our organization performed very well in the first quarter, across all functions and geographies. Our 
industry-leading organic growth and consistent delivery of financial results is a great testament to our teams worldwide. 
We are incredibly proud of the dedication and passion of our employees, and I would also like to take this opportunity 
to thank them. As this intrinsic dedication, passion and competency of our teams continues to increase in importance, 
we are also investing more than most companies in attracting and developing the best talent in the industry. 

We are routinely recognized for these efforts. I am therefore particularly pleased that for the second time in a row, we 
received one of the most renowned recognitions in this area where we are not only ranked as a top employer, but also 
ranked first in terms of employee development programs. This particular survey was conducted out of Germany, but 
surveys global companies. 

Our worldwide internal development programs, which span the gamut from standard training in the sciences and 
languages to other skills up to fully-accredited MBA programs are truly unique. And talent is one of the key drivers of 
our success, it is an important pillar for QIAGEN's future. 


In terms of customer classes, we will go into greater detail on this later but here are the headlines; solid growth in 
academia and pharma with 12 and 13% growth respectively, very strong growth in applied testing, which is 7% of our 
sales with 28% growth, and finally, strong performance also in molecular diagnostics with 15% growth. As I 
mentioned, we will go into more details later. 

Now, I would like to hand over the call to Roland for a review of the financials. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Peer, and good afternoon everyone in Europe, and good morning to those joining from the U.S. As Peer 
shared with you, we had a strong start into 2010, similar to 2009. The first quarter reflected very solid financial 
performance, demonstrating the robustness of our product portfolio all the while facing up the lingering challenges still 
present in some of the global economies. Our financial result exceeded our guidance for adjusted EPS and came in at 
the high end of our guidance range for revenues. These results underscore our focus on execution, internally this new 
product introductions and volume increase at our existing portfolio, and also externally for key acquisitions which 
typically catalyze our internal initiatives. 

Based on January 31, 2010 foreign currency exchange rate, we recorded sales of $265 million, thus at the high end of 
the guidance range of 255 to $265 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 
increased to $0.20 per share, thereby exceeding our guidance range of 0.18 to $0.19. 

Our growth, particularly organic, continues to be industry-leading. In addition, we continuously seek out new and 
exciting technologies through acquisition. As we progress now through the second quarter, despite seeing some 
renewed concerns in certain economies, we remain confident in our leading position and are well on track to meet our 
full-year guidance in terms of revenues and earnings. 

In summary, the first quarter was a strong start for 2010 in terms of financial performance and strategic goals at 
QIAGEN. 

Please bring your attention now to slide 6 as I will delve a little more into the various growth drivers that contributed to 
the significant 20% top line growth we reported for the first quarter. With 11% organic growth, we once again recorded 
an organic growth rate at the forefront of our peers. Significant drivers of this leading position were a 5% increase in 
volume and, importantly, a 4% increase in revenues coming from product introductions over the last 12 months, which 
highlights QIAGEN's track record of innovation. This 5% growth for acquisition was mainly due to the acquisitions of 
DxS and SABiosciences. Both of these exciting acquisitions we expect to contribute to maintaining our 
industry-leading position. 

Our product mix in the first quarter was more heavily weighted towards instrument sales which principally put some 
pressure on the gross margin but which we were able to offset through efficiencies gained by a number of production 
site initiatives. I will shortly come back to discuss in greater detail the particular instrument offerings that came in 
strong in the first quarter. 

As noted in our earnings release, our EBIT margin for the first quarter was 28%, a 100 basis point increase over the 
comparable quarter in 2009. This was primarily due to improvements we made in managing operating expenses 
through various sales and marketing measures as well achieving greater leverage on the administration side. 
Conversely, we increased R&D expense by 23%, reflecting the priority that our RD pipeline has within QIAGEN. 

In terms of adjusted net income, it showed strong growth of 22% in comparison to the first quarter 2009 from 
approximately $40 million to $49 million. The contributing factor to the level of our net income is our commitment to 
balancing growth with prudent cost control. While we have invested in innovation, we have also maintained a strong 
discipline to improve our efficiencies. 

As you can see during the first quarter, exchange rate fluctuations brought a tailwind of approximately 6% to our top 
line revenues. Excluding the favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates, net sales for the first quarter 2010 


would have increased by 14% from the first quarter 2009. The main currency influences to revenue came from the U.S. 
dollar, euro; U.S. dollar, Australian dollar; and the U.S. dollar, pound sterling fluctuation. 

Moving on to our revenue distribution for the first quarter, we continued to show solid growth across all our product 
portfolios. The growth in consumables grew on constant currencies 10% over the prior year. Our consumable portfolio, 
which represents approximately 86% of our total net sales, contributed 15% growth including the impact of currencies. 

Our instrumentation products contributed approximately 14% of proven net sales and continued to show high growth 
rate of 46%, which translated to 37% at constant exchange rates. 

Highlights within our instrumentation portfolio were automation platforms such as our EZ1 Advanced XL, the 
QIAsymphony, the QIAgility, the Pyromark and the Rotor-Gene Q. 

Also, while the QIAsymphony system is now not new anymore, per se, the platform continues to evolve with such 
introductions as the QIAsymphony-AS and RGQ. We believe our instrument portfolio remains optimally positioned to 
address opportunities emerging from the U.S. stimulus bill. 

On a geographic basis, net sales in Europe showed strong growth. Notable are the contributions from products through 
the ESE and DxS acquisitions, particularly, Asia remained a strong driver of growth. Even during the global economic 
slowdown, we significantly expended our business in the region in both the life science research and molecular 
diagnostic sectors. 

In 2009, we cemented our presence with our new Asia headquarter in Shanghai's Biotech Valley. We are pleased with 
the growth in the Americas, although Q1 was impacted to some degree, particularly on the East Coast by traveler 
transportation restrictions brought on by the severe winter storms. 

Throughout the quarter we saw a significant demand from the molecular diagnostics and applied testing customer 
classes across all geographic regions. Growth in academia came in strong at 12%. 

Finally, as we noted in our earnings call in February, we expected some softness to remain in the pharma class, mainly 
in the discovery arm, although this area is beginning to show signs of picking up in terms of growth. 

Moving onto slide 7, I'll spend a minute highlighting the key figures from our cash flow and balance sheet. For the first 
quarter in 2010 we have more than doubled our operating cash flow to $30 million in comparison to the first quarter 
2009, and also our free cash flow increased significantly, all this while still taking into consideration the significant 
investments we made during the quarter. Capital expenditures grew to 17 million, mainly due to the site expansion 
efforts in Europe, in the U.S. and in Asia. 

Looking forward, we expect to grow cash flow in the second quarter, as the investments we have made in efficiencies 
begin to bear fruit. In comparison to the first quarter 2009, with regard to the depreciation and amortization, the figures 
include components from the DxS and SABiosciences acquisition and smaller components from the acquisition of ESE. 

I would also like to address a few metrics relating to our liquidity and capital structure. With a group liquidity figure of 
$889 million, we remain in a strong position. We have approximately $50 million in near-term debt obligation. In 
consideration of this and our strong continued cash-generation ability, we are very well prepared to fund future growth. 
Further highlighting our liquidity position is our equity ratio of 61% and the net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.2. 

Our reported tax rate go up to 20% in the first quarter 2010 after 24% in the first quarter 2009, reflecting ongoing 
improvements. One of the drivers behind this is the shift of income from high-tax jurisdictions to low-tax jurisdictions 
in line with our regional growth developments. Our adjusted tax rate increased to 30% interalia due to the effects from 
the integration of SABiosciences in the U.S. This impact will be diminished over the year and we are well on track to 
reduce our tax burden. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 


Thanks, Roland. As always, we pick several topics on which we will give an update today. The agenda of these next 
few minutes can be found on slide 8. 

But turning to slide 9, we wanted to take the opportunity to walk you through some details on our performance in the 
various customer classes. Sales of QIAGEN products to customers in molecular diagnostics continued to perform very 
well. We recorded growth of 15% in this area, which represents about 45% of our sales. Our end markets, large 
hospitals, reference labs, and specialized testing centers, among others, continued to perform solidly, and the segments 
we sell into also continued to have robust outlook. 

In terms of profiling assays, primarily molecular assays for virology, genetics, microbiology and mycology as well as 
platform technologies, growth continued very well, in particular in Europe. In the U.S., the market for prevention 
assays saw several developments including impact from the severe weather where prevention assays still continue to 
grow at rates comparable to Q4 of 2009. 

The market for HPV screening in the U.S. is under 40% penetrated and we are moving very aggressively to drive 
penetration of HPV testing through standardization on our HPV testing solutions and continue the progress in 
converting new accounts here. We are very active in the U.S. with initiatives to further penetrate the market, and as we 
announced also in the last few months, have many ongoing programs in Europe and Asia as well. Importantly, we are 
on track and are actively preparing the launch of our QIAensemble screening platform with our new suite of HPV 
assays in Europe for later this year. 

In terms of personalized healthcare, our focus was on the integration of the TheraScreen line of product acquired in our 
acquisition of DxS as well as the developments of new QIAGEN assays for existing targets such as EGFR, KRAS and 
others. We had significant efforts in the last few months during the integration of DxS to upgrade the DxS assays to 
leverage all QIAGEN technology portfolio can offer, and are pleased to report that we have made significant progress 
on this front. In addition, we are seeing great momentum with our personalized healthcare partnering strategy as it is 
increasingly clear that we are building the leading independent companion diagnostic platform on QIAsymphony. We 
are seeing a significant inflow of deals and interest as such. 

In the first quarter we announced a very interesting partnership with Pfizer, and have signed others as well, which we 
have not announced. The portfolio is rapidly expanding, and we are actively driving the expansion of our partnership 
and menu portfolio. 

I would like to take a moment to make clear on this slide where our personalized healthcare franchise contributes 
revenue. Deals with pharma companies for product such as companion diagnostics contribute revenues in 2 ways, 
firstly we receive revenues from pharma companies to fund development of the assays, and then secondly, we receive 
revenues from end customers, typically laboratories, using the diagnostics. 

Moving on, in applied testing about 7% of our sales we have seen strong growth as well, reporting 28% growth for the 
quarter. Here we are rapidly building menu, and our new platforms and new menu are creating a lot of demand. This is 
a smaller market, and while we expect growth will remain high, growth can typically be more volatile. 

Pharma came is as expected with strong development related sales, however we are continuing to experience some 
softness in sales to customers performing discovery. Growth was strong in the pharma class, and particularly due to 
new product additions and growth in Asia. Further, SABiosciences products are seeing a strong uptake in this area as 
well. 

In academia we saw good growth in Q1. Stimulus-related revenue is only a small part of this performance, as we 
believe only a small fraction of funding has actually been spent so far. In addition, we are seeing a very solid uptake of 
new technologies in this area. Our growth also here is very strong in Asia. 

What is noteworthy is that for all sales channels we had significant training initiatives in January and February as part 
of our E2 initiative. E2 stands for efficiency and effectiveness in our sales channel. This year we are focusing heavily 
on both broad based as well as sales-rep-specific training. On average our sales representatives received more than 1 
week of specialized training in this first quarter. 


Turning to slide 10, here is an overview of some of the new product additions we launched in Q1 2010 in Sample & 
Assay Technologies. What I would like to highlight on this slide is the allocation of these products to specific customer 
classes, seen here on the right side of the slide. This shows nicely that we position products for multiple customer 
classes, and thereby obtain a lot of traction for fast value creation after launch. Some, like new assays for 
varicella-zoster virus or VZV and BK virus are clearly more clinical products. Others, like new sample technologies, 
which expand the menu of QIAcube are targeted to all markets. Of significant note, the menu of automated sample 
technologies of QIAcube, just here as an example, exceeds 200 protocols today. 

Now turning to slide 11, here I'd like to highlight 3 selected products. The first product on this list is a very interesting 
new platform called QIAxtractor. Like the name suggests, the system automates sample processing and nucleic acid 
extraction. What makes it special is its high flexibility, very low cost point and it's ability to automate a broad portfolio 
of QIAGEN plate-based consumables. Basically, it can process any sample for any type of nucleic acid. It is at an 
attractive price point, as I said, and a full range of features have been made for this very popular choice in academia 
and also molecular diagnostics in emerging countries including in China. 

The second product is quite different. I chose to highlight this as we are often asked how we play in next-gen 
sequencing. Most of you know that we are the owners of some key patents in next-gen sequencing and are receiving 
important royalties in this aspect. At the same time, we've commercialized on such technology in a diagnostic 
sequencing platform family, the pyrosequencing product portfolio. That product portfolio is growing very nicely and 
has surpassed even our own highest expectation. 

Concurrently, this and other technologies are used for whole genome sequencing, where not only targeted genes are 
sequenced, such as with our pyrosequencers, but significant portions of or even whole genome. And for such products, 
we launched the SeqTarget product line, which provides unique advantages in preparing and enriching samples prior to 
next-gen sequencing. 

The uniqueness of this product line comes from 3 elements that are integrated into this product: number 1, a very novel 
and powerful long-range PCR solution; number 2, a novel and proprietary very interesting normalization technology 
that ensures that DNA quantities are standardized which is a very critical feature; and 3, a specifically designed 
purification step for the resulting product. This system has shown that it can provide the highest quality template, the 
most of the major next-gen generation sequencing platform and can also be automated. 

The third product on this list is the QIAsymphony AS system. The QIAsymphony AS integrates into the very 
successful QIAsymphony SP system, which provides the steps from a primary tube to a purified nucleic acid. Now with 
the QIASymphony AS, the user can extend the workflow from the purified nucleic acid to include the assay set-up. In 
other words, he or she simply loads the assays and the QIAsymphony AS will completely automate all steps to a 
finished assay now, including the step from a purified nucleic acid to a fully prepared acid for both commercial assays 
and also homebrew, depending on the regulatory demand. 

This is a truly unique and the first to the world in terms of bandwidth, all in, continuous load and random access. The 
combination of the QIAsymphony SP and AS modules serve as the basis of a very exciting QIAsymphony-RGQ 
system which is launching with an unprecedented menu of molecular diagnostic assays in Europe and many countries 
around the world, and which we will talk about in more detail in our next conference call. Again, these were just three 
highlights of 14 products launched in the first quarter 2010. 

Turning to slide 12, as demonstrated, we once – with once again strong growth rates in this first quarter and further 
expectations of strong growth as well, our company is preparing its infrastructure to meet these demands. We have 
world-class operations today, in many cases fully automated and designed to meet the high standards of today and also 
tomorrow. I won't go into the details here but we wanted to highlight them as many of you have seen them recently and 
a lot of the activities that are ongoing during your visits at our site. 

Now turning to slide 13, we wanted to get some further feedback on the impact of the healthcare reform in the United 
States on our operating and financial performance. The major impact comes from the net result of two elements of the 
reform. Number 1, a positive element, if I might call so from our perspective – if I might call it that from our 


perspective, is the increase of the insured population; number 2, a negative effect from an excise tax on all of our sales 
of certain products for clinical diagnostic use. Now the tax will kick in in 2013 and the benefits from the increased 
insured patient population will materialize in 2014, therefore there's a transition year in 2013 with a net negative 
impact. However, thereafter we expect a very positive net contribution. 

With that, I will turn over to Roland for an update on guidance. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Peer. Moving on to the second quarter 2010 expectations on slide 14, while globally continue to experience 
economic uncertainties, QIAGEN is uniquely positioned and as such we have much room for future growth. We are 
seeing a number of exciting opportunities ranging from increased market penetration of our existing portfolio to new 
product introductions. 

Let me now turn to our financial expectations for the second quarter and then provide you with some of the 
assumptions behind that. For the second quarter, we anticipate revenues to be approximately 265 to $280 million using 
our guidance rate established on January 31 of this year. Using actual rates, you would expect to have a revenue impact 
of approximately $5 million less, but with no impact on operating margin or EPS because of our natural hedge. 

As I'm sure you have noticed, our revenue guidance range for the second quarter is larger than we typically give on a 
quarterly basis. The rationale for the wider range is that we have a number of opportunities driven by external factors 
such as pharma partnerships. While the timing of pharma milestone payments do not make a difference on an annual 
basis, between quarters the revenue recognition could vary. 

Moving on, we expect for the second quarter an adjusted earnings per share to be between 0.21 and $0.22 based on 
January 31, 2010 exchange rate. In terms of adjustment to operating income, we expect equity-based compensation 
expense of between 3 and $4 million, amortization of acquired IP of approximately $21 million, business integration 
and restructuring expenses of 5 to $6 million. For the second quarter we believe our adjusted tax rate to be in the range 
of 27 and 30%. The weighted average number of fully diluted shares outstanding will be around 242 million for the 
second quarter 2010. 

With that, I would like to hand back to Peer. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Roland. So turning to slide 15, we are very pleased with our start into 2010. Growth in revenues and EPS came 
in strong. We are delivering industry-leading innovation despite the less than ideal economic environment. Thanks to 
the structure of our end markets and our strong position. We continue – we expect to continue our track record of 
strong growth, and we are on track to meet our guidance for the full year. With that, I will hand back to Solveigh to 
open up for Q&A. Solveigh? 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Thank you very much, Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. I would like to open the Q&A 
session by handing over to the operator. Komiko? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 


<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi. Good afternoon or good morning. Congratulations on a nice start to the year, guys. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey. Good morning, Quintin. Thanks. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Looking at your pharma performance, it's one of the more – probably the most impressive 
performances of other tools companies in the quarter. So, Peer, could you go into a little bit more detail about why do 
you think you're growing faster than what pharma demand is for other tools companies? And is it just converting more 
of their homebrew over to your instruments, or are you opening up new market opportunities? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: It's a very interesting area, as you highlight, and it seems like we simply 
are addressing a sweet spot in their pharma development activities. As the development budgets typically are 75% of 
the overall pharma R&D spend, this was an area that was previously less open to molecular testing technologies, but 
over the last, let's say, 2 to 3 years it has started to open up quite aggressively. And we are uniquely positioned with 
molecular testing tools that are not only capable of addressing the needs and discovery, but they also allow a seamless 
migration of these solutions into the development and maybe even clinical use downstream. That seamless continuum 
is of a significant value to our pharma customers, and therefore we're not only getting traction in the development arm, 
but also in discovery. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: And then just as a quick follow-up, and I'll jump back into the queue, Roland, could you remind us 
again kind of what the impact of FX is on your company, given kind of your balance natural hedge of U.S.-European 
operations? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, thanks. Ad clearly an important question, and first and 
foremost it's important to know that on the profitability side because of our natural hedge, especially between U.S. 
dollar and euro, we really don't expect material impacts in terms of margins and in terms of EPS for the year, despite 
the effect on the dollar and euro what we're seeing right now. Of course, we have a certain impact on the revenue line, 
as I also laid out here for the second quarter in terms of actual rate compared to guidance rate. Nevertheless it shouldn't 
have any meaningful impact to profitability, and I would expect this to be the case for the rest of the year as well. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question is from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Doug. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: So your debt-to-EBITDA ratio is now down close to 0, 0.2. Would you comment on the 
possibility that you might more aggressively deploy your balance sheet? Is there – I guess what I'm getting at is is there 
still a strong preference for acquisitions, or would there be any thought to maybe trying to clean up the debt or share 
buyback or other uses of cash? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. I'll maybe add a few comments, and Roland if you have something 
to add after that. I think that the reason why we are in a fortunate position with such a strong balance sheet is that we 
expect a very dynamic time of strategic opportunity in front of us. This does not mean that we always said that we're 
not looking for mega deals or massive deployments now of these funds that we have available, but we just think it's 
extremely important in this time to have a very significant degree of financial flexibility. At the same time, we have – a 
second reason was that in times of financial market uncertainty, we didn't want to have too much risk from certain 
repayments coming up starting 2011 on our debt positions, and today we are in an extremely comfortable position to 
choose now the optimal usage of capital going forward. I think we have always been clear that we expect an underlying 
trend of small or medium-sized acquisitions similar to what we saw in 2009, that these types of opportunities might 
actually increase going forward, depending on the development of the financial markets. Roland? 


<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Really, not too much to add, I think, probably the 1 thing I 
think which of course is key as Peer mentioned is clearly flexibility, and we do have, as you all know, in 2011 a first 
convert coming up, and so we have a lot of flexibility in financing for us. We clearly secured attractive financing stems 
for QIAGEN. And right now we also see still a very attractive market for especially smaller and mid-sized companies, 
where we can do accretive deals for short-term accretions. So, again, we are quite busy right now. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Great. And if I could just ask a follow-up, you've indicated that the discovery part of the 
pharma end market remains soft. You also said you haven't seen a whole lot in the way of stimulus spending in the 
U.S., but it sounds like you are fairly enthusiastic about the outlook, at least relative to where we've been the last few 
quarters on both sides. Would you be able to just provide a little bit more detail on what you're seeing that makes you 
feel a little bit better about discovery and the pace of U.S. stimulus spending in the academic market? Thank you for 
taking the questions. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Doug, thanks. Yeah, I'm not sure if I used the word enthusiastic. I 
would say cautiously optimistic is – or in some regions actually optimistic is probably the better word. What we're 
definitely seeing is that the focus on research on the short term but also over the longer term is increasing. And that 
we're also seeing that certain restrictions on the state fundings side has partially been compensated and we're now 
looking at easier comparables to prior quarters, i.e. some of the cutbacks that happened in the university systems have 
been dealt with now and the base is a little bit easier now to take forward and to see growth from. 

So that is on the academic side. Underlying our expectations for a continued growth of research funding is, in most 
geographies, quite good in the U.S. We've heard statements that only 10% of stimulus funding has been spent in the 
first quarter, might be a little bit more, might be a little bit less. But that – you'll see pretty similar numbers come from 
most sources. 

In terms of the pharma discovery side, the reason why we're still a little bit cautious there is that there have been 
changes announced or rumored changes in this area and I would say that the overall long-term structures in some of the 
pharma discovery areas have not yet settled in and therefore we are more betting on the development side which is 
really an ongoing set of trains versus discovery which is something that is a little bit more flexible or more used for 
short-term expansion or, in this case, potentially restriction. So our expectation for pharma discovery remains soft. Our 
expectations for academia are a little bit better than the pharma discovery and our expectations for pharma development 
are strong. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Daniel Wendorff from Commerzbank. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for taking my questions. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Daniel. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Hi. 2 – I actually have – 1 is regarding your instrumentation performance in Q1. I would be 
interested in getting a figure there for organic revenue growth? Was it purely organic, and also which instruments 
contributed most to that quite impressive performance? Secondly, I was wondering whether you can give me an update 
on the overall prevention market in this area, in particular, how do you see the competitive landscape in the U.S. and 
what is happening in Europe currently with regards to broader reimbursements? Thank you very much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Roland, do you want to take the first question? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, let me start with the first 1 and – yeah, we clearly had a great 
start with instrumentation and 37% growth in the first quarter is clearly a perfect start into the year. Main drivers – and 
by the way, all organically – main drivers is clearly the EZ1, Advanced XL, and the QIAsymphony but also 
instruments like the PyroMark and Rotor-Gene Q did very well. So we are very pleased with this performance of our 
instrumentation business because, as you know, each instrument placed leads into future consumable growth and now 


we have -- we are now in the third year of an outstanding instrumentation performance. So all the emphasis we put into 
instrument developments over the last years is now really reflected also in our revenue growth. So we are quite proud 
here on our performance. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: And that's quite a high number in the current environment, I was just wondering how that 
could be actually? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: As Peer mentioned before, we really haven't seen too much stimulus 
in the year so far. We have seen a little bit in the first quarter on the instrumentation side, but I wouldn't call it 
significant. In some other European countries, we have seen a little bit more. But again, I think, it has to do with the 
strength of our portfolio with the innovation level of our instrumentation that they're really on a different level, and 
that's the same what we do expect going forward with the QIAensemble and in terms of QIAsymphony-RGQ. So I 
think it's really about being an integrated instrumentation and consumable good company is a significant advantage in 
this space. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. And now if I may add to that, they were definitely highlights, so 
we're seeing a very good uptake of the QIAsymphony systems, we're seeing a very good uptake of the newly-added 
detection technologies, Pyrosequencing and the Rotor-Gene Q system. And the QIAsymphony SP system, and now 
also the AS that was added, they are so interesting because with each of these placements, we have the ability to 
modularly add to that piece of real estate that we have and a customer has allowed us to have within the laboratories 
either diagnostics or applied testing with pharma research. And we can then add the subsequent modules and a broader 
test menu on to that platform as well. And so that strategy is working very nice, and that's why these placements are so 
important for us. You'll see going forward there's going to be a big emphasis on menu for many of these platforms over 
2010 and into '11. 

If I may address the second part of the question, the first question – the second question you asked on prevention 
technologies, prevention is the high throughput screening area, screening of asymptomatic patients on routine intervals, 
HPV, CT/GC and other assays are the prime ones there, very different for each region. The menu is also very different. 
In the States it's primarily HPV, and in Europe it's a broader portfolio and also in Asia, and each region is at a different 
level. In the States we have an existing infrastructure reimbursement and guidelines. 

In Europe we only have that regionally, and in some cases nationally, and in Asia it's also regionally. So the market 
development efforts are very different. In Europe a lot of competition, we have a majority market position since many 
years that we're holding and actually building, and in Asia the same thing. We actually think we're significantly adding 
market share in Asia. In the States there are only a few competitors, of which there's only one FDA-approved 
competitor in the market in addition to us. 

And over the last 12 months, ever since we had competition, we signed hundreds of agreements with laboratories, 
literally, and each of these laboratories goes through very intensive evaluation of options, and many of the assays that 
are FDA approved have been on the market previously in different forms, as in the case of the 1 product that has 
subsequently received FDA approval. And the hundreds of reviews that our laboratory customers have gone through 
that led to them choosing the QIAGEN product I think are an extremely strong testament to the clinical superiority of 
our product, also in terms of the availability of a very interesting solution package, also in terms of automation. 

You'll see in our list, for instance, one of the systems that we launched in the first quarter was the QIAsymphony 
AxpH, which completely automates the upfront processing of liquid cytology samples for the HPV test. We're 
launching that in certain regulated versions in the United States, and also have now the completely automated 
decapping and also the completely automated high-throughput sample processing versions coming out all over the next 
12 to 18 months. So it's a phenomenal package that our customers see. And I just see clinical superiority – clinical 
performance superiority, automation platform superiority, and we're actually delivering. And I think that has been 
extremely important for our customers that they've seen we've taken a product that clearly had its issue in product 
performance, and QIAGEN delivered on solving the needs of our customers and is coming out with these products as 
we speak and going forward with a lot more to come. 


<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next question is from Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Hi, Peer. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Peter. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: If you could talk about patient volumes in North America, did you see any weakness? And can 
you make similar comments about Europe and Asia as well, please? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. You heard a lot of statements from laboratories that the first 
quarter was a weaker quarter for them in terms of impact primarily from weather, which was obviously very severe, 
and caused a lot of people to postpone their patient visit. And this was clearly something that also impacted all 
suppliers into these large laboratories. I think one of the large laboratories said it was about 1.5% impact, the other 
laboratory about 1%. So clearly these are all issues that all suppliers faced, including also ourselves. We did not see 
these impacts, obviously, in Europe. 

We all know we had this volcano outbreak, but only very few patients take a plane to go to their doctor, so luckily the 
patient visits were less impacted by that event. So going forward, I think, seasonal or weather impacts will always be an 
issue, but as we see here, from the laboratory customers that reported on detail on this, it's of smaller importance, if you 
consider that you have a market that you're actually expanding into and converting. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Thank you. And then just on Asia, I'm just wondering if you could comment on the growth 
you're seeing there, the kind of current exposure you've got, product mix and market share and the drivers you see in 
that market? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Asia is a really different market, and it depends on the country. 
Obviously, it's a big region, so if – for us Asia is – Asia Pacific, which excludes Japan. Japan is an owned region at 
QIAGEN. So I'll just look at ex-Japan here. It is a market in which the customer is typically a small hospital or a 
regional hospital, and we supply the full array of products into that market, everything from blood screening through to 
typical profiling assays and HPV. We've significantly strengthened our prevention assay portfolio, which includes 
chlamydia and HPV and a few others. We strengthened through the addition of a sales – expansion of the sales channel 
in 2009, and this is showing an effect. We also added clinical sales activities in some of the Asian regions and are 
building the market and are converting it very actively. And so, it's a very different market to the very, let's say – it's 
probably more similar to the European markets than it is in the United States which is typically dominated by large 
reference laboratories and large hospitals. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: That growth during the quarter? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: In Asia? 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Yes. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Roland, could you give the exact number? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Close to somewhere between 35 and 40%. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: And that's organic? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: In Asia, yes. Sure. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you for taking my questions. 


Operator 

Next question is from Dan Leonard from First Analysis. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Thank you. My first question is probably for Roland. Roland, would you expect gross margin to 
decline year-over-year in 2010? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Right now I think we feel quite comfortable with our 72% gross 
margin and as I said during the call, it's clearly driven by our strong instrumentation performance. And as you also 
know, I'm not too concerned on that number because our instrumentation business is conducted out of Switzerland. So 
we – it comes with a significantly lower tax burden, so it really doesn't make too much of a difference on the EPS side. 
So, having in mind that instrument placement, let's say, and – of course a great news for QIAGEN and of course the 
instrumentation revenues. I see some potential to improve over the year, but right now I'm not too unhappy with the 
72% gross margin as a starter for the year. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you. And then my follow-up, could you remind me have the clinical – the U.S. 
clinical trials for your next-gen HPV product and your AXpH QIAsymphony product, have those trials begun yet? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: We have lined everything up for this to happen, yes. And the sampling is 
starting any day now. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question is from Cornelia Thomas with WestLB. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Hello. Good afternoon or good morning. I've actually only got one question left, all the other 
ones have been asked. And you may have already discussed this but my line went dead for five minutes during the call, 
so apologies if you've already discussed this. But could you just outline for me, again, why sales of applied sciences 
were so strong in Q1, please? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, yeah. The applied testing sector was quite strong primarily 
because we had significant initiatives in 2009 to increase our test menu portfolio, and the addition of the test menus has 
generated sales from these testing products themselves but at the same time also catalyzed growth in the platform 
technology and instrumentation areas. In general, this is a rather small market, so smaller deals of certain types can 
impact the quarterly growth rate, and therefore we expect this growth number to be one time a little bit higher, one time 
a little bit lower. We had a little bit of lower growth in the fourth quarter in this area, now a little bit – quite a bit higher 
growth in this other area. We said over the long term this is easily a 15 to 20% grower and it will fluctuate quite wildly 
but it will fluctuate around that growth rate and on an annual basis, I think, shows a very robust performance in the 15 
to 20% growth rate. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Could you just outline for me what exactly you mean by test menu portfolio? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we added test menus in the veterinary space, so veterinary tests 
that are similar to human diagnostic tests but the patient is different, if I may say so. And then also we added initiatives 

– significant initiatives in the food and also forensic space. And going forward, this is something that we will be happy 
to elucidate. There are a lot of activities in this area to increase the platforms to include everything from samples 
through to assays and reach some final results. 
<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 


Operator 

The question is from Peter Welford from Jefferies. 

<Q - Peter Welford>: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I have two, firstly on the molecular diagnostics. We saw sort 
of below 20% growth in the fourth quarter and a gain, I guess, in the first quarter now. I guess, can you just talk about – 
I mean, clearly you have been the HPV market leader for a long time now. I mean, clearly that business is gradually 
beginning to mature. I guess, could you just sort of talk about what you're seeing in terms of the growth in the various 
segments of that and how they're maturing over time, and also the need, I guess, to develop new diagnostics through 
that pipeline given the sort of maturing pipeline of tests that you have? 

And then secondly, a bit of a boring question, I guess, for Roland on the amortization. It looks as though the tax on the 
amortization you charge you talked the effective tax rate was almost 50% in the first quarter. Should we expect that sort 
of tax adjustment, the amortization charge to continue in the remaining quarters of this year, or is that a bit of an 
anomaly in the first quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Why not I am starting with the boring question. Why I am always 
getting the boring questions? 

<Q - Peter Welford>: Sorry. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: But they excite me actually a lot because it's my job. So, Peter, as I 
said, it's clearly a kind of a normal impact in the first quarter. It has to do with the integration of SABiosciences in the 

U.S. as we do have a U.S. holding corporation. So during the year it will quite significantly go down to the more 
normal level as we have seen last year, so a one-time impact in the first quarter. 
<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: And Peter to the first question, if you look at the historic development of 
the company, our strategy was always to build a beach head with a critical test menu, build a platform, and then as a 
third step, expand the menu on these platforms. So in the prevention areas, remember we acquired the HPV portfolio. 
We are now building the [inaudible] just about to launch now in Europe, and a fantastic platform. We'll be able to talk 
about this more probably in the third-quarter call. And then expand the menu on that system and we gave some 
glimpses as to how we want to do that and what is actually in the pipeline already. 

In the profiling area, which is a little bit smaller than the prevention area, currently we have a critical test menu. We 
built the new platform and we already kind of like talked about now that we are going to launch an extremely powerful 
platform in Europe with selected tests also coming to the Unites States on that platform, and we're launching that in a 
few weeks basically. 

And in the personalized healthcare area we acquired the critical test portfolio being submitted to the FDA later this 
year. We have the platform ready and we have a huge portfolio of tests in the pipeline behind that. So where we are 
today is we've acquired the critical test menu in all 3 of these strategic areas in molecular diagnostics. We are in the 
final stages of building the instruments, in some cases even finished. And in the next phase we can enroll them out with 
an expanded menu and penetrate the market even further. 

But going forward I continue to see that we will see significantly better than average molecular diagnostic overall 
market growth for many years to come, and that market growth is, depending on the study you look at, anywhere 
between 10 and 15%, hence our estimates of a premium on that for our internal expectations. 

<Q - Peter Welford>: That's great. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Peter 

Operator 

And your next question is from Christian Peter [Sal. Oppenheim]. 


<Q - Christian Peter>: Hello. Good afternoon from Zurich. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. 

<Q - Christian Peter>: Just 1 question regarding your sales contribution from instruments against the background that 
this has been very strong recently and should maybe increase further due to the launch of other instruments. Could you 
give us an idea of where you – do you expect the sales contribution from instruments to grow further in the next year or 
should we expect it to sort of plateau somewhere? Could you give us an idea of where that could be and also in terms of 
timing? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, that's – well we – clearly this would depend on the uptake over 
the next few years. And if you look at the platforms as we've outlined them, for instance, in our Analyst Day and talked 
about them briefly today, you'll see that the, let's say the profiling in personalized healthcare portfolio, we'll see 
platforms already available starting in 2010 and 2011 with the FDA approving many in the States. And that will be the 
time where we will aggressively drive placements. 

The system is an open source, like open system, so we will probably also see certain placements before that even in the 
States. The screening platforms are launching in Europe this year and in the States in 2012, and we're fully on track for 
that launch date. So you'll probably – but that's a smaller market for prevention instruments because these are typically 
higher throughput, more centralized testing laboratories. So I think you'll probably see the peak in the instrument 
growth through the year 2013 or so, and then going into a more long-term growth rate. That would be our hope. 

<Q - Christian Peter>: Okay. And just in terms of gross margins for these instruments, are they comparable to the 
instruments you currently sell, or do we have to expect a difference there? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, they're comparable. 

<Q - Christian Peter>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Mähler. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Thank you very much, Komiko. With this, I would like to close the conference call by thanking you all for 
participating. We hope to welcome you again to our second-quarter earnings conference call on Tuesday, August 9, 
2010. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Again, thank you very much and have a 
nice day. Bye. 

Operator 

This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 


information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


