Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 
• Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 
• Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Quintin Lai 
• Peter Welford 
• Dan Leonard 
• Doug Schenkel 
• Cornelia Thomas 
• Bill Bonello 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Semariane, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to 
welcome everyone to the QIAGEN Second Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed 
on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. 
[Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Dr. Solveigh Mähler. Ma'am, you may begin 
your conference. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Yeah, thank you very much, Semariane , and hello, everybody. Welcome to QIAGEN's second quarter 2010 earnings 
conference call. I am Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at QIAGEN. With me on the call are QIAGEN's 
CEO, Peer Schatz, and QIAGEN's CFO, Roland Sackers. 

We issued a press release last night announcing QIAGEN's financial results for the second quarter ending June 30, 
2010, describing the company's recent business highlights. A copy of this announcement, as well as the presentation we 
will be using during this conference call can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our homepage at 
www.qiagen.com. This conference call will cover 30 minutes of presentation followed by a Q&A session. The time of 
the conference call is set at one hour. We therefore would like to ask you to please limit yourself to only two questions 
during the Q&A session. The call will be archived on our website. 

Before I turn over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussion and the responses to your questions 
reflect management's view as of today, August 10, 2010. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have our press 
release and presentation in front of you, since our financial results and detailed commentaries are included and will 
correspond to the discussion that follows. 

As we share information today to help you better understand our business, it is important to keep in mind that we will 
make statements and provide responses in the course of this conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, 
expectations, or predictions of the future. These constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe 


Harbor provisions. 

These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause QIAGEN's actual results to 
differ materially from those projected. QIAGEN disclaims any intention or obligation to revise any forward-looking 
statements. In addition, certain statements contained in this presentation are based on company assumptions including, 
but not limited to, revenue allocations based on business segment. 

For the description of such risks and uncertainties, please refer to the discussions and reports that QIAGEN has filed 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP 
measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in the press release on our website. 

With this, I would like to hand over to Peer Schatz. Peer, thank you. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yes, thanks, Solveigh. Welcome to our call. We are very pleased to report the results of our second quarter 2010. We 
continued our strong performance of the first quarter into the second and today reiterate our guidance, which calls for a 
record year for QIAGEN again in 2010. As you saw from the numbers announced yesterday, we reported $263 million 
in net sales or $271 million at guidance rates, with an adjusted 10% organic growth. 

We met our expectations which we had communicated in May during the last call and came in, in line on revenues and 
at the high end of those targets for EPS. Our organic growth continues to come in very well, particularly considering 
the high base in the second quarter of 2009 which included the extraordinary revenues from the swine flu pandemic 
related products. Thus, our underlying core organic growth trajectory remains on track. 

Net income reached the high end of our expectations with $0.22 for the quarter. We are particularly pleased with the 
underlying momentum of QIAGEN. Our innovation engine once again had a strong quarter and we expect that the 
pipeline for 2010 will contribute to our great basis for strong growth and competitive differentiation. We launched 19 
new products; 5% of sales came from products launched in the trailing 12 months. As shown previously, this number 
goes to about 20% for products launched in the prior three years. 

In terms of customer classes, here are the headlines. Solid growth in academia and pharma were 7% and 11% 
respectively, good growth in applied testing, which represents about 7% of our sales which had 15% growth, and a very 
solid development as well in diagnostics with 12% growth. We were very active in the second quarter with a number of 
exciting initiatives, including several new companion diagnostic agreements, expansion of our portfolio in food testing 
and forensics, introduction of molecular monitoring tools for drug development, as well as the launch of the 
SABiosciences portfolio. 

I will address some later in more detail, but first I would like to hand over to Roland for a review of the financials. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Peer. Good afternoon, everyone in Europe and good morning for those joining from the U.S. The second 
quarter reflected very solid financial performance. We continue to have a robust product portfolio that is performing 
very well in all our core markets. 

Our results underscore our focus and execution. Geographically, these results reflected strong performance in the 
European markets with a 26% growth, continued growth in the Americas with 10% growth and double-digit growth in 
the emerging markets, with Asia overall remaining on a steady path with 90% growth. This growth was on a constant 
exchange basis and without H1N1 related products. In fact, we increased employee numbers in Asia by 140 people, 
primarily in sales, within the last three months, indicative of how we are investing in this region. 

Recapping the key numbers, based on January 31, 2010 currency exchange rates, we had sales of US$271 million, thus 
in line with our expectations of 265 to US$280 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter ended June 


30, 2010 came in at $0.22 per share; thereby, at the high end of our expectations of 21 to $0.22 per share. As some of 
our peers have also highlighted, there is also some lingering concerns in certain economies, notably in the U.S. 
Physicians' visits are down as the U.S. economy recovery may be at a slower pace than anticipated. 

Europe, all three measures have also been highlighted, but this market is so diversified that we really have not seen any 
material slowdown. In fact, overall Europe showed quite strong growth for us. In brief therefore the second quarter was 
a solid one in terms of financial performance and strategic goals and we remain confident in our leading position, and 
we believe we are well on track to meet our full-year guidance in terms of revenues and earnings. 

On Slide Six, I will delve a little bit more into our growth drivers that contributed to our top-line growth for the second 
quarter. When you include the swine flu effect, total revenues grew 9%, included in this compensation is the 1.2 and 
1.4% headwinds respectively from currency and the Olerup divestment. 

We had 6.7% growth from acquisitions due to DxS and SABiosciences. Both of these exciting acquisitions we expect 
will contribute to maintaining our industry leading position. This leaves approximately 5.3% organic growth, including 
flu products. I will go into a bit more detail on this shortly. 

Just a word to the currency impact during the second quarter. Exchange rate fluctuations brought a headwind of 
approximately US$3.2 million to our top-line revenues against the prior year and US$8.1 million against our guidance 
range. The main currency influence to revenue came from the U.S. dollar/euro fluctuations. Importantly, in reference to 
the U.S. dollar/euro fluctuations, our natural hedge of nearly equivalent revenues and costs in each currency prevents 
this movement from having a large impact on operating income and net income. 

As we communicated last year, the second quarter of 2009 was a particularly strong quarter for H1N1 flu related 
testing. In order to more clearly demonstrate our underlying core organic growth, we removed all H1N1 flu assets 
related to revenue from the comparison in both quarters, as well as revenues associated with sample prep kits, which 
can be used for flu testing. With these adjustments, our organic growth was 10%. Significant drivers of disposition 
were a 4% increase in volume and importantly, a 5% increase in revenue from new product introductions over the past 
12 months, which highlights QIAGEN's track record of innovation. 

Our product mix in the second quarter was more heavily weighted towards instrument sales, including Rotor-Gene Q 
Pyro Instruments, QIAxcel and QIAcube. This strong instrument growth mainly put some pressure on the gross 
margins, but we were able to offset this through efficiency gains, which I will address later on the call. 

Moving on to our revenue distribution for the second quarter, we continued to show solid growth across all product 
portfolios. Our consumer portfolio, which represents approximately 85% of total net sales, contributed 8% growth, 
including the impact of currencies and 10% at constant exchange rate. 

Our instrumentation product contributed approximately 40% of total net sales and showed growth of 9%, which 
translated to 10% at constant exchange rate. Around this time of the year, we typically see some seasonal impacts in 
our global instrumentation growth and this period was no different. In terms of U.S. market, we believe our instrument 
portfolio remains optimally positioned and we continue to see benefits and expect further opportunities to emerge from 
the U.S. stimulus bill. 

A contributing factor to the level of our net income is our commitment to balancing growth with prudent cost control. 
For the second quarter, adjusted net income grew by 9% in comparison to the second quarter 2009 from approximately 
48 million to US$53 million. Our reported net income which grew by 25% benefited from a one-time tax effect, which 
I would come back in a minute. 

Moving on to Slide Eight, I will spend a minute highlighting the key figures from our cash flow and balance sheet. Our 
cash flow and balance sheet structure allows us to pursue growth and investment plans without depending on unstable 
credit markets and with limited exposures to interest rate developments. Free cash flow on a year-to-date basis is 
slightly below that of the high level of the previous year, which is reflective of our investment activities. 

Also, I would like to highlight the development of our inventory, which despite regional expansion and growth of the 
business, is constant in absolute dollars and has not burdened our cash flow. Factors that have reduced our operating 


cash flow stem mainly from our activities where we leverage our own strong cash position to achieve higher margins 
by accelerating payments to suppliers. 

Moving on to Slide Nine, where I would like to review some key initiatives which are a testament to our commitment 
to operational excellence. First, QIAGEN is committed to invest into the future. Building expansion to accommodate 
our growth is one such area of investment. For example, we are increasing both the U.S. headquarters in Maryland as 
well as our European headquarters in Germany. Year-to-date, we have invested approximately US$15 million in CapEx 
related to building expansion and expect to invest an additional 25 million in the second half of 2010. 

Tax optimization has been another focal point for us. As you can see in the graph, in the upper left corner, we have 
continuously been able to reduce our tax expense and thus minimize our effective tax rate, reflecting ongoing 
improvements. In the second quarter, on top of the permanent improvements, we had a one-time tax benefit from 
internal restructuring which contributed to our reported 25% net income growth. For a fair comparison, we, of course, 
consider this benefit in our adjusted figures. 

Moving on from this tax benefit, we were able to realize some of our long-term tax optimization efforts. The expected 
tax benefits from our tax planning particularly in the area of financing and integration of acquisitions, will lead to a tax 
rate of 23 to 25% for the second part of 2010, which compares to a 27% rate for the six months in 2010. So for the full 
year, we expect a range of 24 to 26%, which means within our expectations for the year 2010. It is too early for 
guidance on the 2011 effective tax rate, as governments are revising tax rates quickly these days, but it should be close 
to the aforementioned range for 2010. 

Next, we have implemented better controls in our inventory management, specifically with respect to the relationship 
with our vendors and suppliers by minimizing excess inventory on-hand. Also, we implemented centralized inventory 
management across all geographies and improvements from these initiatives are ongoing. 

At QIAGEN, we are always looking at how to become more agile and responsive to our customer needs. Therefore, in 
order to reach the high performance standard we ask of our teams, operational efficiency becomes tantamount to our 
organization. With the right combination of people, process and technology, we have been able to enhance the 
productivity and value of our business operations, by driving down the cost of key operations to a desired level. 

The end result is that we are better placed now to direct resources previously needed to manage operational tasks and 
redirect them to new high value initiatives that bring additional capabilities to the organization. For example, in terms 
of procurement, we are centralizing our global procurement across business functions and globally aligning our 
purchasing processes. This allows us to realize economy of scales and to reduce transaction costs, effectively bundling 
processing power. This holds true for IT, R&D and manufacturing just to name a few. Our efforts in these areas will 
contribute in the realm of a seven-digit saving in the second half of 2010. 

Another example is third-party logistics. We are outsourcing warehousing as well as pick, pack and ship distribution 
logistics to a global partner. This scale effect provides support for future growth and with a single point of contact, we 
have better information for inventory management and twig and twist that ultimately benefits the customer and leads to 
a higher customer satisfaction. 

The effect of these activities will be most apparent in 2011, resulting in a seven-digit saving here as well. Mid-term this 
cumulative effect will more than compensate for the dilution from the acquisitions of DxS and IFP, which we're 
currently see an operating margin of 28%. With that, I would like to hand back to Peer. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yes, thanks, Roland. As always, we pick several – this time, four topics to give an update. The agenda of these is on 
Slide 10. So, turning to Slide 11, we wanted to take the opportunity to walk you through some of the details on our 
performance in the various customer classes in more detail. Sales of QIAGEN products to customers and molecular 
diagnostics continued to perform very well. We recorded growth of 12% in this area, which represents about 47% of 
our sales. Our end markets, large hospitals, reference labs, specialized testing centers, continued to perform solidly and 


the segments that we sell into also have a robust outlook. 

Profiling assays, primarily molecular assays for Virology, Genetics, Microbiology and Mycology as well as platform 
technologies, continued very well, in particularly in Europe. In the market for prevention assays, we are continuing to 
see increased adoption of our tests, primarily HPV screening and genotyping solutions. The market for HPV screening 
is under-penetrated with less than 40% penetration and we are moving very aggressively here. 

We are very active in the U.S. with initiatives to further penetrate the market. This is despite the extension in doctor 
visit intervals due to the current economic uncertainty, which recently has received a lot of attention in the press. In 
addition to our conversion efforts in the United States, which has brought our conversion rate from 20% to nearly 40% 
in the last few years, we have many ongoing programs in Europe and Asia as well. 

We are also, as expected, actively preparing the planned launch of our QIAensemble screening platform with our new 
suite of HPV assays. I will address the U.S. market and QIAensemble launch activities in more detail in a minute. 

In terms of personalized healthcare, our focus is now on the launch over the next few weeks of the TheraScreen line of 
products acquired in our acquisition of DxS. This line has been merged into the broad range of QIAGEN assays for 
personalized healthcare for existing targets such as EGFR, K-RAS, PI3K, as well as several new targets under the 
QIAGEN brand. 

These assays are designed for use with our platforms, primary QIAsymphony-RGQ and pyrosequencing and for our 
distribution through our sales channels. We had significant efforts in the last few months during the integration of DxS 
to upgrade the assays to incorporate the full potential which QIAGEN's technology portfolio can offer, and are pleased 
to report that we were successful on upgrading the products and transferring them to our highest quality manufacturing 
infrastructure. 

In addition, we continue to expand the number and depth of our partnerships, having added several new partnership 
programs and new pharmaceutical partnerships in the past quarter. What is turning out to be a stronger than expected 
asset is the great bioinformatics and content engine that came to us through the acquisition of SABiosciences last year. 
The unrivaled ability to mine databases, identify quality and strength of biomarker discoveries and validations and 
ultimately have the capability to put content into sample and assay technology solutions that run on our platforms is 
truly unique and attracting significant interest. We are rolling out the PCR Array panels through the QIAGEN sales 
channels currently and expect some significant synergies here. 

In applied testing, which represents about 7% of sales, we saw strong growth as well with 15%. We are rapidly 
building menu. In particular, we recently announced that we partnered with the food testing lab IFP and gained 70 food 
testing assays. In addition, in light of the new European Network of Forensic Science Institutes, so-called ENFSI 
standards in forensics, we are using this opportunity to enter this market as one of the first players with new assays that 
comply with these ENFSI standards. 

Standards are key, especially changes in standards, as police databases throughout regions adopt them quickly to allow 
comparisons of crime scene DNA evidence across databases. Our new platforms and new menu are creating a lot of 
demand as well. Applied testing overall is a smaller market. As I said, while we expect growth to remain high, growth 
is also typically a little bit more volatile. 

Pharma came in slightly better than expected with 11% growth, driven by strong development related sales through 
product additions, particularly SABiosciences products, at a significant uptake. Geographically, our Asian markets 
provided very solid contributions to this growth rate. Sales remained soft, however, into customers performing 
discovery. 

In academia, we saw solid good growth in the second quarter with 7%. The U.S. stimulus money is only a smaller part 
of this, as we believe that only a small fraction of funding has actually been spent so far. In addition we are seeing very 
solid results with new technologies in this area. Again here, growth is very evident in Asia. 

Now turning to Slide 12, here are some words on the prevention or screening market in the United States. A lot has 
been said about the issue of reduced doctor visits. Looking at the IMS data on the top left chart, you can see that overall 


visits are indeed down year-over-year. In particular, visits in which elective procedures, such as routine screening, are 
performed are significantly more down, by some accounts, 10%. OBGYN visits typically fall into this group. 

The delays are evidence of a change in behavior in light of the recession and economic uncertainty. As most of you 
know, there is a 10 to $20 co-pay for doctor visits, which contributes to the delays in visits as well. However, since this 
effect is already incorporated in the baseline, it should be of a less significant impact going forward and should also 
diminish as the economy is improving. 

A second impact that is being referenced a lot in the press as seen on the bottom of this slide a loss of insurance, as the 
unemployed reach the end of their COBRA coverage. While this is an issue for some routine tests, it is less so far our 
markets, as even a 5% increase in unemployment would only lead to a 2% impact on the market, assuming a 40% 
penetration and the aforementioned 5% increase in the unemployment. 

The more important information is shown on the top right hand side. The curves are not shown to scale, but are done 
here to highlight the effects. As the recession set in and unemployment increased, we saw delays in doctor visits, but at 
the same time, continued to convert the market to adopt co-screening. We're approaching 40% conversion today, so 
about four out of 10 women routinely receive the recommended screening, which in the U.S., is Pap plus HPV for 
women over 30. As the market is substantial and as we are successfully continuing to convert the market, we see 
significant growth going forward in our prevention assay portfolio. 

Turning to the next slide and staying on the HPV theme, while there has been talk about competition, it is clear that we 
continued to have the performance leading assay on the market today and have the lead in performance for the assays 
that are due to come to the market even over the next few years. While none of the competitive assays are anywhere 
close to being validated to the extent of our assay, our performance metrics stand out as being clearly superior. 

While there is a lot of information on this slide, we wanted to take the opportunity to clear the air in terms of areas 
where the QIAGEN HPV offering really establishes itself as the undisputed market leader. 

Rather than speak to each area, I would just like to take a few moments to summarize the competitive landscape. 
Starting on the left side, on the bottom, a recently published peer review paper in the current issue of the American 
Journal of Clinical Pathology highlighted the excessive positivity of the Cervista assay among women who are Pap 
normal. 

As per Cervista's own package insert, the number of women with negative Paps who are HPV positive with the 
Cervista assay can be as high as 16% and therefore up to four times higher than with the QIAGEN assay. The negative 
economic implications of this are significant, including a substantially higher number of genotyping and colposcopy 
procedures, let alone the emotional distress for the patients. 

The Roche test is yet to be FDA approved but highlights the Achilles' heel of PCR-amplified tests in HPV testing. The 
test misses cancers where the viral HPV genome integrates. This was evidenced by early data shown at conferences, 
where sensitivity was simply lacking. Again, here the negative implications are quite significant, as it implies that 
cancers will be missed by this test. 

Gen-Probe's test has shown inferior sensitivity in this screening population as well. This is a significant issue, as in the 
primary screening market, sensitivity is paramount. QIAGEN's current offering has the best-of-breed sensitivity and 
clinical performance. Our next generation offering, the QIAensemble, builds on this leading position by offering 
unprecedented automation, throughput, and ease of use. Clearly, QIAGEN is positioned to continue to be the global 
leader in HPV testing and we'll drive further adoption and therefore, increase the market size. 

On Slide 14, I would like to highlight the two key developments of our product pipeline. In the first weeks – in a few 
weeks, we expect to launch the QIAsymphony RGQ system. This system will be launched in Europe with an 
unprecedented breadth of CE-marked assays. This novel, integrated system sets new standards for molecular testing 
and incorporates all workflow steps, from sample through to detection. 

QIAsymphony RGQ offers many features which create exceptional flexibility, such as continuous loading, random 
access, open channels for user-developed tests, the broadest menu of commercial assays, as well as the ability to 


process an almost unlimited range of sample types. 

QIAsymphony thus provides laboratories with a system that transform their work in the emerging field of molecular 
diagnostics. This new and complete workflow solution is comprised of modules that can be used as standalone systems 
or combined and integrated into a fully integrated system. 

The QIAsymphony RGQ system comprises the physical and data integration of the modules QIAsymphony SP, which 
we launched about two years ago for sample preparation, QIAsymphony AS for assay setup and the Rotor-Gene Q 
real-time PCR Thermal Cycler. 

QIAsymphony also provides the broadest available PCR-based assay menu, including the artus real time PCR kit for 
the detection of HIV, HCV, HPV, a transplantation panel with CMV, EBV, HSV, VZV, and BKV1. A large pipeline of 
further tests will be launched in the coming months including the TheraScreen EGFR, K-RAS as well as artus 
influenza, CT, CT/NG, and an extended transplantation panel. Many more tests are in development, as well as the 
ability to integrate detection options such as pyrosequencing and multiplexing solutions. 

In Europe, the value of our QIAensemble SP+2000 and/or 400 system is being seen as more and more significant as the 
centralized testing model for primary screening with HPV DNAs emerging. This is a nascent but rapidly emerging 
trend. The trend was a key theme at the recent IPV conference in Montreal as well. We are now making sure we get the 
perfect system for this centralized primary screening lab scenario in place as quickly as possible. 

By doing this, we will be ahead of any competitor by several years. In light of these accelerating primary screening 
opportunities, we have re-prioritized the development of the primary screening solution, the QIAensemble SP primary 
and the QIAensemble 2000 for the European market, ahead of the QIAensemble 400 launch, which included a manual 
sample technology for ASCUS screening or the QIAsymphony SP for the decentralized screening assay. 

Furthermore, in the United States, we are now accelerating the development of the expanded menu platform to ensure a 
launch of the CT/GC and several other tHDA-based or amplification-based assays, in conjunction with a new eHC 
HPV test. As we are working through these changes to the finalized platform, we are currently in a holding pattern on 
the U.S. trial. The U.S. version will benefit from this hold through acceleration of the broader menu of amplified and 
non-amplified assays on the QIAensemble 400+. 

Depending on how quickly the development of the primary screening solution for Europe is finalized, we do not expect 
a delay of more than a few, up to six, seven months. We also see additional value brought forward for both our 
customers in Europe and the United States, and therefore for QIAGEN. In particular in the U.S., we feel like coming to 
market with a broad menu maximizes the impact of our QIAensemble system. 

In light of the competitive environment in the United States, launching with a complete menu is a higher impact 
strategy and eliminates smaller projects that may slow us down in achieving our long-term goal of menu-driven, next 
generation prevention systems. Our QIAensemble Evolution strategy will also be prioritized. We believe QIAensemble 
SP is a crown jewel in the QIAensemble family of products and by placing it in front of the rapid capture system, we 
can deliver near term cost to value not matched by any competitor. 

Our customers have been actively asking us to accelerate this, which previously was a bridging strategy or a second 
priority option. Although implementing the strategy would entail pushing the continuation of the U.S. trials and the 
launch of the system in EU into the first quarter, we believe it creates greater customer value near and long-term. 

Now turning to Slide 15, a further topic that is being discussed quite a bit is the FDA's position on 
laboratory-developed tests, so-called LDTs. QIAGEN is in a unique position as we have a portfolio of FDA approved 
products on the one side, but we also have – are a key supplier of sample and assay technologies to clinical labs, who 
use those to perform LDTs. QIAGEN is actively contributing to this discussion and we believe it can be a positive 
development for us. 

As the FDA is calling for more regulation, the quality of the components will be key. As a leading IVD manufacturer, 
diagnostics manufacturer, our sample and assay technology consumables and instruments are often designed to be parts 
of diagnostic or IVDs and are manufactured under GMP, have all the IP rights for IVD use and also have the supply 


certainties that can significantly benefit the clinical labs in any effort to comply with increased regulation. We believe 
that we are second to none in these qualities and therefore, see QIAGEN as the premier choice in this new world of 
focus on LDTs and this should allow us to expand our market share. 

Now turning to Slide 16, here is some highlights in terms of new products. We are adding assay technologies to our 
by-far market leading position in sample technologies and forensics. This is possible, as there is a strategic opening in 
the marketplace due to a unique and rare change in this market, in which new standards in Europe and several other 
regions of the world have been created. 

This new portfolio features the most comprehensive and versatile coverage of current forensic STR standards, 
including a new extended European Standard Set, ESS, combined DNA index system, CODIS, diode-array detector, 
DAD, and internal standard set of loci requirements. 

Additionally, innovative software suites for analyze and interpretation of STR genotyping will become available by 
QIAGEN. The rollout – the next topic of the SABiosciences products through the QIAGEN sales channels has just 
started. We are also launching several new assay panels, which uniquely add to our focus on personalized healthcare 
initiatives in pharma. These include gene expression, epigenetics, biology and array as well as cell-signaling protein 
assay portfolios. Again, these are just two highlights of 19 products launched over the last few months. 

With that, I will turn over to Roland for an update on guidance. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Peer. Moving on to the Q3, 2010 expectations on Slide 17, while the industry still faces some global 
challenges due to varying economic uncertainties, QIAGEN is uniquely positioned and as such, we are – have much 
room for future growth. We are seeing a number of exciting opportunities, ranging from increased market penetration 
of our existing portfolio to new product introduction, which Peer just highlighted. 

Let me now turn to our financial expectations for the third quarter and then provide you with some of the assumptions 
behind that. For the third quarter, we anticipate revenues to be approximately 270 to US$285 million, using our 
guidance rate established on January 31 of this year. Using July average rates, you would expect to have a revenue 
headwind of approximately 2%, but there is no significant impact on operating margins or EPS. 

Similarly to the second quarter, the range for our revenue outlook for the third quarter is larger than we have 
historically given on a quarterly basis. This is driven by external factors such as pharma partnerships. But the timing of 
pharma milestone payments will not make a difference on an annual basis between quarters, so revenue recognition 
could vary. With the DxS acquisition, this type of revenue stream will be more lumpy and therefore necessitates that 
we will plan on our outlook accordingly. 

Moving on, we expect for the third quarter an adjusted earnings per share to be between 23 and $0.24 based on January 
31, 2010 exchange rate. In terms of adjustment to operating income, we expect equity-based compensation between 3 
and US$4 million, amortization of acquired IP of approximately US$21 million, business integration acquisition and 
restructuring expenses of 4 to US$5 million primarily due to SABioscience and DxS acquisition. For Q3 we believe our 
adjusted tax rate will be in the range of 24 and 27%. The weighted average number of fully diluted shares outstanding 
will be around 240 million for Q3, 2010. 

We are reiterating our guidance for the fiscal year 2010 based on foreign currency exchange rate as of January 31, 
2010. We expected revenues between $1.120 billion and $1.170 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share between 
90 and $0.96 per share. The guidance on adjusted EPS does not include a negative contribution for 2010 of 
approximately $0.01 from the acquisition of all rights to a portfolio of molecular food safety tests developed by the 
Institute of Product Quality in May of this year. Additionally, however, given currency fluctuations this year we do 
anticipate some top line headwind of 2 to 3%, which may result in unfavorable rounding for our adjusted EPS. 

With that, I would like to hand back to Peer. 


Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks. So in summary, we are pleased with the developments at QIAGEN and our results for the second quarter of 
2010. Revenues, growth and EPS came in strong. We were delivering industry leading innovation and growth and we 
remain on track to meet our guidance for the full year. 

With that, I'll hand back to Solveigh to open up for Q&A. Solveigh? 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Yes. Thank you very much, Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. I would like to open the 
Q&A session by handing over to the operator. Semariane? 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question will go through the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. 
Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. With respect to kind of the doctor visits was 
it a gradual decline through the quarter or is this something that you have seen through the year? And then kind of 
along those lines, were there, per account, just lower volumes, I think you said 10% and are you seeing any kind of any 
accounts moving to competitors at this time? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, thanks, Quintin. Good morning. Yes, we tried to put some data 
onto the one slide that we had here in the handout, Slide 12. And what you see is that, while there is a decline in the 
doctor visits, it's not necessarily impacting us directly and that was the main message that we wanted to give today. 
While the overall market changes in terms of size, our conversion continues and we are continuing to convert the 
market and achieve additional market penetration every quarter. 

In addition to that, we have sequential growth in our prevention assay. So, the number, the revenue number in the 
second quarter was actually above that in the first quarter. We're continuing to seeing growth. What we wanted to give 
a little bit our flavor on is what we see in the overall market for prevention assays, where you have asymptomatic 
patients, or people who feel well, potentially not going as often to the physician as they previously were due to 
unemployment and uncertainty. 

That has been detailed so much in the recent weeks by a number of other companies who have seen these effects and 
who have talked about them. Our message is yes, these effects are out there. Do they impact the overall market size? 
Yes, certainly, but at the same time we're coming from a low conversion rate of somewhere between 35 and 40% 
continuing to convert and seeing sequential growth. That is our message. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: All right. Thank you for that. And then


<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: And in terms of competition, we're not necessarily seeing strong impact 
from competition currently. Especially in the last few weeks, it has become clear that the – also the economic value of 
the superior assay is extremely important and this has put us into a very strong position also to compete in the 
marketplace. We are not seeing that as a major issue for us currently. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: And then, Peer, with respect to your life sciences offerings, it sounds like a more positive end 
market discussion that you had versus some of your competitors. I mean, do you feel like that it's because your 
products are more high end consumables tilted toward genetic analysis, which are providing more stable end markets 
for you? 


<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Quintin, I think that's probably the best way to look at it. I think the 
various companies who supply the life science markets are very diverse and have very different profiles. We might just 
be seeing a stronger funding pool arm for the applications that require our products. So we actually saw quite good 
growth and quite solid end markets. 

Clearly, there are always customers who have funding issues here and there and there is always a big issue on how to 
get funding in academia. And it depends on, I guess, the type of work that is more exposed to this type of discussion. 
We have in this second quarter, as you see from the growth rate, not necessarily seen that significantly. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: All right, thanks. I'll jump back in the queue. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Quintin. 

Operator 

The next question will go through the line of Peter Welford from Jefferies. 

<Q - Peter Welford>: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking the questions. There is two. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Peter. 

<Q - Peter Welford>: Firstly, can you – hi. Can you give us the impact do you expect to see or the headwinds, shall I 
say, going into third quarter from the H1N1 swine flu, because obviously there was quite significant sales in 2Q '09? 
Could you give us some idea of what we should be factoring in for third quarter of 2010 for the H1N1? 

And then secondly on Europe, you mentioned there was a lot of impact in the U.S. from physician visits that, as you 
said, you said it's been well flagged by peers. Something else as well that a lot of peers have talked about is austerity 
measures and delayed spending on instruments, particularly in Europe. I just wondered if you see and particularly 
during the quarter and going into the summer, any signs of weakness at all from Europe in purchasing some of your big 
ticket items or whether your products seem to be relatively immune to that trend? Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Peter, I'll take the Europe question and then leave the H1N1 
question to Roland. The Europe – you're highlighting a very important topic. I think there is a big difference from 
country to country. We clearly saw a different purchasing behavior in Southern European countries that have been 
going through significant budget uncertainties, but those countries are not large markets. We'd like to be larger in them. 
But they represent a much smaller portion of our sales compared to other companies in this space. And the impact 
therefore was smaller. 

Our position in Northern Europe continues to be very strong and we have not necessarily seen that, certainly also not in 
the diagnostics arena, which is, to a significant degree, also governed by private laboratories. So there has been quite a 
solid uptake. Also, while instrumentation sales were down in terms of growth, they still grew quite rapidly. And we 
expect continued strong growth for instrumentation over the second half of the year. 

Our products are, I'd say, based on the type of the application and the type of customer they go to, I would assume that 
they are less exposed to – than other companies that have highlighted some of the European authority issues that were 
mostly in Southern Europe. Roland? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, hi, Peter. In terms of your H1N1 question, we expect for the 
second part of the year, more or less, it's kind of the same impact we have seen for the second quarter 2010. Clearly, the 
fourth quarter, probably also looking on the numbers we guided for this year, you will see that in general of course, we 
expect already a quite better environment. So in terms of also year-end comparabilities, the third quarter is clearly not a 
quarter which we'll be in a much different way than the second quarter 2010. 

<Q - Peter Welford>: Okay, thank you. 


Operator 

And your next question will go through the line of Dan Leonard. Okay, one moment. That will be Dan Leonard from 
First Analysis. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Thank you. Good morning. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Dan. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Peer, you talked about a number of variables in the QIAensemble launch plan. Could you remind 
me, so is that product now expected to launch in the U.S.? Is that a 2013 expectation now? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we had originally planned a Q3 2012 launch because we are 
accelerating some of the features into the launch and want to make it less of a stepwise approach, but also integrating 
some of the menu options that we have from the start. This will be about a two-quarter later launch. 

What we will, however, do is we'll launch the QIAensemble SP system and the date could be actually quite near-term 
in terms of a front end to the RCS system. And the reason why we saw this is because we have a lot of customers who 
say, look, we have a fantastic system with RCS. There have been three trials by other companies out there to provide a 
superior clinical performance and they just haven't been able to meet that. Plus the level of automation is very 
significant now with the QIAensemble. It's basically a hands-off solution, much more automated than any current or 
future competitor has been outlining. 

And therefore, they see a value of saying, instead of having a stepwise migration into the HPV-only system, let's 
directly go to the broader menu and in the intermediary, use the existing well-established and validated system and 
simply upgrade the automation that we have upfront to it, in the first step with the decapper and in the second step with 
the decapper plus the extraction system, the QIAensemble SP, as it is called, and use that as an integrated, high 
throughput solution. 

Again, it beats anything out there that is on the market and on the horizon and would provide laboratories a lower 
hurdle in terms of validation. And when we come out with the system that includes the broader menu, this would allow 
us to integrate or to address a lot more laboratories in a much more effective way. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you. And then my second question, it looks like you're looking for another mid 
single-digit organic growth quarter in the third quarter. What needs to happen for you guys to return to a double-digit 
organic growth rate? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Dan. The organic growth rate, as we defined it, we excluded, like 
most of our peers did also in the second quarter, the swine flu one-time effects that we had last year. If you take that 
and look at the underlying effect, it was a double-digit organic growth. But clearly, you can look at it in different ways. 

And so for us going forward, what we see as the headline theme is now over the next 12 months is the rollout of the 
QIAsymphony SP system in Europe. I think this is a phenomenal system, it's – in terms of menu breadth, in terms of 
performance, just beats anything that the market has ever seen. And we have a second engine that or cylinder that kicks 
in with the launch of the QIAensemble system, which would then be some time in the first or second quarter next year 
and that would give us a significant growth – that would the theme, I would say, for the next 12 months. 

And then the theme after that will be the FDA approvals of the first personalized healthcare assays that we have in the 
second half of 2011, hopefully, and these are quite significant additional organic revenue drivers. Our goal is clearly to 
have double-digit organic revenue growth, also on a clean basis. If you have these very dramatic effects where you 
have these one-time issues, we give you numbers showing the effect included and showing the effect excluded and just 
try to highlight the underlying growth trend. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 


Operator 

And the next question will go through the line of Doug Schenkel from Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: So my first question is a follow-up to, I think, one of Quintin's questions. Yes, this is the first 
time I think you guys have spelled out the fact that unemployment and the COBRA roll off materially impacted U.S. 
HPV sales growth. Yet, as you demonstrated in your presentation and this has been widely discussed, unemployment 
has ranged from 9 to 10% for most of this year and COBRA roll-offs have been building since January. 

So I guess that raises the question, why now? And I guess what I'm wondering is, is there anything you've seen that 
would suggest that the timing of routine physician visits were actually accelerating in prior quarters and that this is now 
rendering comps tougher and that this dynamic could represent a headwind over the balance of this year? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Doug, it's definitely a complicated question. And it's tough to give a 
very straight answer, because there are different variables that flow into this. I think the most important thing I'd like to 
point to is that the peak of the unemployment and also with that, the acceleration of uncertainty, happened through the 
first half of 2009. We peaked in 2009, not in 2010, in terms of unemployment. 

So, there is – also with a lot of other companies that you see in this area, there is a great deal of justification behind an 
expectation for the baseline, i.e., the year-over-year comparisons, to already have the impacts that we saw in the first 
quarter baked in, in the second – parts of the second half of the year. So, from that perspective, this would be less of an 
issue that you'd have to talk about. 

I'd like to just say that in terms of materially impacting our sales, as you just described it, we grew 12%, we grew 
sequentially in the prevention area. This is not a slow growth business. This is in terms of dollar sales, we added more 
in sales than most other molecular diagnostics do in annual sales. And the – so there has definitely been a continued 
expansion in the market. 

What I also wanted to say is that while there, on the top-line, might be an impact in the number of doctors visits, we are 
converting. So we are continuing to convert and we also continued to expand our market conversion throughout this 
period, which I think is a great achievement. And once you see that the year-over-year impact does not show two 
different base effects, but has the same base effect in terms of uncertainty built in, you'll see the conversion rate, which 
is well into the double-digits, we've detailed it to be above 20% in some quarters, will show through on the underlying 
growth rate and that's maybe also a reference back to the question that Dan had. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Let me add to that, Doug. We also have said that before, we had 
sequential growth from Q2 to Q1 and we do expect also sequential growth from the third to second – from the fourth to 
the third quarter. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Okay, that is really helpful. And then maybe, Roland, if I could just throw two clean-up 
questions to you. First, you got a question on H1N1 impact, including associated sample prep for Q3 and Q4. If you 
precisely answered that, I missed it. Would you be willing to precisely quantify that, just given that is an important data 
point for us in assessing your outlook for the second half? And then maybe if I can just sneak in another one, it looks 
like pricing was 1% in the quarter. You have been getting about 2% for the last several, I believe. Is the pricing 
environment getting tougher? Thank you. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Let me start with the pricing. It's more like a rounding thing, so it's 
no significant change here on pricing. Again, I wouldn't interpretate that too much. It might be already different in the 
third and fourth quarter. Yes, I wish I could give you a much more precise number on the H1N1 impact, because as you 
know, unfortunately, we don't have just one drug and then selling it in the billions and can clearly just extract this one 
product. As you'll recall, what we are selling into the H1N1 environment is, of course, certain assays, but of course we 
also sold a lot of semi-finished products, for example, enzymes, to reference labs which built their own assays. 


So, we, I think we have a certain indication like [inaudible] instruments for example. So, we have a certain indications 
which kind of product groups got affected. So the way we came up is – with the 10% organic growth, we looked 
actually on product groups which for sure were not affected by any kind of swine flu, looked at that organic growth 
rate. Because that was the best way for us to get you to a fair apples-to-apples comparison. 

So, if I do the same kind of measurement for the third and fourth quarter, as I said before, we probably will see quite 
similar impacts. Unfortunately, we had great sales in the second, third and fourth quarter of these kind of products. So 
comparability, unfortunately, will not necessarily improve, but, of course, absolute numbers will increase for us in 
terms of revenues for 2010. 

And of course, starting in 2011, we're generalizing it in a much better shape as you mentioned. Now furthermore, we 
don't have this comparability topic anymore on swine flu and second, all these HPV-related things rolling off over the 
course of 2010, so 2011 is a different year. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Great. Thanks again for taking the questions. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: You're welcome. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Doug. 

Operator 

Your next question will go through the line of Cornelia Thomas from WestLB. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Hi, yes, it's Cornelia Thomas here from WestLB. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Cornelia. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Just a question on your cost base in the second quarter. I noticed that your sales and 
marketing and also general and administrative costs went up quite significantly. I was just wondering if you could give 
us the reasons for that, and if you could also give us some guidance as to how that is going to develop over the rest of 
the year? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, hello, Cornelia. Two reasons, one is this currency rates, of 
course, as you know, as for example, especially in R&D, most of R&D is in non-U.S. dollar currency or countries. And 
second is, we actually had quite a significant push in the second quarter to finalize the integration of QIAGEN 
Manchester or known as DxS and which we've done. And so we really were able to close it ahead of time, get things 
done and you also can see in the performance of our acquisitions, that has also generated quite a significant number of 
revenues for us. So that's the main reason during the third and fourth quarter, the cost base will be clearly adjusted on a 
lower basis for that. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thank you very much. And then just to double check again, did I understand this 
correctly, that also the QIAensemble launch for Europe is postponed by about half a year or did I hear that wrongly? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: This is correct. What we decided to do is to put in the features that are 
required for the centralized screening, so there are more high throughputs – even higher throughput system. And we 
wanted to integrate that into the launch effort. And that will include the SP system and also the 2000, which would also 
have the same impact in terms of the – about a two-quarter delay. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Okay. The next question will go through the line of Bill Bonello from RBC. 


<Q - Bill Bonello>: Hey, there would be a million and one questions you could ask about this quarter, but I guess I'll 
focus in on something people have been driving on. Just again, the H1N1, on the conference call last quarter, you 
pegged H1N1 at several million dollars, but if I look at – I mean, that's the exact wording. But if I look at the 
differential in organic growth, it would imply about an $11 million difference year-over-year. And so, I guess I'm just 
wondering, did you completely reassess the way you gauged the H1N1 impact this year versus how you had gauged it 
last year? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: No, as Roland said, the components that we saw into H1N1 are diverse. 
So, they include about four different enzymes, they include different automation systems, different extraction systems. 
And what we saw looking at the full year, we had originally thought for the second quarter, that was maybe 7, 8 
million, this would be about the several million. But we then saw that there was actually a peak of these products and 
we, in terms of sales, actually almost exactly around the purchasing events that were directly swine flu-related. Also, 
the interactions with our customers retroactively showed us that we actually were showing much higher numbers in 
terms of these product sales over the year. 

As Roland pointed out, this is an estimate. It is based on a lot of statistics that we put into this and we provide both 
numbers. So there is a way we look at it and there is a way that we use to manage our business. But we also include the 
non-H1N1 extracted numbers as well. 

<Q - Bill Bonello>: Okay. But safe to say that as you sort of gathered more data and thought about it more, you've 
concluded that you were really getting – you did get more of a benefit from H1N1 last year than you maybe initially 
thought you did? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: It's something like you can always compare to kind of a tax audit, if 
you look backwards, you always see more things than if you are looking forward. 

<Q - Bill Bonello>: Okay. Can I ask one more question? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Absolutely. 

<Q - Bill Bonello>: All right. Just, I want to make sure I understand you. It looks to me like relative to what you said 
on the Q4 call when you were originally talking about guidance, that this is a lower tax rate than what you initially 
assumed for the full year? I just want to make sure I'm understanding that right, so X tax rate, you'd kind of be lowering 
the EPS guidance? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: No, I don't think that's actually correct. Because let me walk through 
it, because it's an important point and I just to want to make that very straight. We have two kind of tax impacts a year, 
in the second quarter and also in the year 2010. First of all, we have a one-time acquisition-related tax impact in the 
second quarter, which has to do with drug – with tax benefits from the restructuring of recent acquisitions, where we 
gained a significant dollar amount. And this, of course, is in our reported number and led to this 25% net income 
growth, but we adjusted for that. So that's not in our – it's not considered in our adjusted numbers. 

At the same time, we actually also were able to work-out with certain tax jurisdictions in this world, so-called tax 
rulings which also for the next couple of year, I would probably think for the next four years, give us a significant tax 
benefit. And this clearly is something which we'll probably face in the end of the third quarter, if we are able to get that 
done. So you will see for the first quarter, for the first six months of this year, we are 27% of tax growth, we are 
probably more like 25 for the second part. So for the year, we actually now are with on guidance, yes, but for next year, 
it's probably more than the rate from the second part of the year. 

<Q - Bill Bonello>: Okay. But didn't you say, because I do want to just make sure I get this right, I thought you said on 
this call and maybe this wasn't the adjusted number. I thought you said the full year expectation was now 24 to 26%, 
was that the non-adjusted number? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: This is, of course, the range, and again, if you look at our old 
numbers, where we are, it's quite close to what we had. So at the end, it might just help us within our guidance, but 
nothing more. 


<Q - Bill Bonello>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Okay. And the final question will go through the line of Daniel Wendorff [Commerzbank]. Okay, and Daniel has 
withdrew his question. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hello? 

Operator 

We have used our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the conference back over to Dr. Mähler. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Yeah, thank you very much, Semariane. So with this, I would like to close the conference call by thanking you all for 
participating. We hope to welcome you again to our third quarter earnings conference call on Tuesday, November 10, 
2010. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Again, thank you very much and have a 
nice day. Bye, bye. 

Operator 

Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


