Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Solveigh Mähler 
• Peer M. Schatz 
• Roland Sackers 
Other Participants 

• Quintin J. Lai 
• Bill R. Quirk 
• Brigitte D. de Lima 
• Holger Blum 
• Tycho W. Peterson 
• Peter J. Welford 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the QIAGEN NV Investor and Analyst Conference Call 
on the Q2 Results 2011. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. The 
presentation will be followed by a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Dr. Mähler, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am. 

Solveigh Mähler 

Yeah. Thank you very much, Jason, and hello, everybody. Welcome to QIAGEN's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings 
Conference Call. I am Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at QIAGEN. With me on the call are QIAGEN's 
CEO, Peer Schatz, and QIAGEN's CFO, Roland Sackers. 

We issued a press release last night announcing QIAGEN's financial results for the second quarter ending June 30, 
2011, describing the company's recent business highlights. A copy of this announcement, as well as the presentation we 
will be using during this conference call, can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our homepage, at 
www.qiagen.com. This conference will cover 30-minutes presentation followed by a Q&A session. The time of the 
conference call is set at one hour. We, therefore, would like to ask you to please limit yourself to only two questions 
during the Q&A session. The call will be archived on our website. 

Before I turn over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussion and the responses to your questions 
reflect management's view as of today, July 26, 2011. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have our press 
release and presentation in front of you, since our financial results and the detailed commentaries are included and will 
correspond to the discussion that follows. 

As we share information today to help you better understand our business, it is important to keep in mind that we will 
make statements and provide responses in the course of this conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, 
expectations, or predictions of the future. These constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe 


Harbor provision. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause QIAGEN's 
actual results to differ materially from those projected. QIAGEN disclaims any intention or obligation to revise any 
forward-looking statements. 

In addition, certain statements contained in this presentation are based on company assumptions including, but not 
limited to, revenue allocations based on business segments. For the description of such risks and uncertainties, please 
refer to the discussions and reports that QIAGEN has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures 
to GAAP can be found in the press release on our website. 

With this, I would like to hand over to Peer Schatz. Peer? 

Peer M. Schatz 

Yeah. Thank you, Solveigh. I would like to welcome all of you to our conference call and the opportunity to discuss 
our results for the second quarter 2011, the progress we've been making on our strategy and our perspectives on the 
second half of the year. As we outlined 2011 is a transition year with difficult comps. At the same time, it is also a year 
for us to build up our portfolio of molecular content and roll out our new automation platforms that we believe will 
create substantial growth opportunities in 2012 and beyond. 

As you saw in the press release issued last night, results in the second quarter improved over the second period of 2010. 
We delivered higher net sales and earnings, along with a significant increase in our free cash flow. Those results were 
also an improvement on the soft start to the year that we saw in the first quarter. At the same time, we are clearly not 
growing at a level that we believe is satisfactory. However, we are making broad progress in our strategic initiatives to 
expand in 2011 in order to accelerate growth in 2012. This progress is reflected in the milestones that our teams have 
achieved. The global rollout is going well for QIAsymphony. We have now reached installed base of 475 systems 
worldwide. 

QIAsymphony is a highly versatile, modular automation platform that we believe will play a key role in the 
dissemination of molecular technologies, and in particular, will be the driving force for the expanding use of our 
molecular assays. Every placement creates an opportunity for annual consumable sales, or so-called pull-through, of 
anywhere between $30,000 and $300,000. 

Demand remains strong for the full QIAsymphony RGQ version. This was launched in late 2010 and incorporates the 
Rotor-Gene Q real-time PCR cycler along with the SP, or sample preparation, and AS, or asset set of modules, that 
were launched in recent years. 

In personalized healthcare, we reached an important milestone by completing the landmark regulatory submission of 
the KRAS biomarkers, a companion diagnostic paired with an anti-cancer medicine. This is the most significant 
achievement to-date from our more than 15 co-development projects underway with major pharmaceutical companies. 

In fact, we will complete our second separate PMA submission in the U.S. this week. It involves the use of the KRAS 
biomarker with another anti-cancer medicine, also for patients with colorectal cancer. In addition, we are very actively 
expanding our projects of co-development projects and I'll talk to that later. 

We're making progress in completing two important acquisitions, both of which were announced in the second quarter. 
Cellestis and Ipsogen will both add important molecular content, in other words, molecular tests to the menu of our 
platforms. This will support QIAGEN and our ambition to be the world leader in molecular diagnostics. I will provide 
more insights on these acquisitions later in our presentation. 

In terms of expanding our geographic presence, our new direct operations in India are growing quickly. Another 
expansion step this year was our direct entry into Taiwan during the second quarter. We are looking at various options 
for other regions with attractive growth potential. 


As we noted in our release, 2011 is proving to be more challenging than anticipated at the start of the year, given the 
continued weak economic conditions. Based on these factors and also to incorporate the Cellestis and Ipsogen 
acquisitions, we have updated expectations. We are expecting faster growth rates in the second half of the year 
compared to the first half of 2011, but at a more moderate rate than we have predicted earlier. We are expecting the 
most deviations to our forecasts in the life sciences. This is also had an impact on our full-year expectations. 

In summary, QIAGEN is making broad progress on our strategic initiatives and are committed to achieving our updated 
expectations. We are intensifying our focus on growth and innovation and are confident that QIAGEN is well 
positioned for sustained business expansion. 

Before we get into more depth, I'd like to handover to Roland for a discussion on the financials. Roland? 

Roland Sackers 

Yes. Thank you, Peer, and good afternoon to everyone in Europe and good morning to those joining from the U.S. 

The second quarter of 2011 for QIAGEN came in largely as expected, delivering improved performance and solid gains 
in free cash flow. Recapping the key numbers, net sales for the second quarter rose 7% plus 1% at constant exchange 
rates, or to US$282 million from the second quarter of 2010. Consumables contributed solid net sales growth, which 
was partially offset by lower sales of instruments. 

Adjusted gross profit was up 9% over the second quarter of 2010. This was in part due to product mix-related sectors 
for consumables with higher HPV sales in North America. Sales and marketing expenditures increased by 15% over the 
second quarter of 2010. Increased promotional activities supportive to QIAsymphony rollout, going direct in India and 
Taiwan, as well as investing in direct sales channels activities were the key drivers of the percentage increase in the 
year-over-year result. We continued to increase our efficiencies and harvest economies of scale, thereby driving down 
G&A expenditure by 5% over the second quarter 2010. Overall, therefore, SG&A expenditure was up 9% over the 
same period last year. 

We are maintaining our profitability by keeping margins steady in comparison to the second quarter 2010. This is 
reflected in the 8% growth in adjusted operating income to US$78.7 million and the adjusted operating income margin 
remaining at 28%. It is also worthwhile to keep in mind that this is happening alongside strong investments in R&D 
and an aggressive push to further expand in new geographic regions. 

We are expecting to further enhance productivity and improve the value of our business operations by reducing the cost 
of routine operations. Performance-oriented workforce management and reallocation of resources to grow initiatives 
are anticipated to provide additional benefits to our adjusted operating income margin as we move through the 
remainder of 2011. 

Moving to our adjusted diluting earnings per share, this rose to $0.23 in the second quarter from $0.22 in the same 
period of 2010. In terms of non-operating factors, we have told you in the past about the sustainable benefits that would 
be coming from our tax optimization strategy. 

Free cash flow in the second quarter improved 31%, to US$37.8 million, over the year-ago period. Effective working 
capital management remains to be an important focus for us. Our free cash flow adjusted for building investment 
increased 24%. Capital expenditures over the past two years in R&D and production facilities has been quite 
substantial, particularly from major construction activities at our sites in Germany and Maryland. DSOs were 65 days 
at the end of the second quarter compared to 68 days for the first quarter and level with 65 days a year ago. 

So, overall, our results in the second quarter of 2011 showed our ability to deliver year-over-year growth while 
preserving our profitability and achieving our adjusted EPS targets amidst continued challenging market conditions. 

I'm now on slide six. In terms of geographic results, in the Americas we had net sales growth of 5% at constant 
exchange rates. We are seeing some solid trends in the U.S. HPV market. Mainly, we believe conversion is the critical 
component, as unemployment rates in the U.S. remains high and IMS data confirms that doctor visits are still down. 


Uncertainty over the NIH budget as part of the discretionary budget cuts in the U.S. is having an effect on grant 
funding grades, which are at an all-time low. We believe this is having a direct impact on some of our customers in the 

U.S. 
In Europe, the Middle East and Africa, sales dipped by 5% at constant exchange rates. Although QIAsymphony 
demand remains strong and sales from molecular products are performing well, we have a number of forces working 
against us in Southern Europe, particularly Italy. In addition, timing of certain companion diagnostic development 
milestones and also the impact of measures we have recently taken to transition several sales channels weighted on the 
results this past quarter. 

The Asia-Pacific, Japan region, where we saw a significant impact from disruptive events in the first quarter, has 
recovered nicely. Products in life science in China as well as the general market recovery in Japan contributed to 
growth for us in these countries. We continued to support the recovery of Japan and are collaborating with government 
agencies in terms of human identification and infectious disease testing products. 

On the other hand, one of the disappointments of the second quarter has been the sales growth in Molecular 
Diagnostics, China. This is a market where we had traditionally very high growth rates. However, we encountered 
slower-than-anticipated sales results following the ramp up of our clinical sales channel in this country. We 
significantly increased this channel in 2010 and had high hopes already for the first half of 2011. Despite this delay in 
the anticipated boost for sales, we believe this slowdown is only of a temporary nature. 

Moving on to slide seven, I would like to provide some comments on our financial position for the first half year 2011. 
Highlighting our strong liquidity position is our equity ratio of 65%. We have provided some pro forma data to 
incorporate the upcoming completion of Cellestis and Ipsogen acquisitions, and this shows a ratio of 64%. Our net debt 
to adjusted EBITDA ratio is currently at minus 0.2 times, but will rise to 1.1 times after completion of these 
acquisitions on a pro forma basis. 

Our cash flow position allows us to pursue growth and investment plans without depending on unstable credit markets 
and with limited exposure to interest rate developments. Both operating and free cash flow has continued to increase 
steadily. For the six months period ended June 30, 2011, we generated net cash from operating activities of US$106.1 
million. Free cash flow excluding developed investments in building for the first half 2011 was US$86.2 million. 
Capital expenditures in recent years have been rather significant as we invested in underpinned future growth. 

In June, we largely completed construction of new R&D and production facilities in Germany. Notable here is that in 
preparation for the transfer of production activities, we increased inventories to allow for higher safety stock. 

I would now like to hand back to Peer for a strategy update. 

Peer M. Schatz 

Yeah. Thank you, Roland. And we are now on slide nine. I'd like to provide some perspectives on the performance of 
our four customer classes. Molecular diagnostics, which represented 46% of net sales in the quarter, rose 2% on 
constant exchange rates. Solid single-digit growth in consumables was reduced by lower reported sales of instruments. 

Instrument sales again reflected the shift towards reagent rental agreements, in which we place an instrument at the 
customer's site in return for a guaranteed annual purchase of consumables. Revenue is then recognized over the term of 
the multi-year contract. 

In prevention, we have recorded growth in HPV sales in the U.S. Our market conversion initiatives were up about 10% 
in the quarter and penetration of the available market is approaching 45%. Our conversion efforts more than offset 
effects from reduced patient visits and pricing. On the other hand, we are seeing data that patient visits are down 
sequentially from the first quarter of the year. This was expected and it is being confirmed by other industry 
participants. It was one of the reasons for our conservative outlook for overall 2011 that we gave earlier this year. 


Like our competitors, we still face economic headwinds. The U.S. unemployment rate has not improved much, and this 
is reflected in enrollment trends for managed care programs. We had expected improving trends based on economic 
forecasts. Based on the current environment, it is difficult to make predictions for the second half of the year. 

We are obviously asked about our views on the entry of competitors in the U.S. HPV market. Will there eventually be 
an impact? Yes. This is to be expected when you have new competitors in a market, but it is clear that none of the 
competitor assays are anywhere close to being validated to the extent of QIAGEN's assay, and none have superior data. 
We're using this to our advantage and are pleased that customers recognize this value. Our focus is on expanding the 
market, growing it ourselves and for ourselves and for our customers. 

Applied testing, which is currently 7% of net sales, delivered solid growth in consumables. Here, too, results were 
reduced by softer instrument sales. 

QIAGEN is a key supplier of human identification products to the Japanese Government as part of the recovery efforts 
after the disasters in March. Also, in Japan, QIAGEN recently won a very important national tender to deliver forensic 
products to the country police. This again underscores the highly competitive position of our human identification 
portfolio. 

Pharma was 21% of net sales and largely unchanged overall. On one side, we are benefiting from sustained demand 
from molecular technologies that support gene-based drug development activities. Among top-performing product lines 
is also the Certal portfolio. This is a new assay portfolio that runs on QIAsymphony and is used to test for residual 
DNA during manufacturing processes. However, in pharma R&D, the R side remains challenging, amid industry 
consolidation and cost-containment measures. 

Academia, which was 26% of net sales, is pacing increasing pressure in key markets. We are seeing substantially 
increased caution in purchasing behavior due to uncertainty about budgetary restrictions, in particular in the United 
States. Net sales were up 1% at constant exchange rates and again a key issue was the decline in instrument sales. 

In light of the changing market environment, which is being accelerated by budgetary constraints, we are stepping up 
expansion of our direct marketing channels and electronic touch points to customers. 

Moving to the next slide, we're making broad progress on many of our key initiatives. All of these are supporting our 
objective to leverage our leadership in sample and assay technologies across our four customer classes. 

QIAsymphony RGQ is our flagship platform. It offers unprecedented flexibility in automation to customers requiring a 
broad menu in processing for 1 to 300 samples per shift. Our top priority remains to increase placements around the 
world and to continue to expand the assay menu. 

We have achieved about one-third of our placement target for 2011. Given the long selling process for these types of 
systems, we've been saying that the majority of placements are anticipated in the second half of the year. Related to 
that, as most of you know, a majority of the placements will involve reagent rental agreements. While the impact of 
placements will not be immediately recognized in our reported sales, trends on pull-through of consumables are 
encouraging and bode very well for driving growth in the coming years. 

In May, we announced a comprehensive update of the QIAensemble suite of automation platforms. QIAensemble 
Evolution, which was initiated in 2011, calls for the addition of modules to improve the automation for the current 
Rapid Capture System. The Decapper Units, several of which are already in the field, are on track for full launch in the 
fourth quarter, and feedback from customer field testing has been extremely positive. The QIAensemble Revolution 
program intends to build on the proven core components from QIAsymphony, and this will enhance the compatibility 
of the two platforms in our testing menus. 

I'd like to spend more time now providing you with some insights into the strategic initiatives of first, adding molecular 
content to our automation platforms, and number two, strengthening our leadership in personalized healthcare as well 
as, three, expanding our geographic presence. 


Moving to the first topic, adding molecular content on slide 11, our latest two acquisitions, Cellestis and Ipsogen, fully 
support our strategic initiatives to add molecular content to our novel platforms. We are moving towards completion of 
the acquisition process for Cellestis, an Australian diagnostics company. A shareholder meeting is now planned for 
early August and closing is expected later in the month. 

As you know, QIAGEN amended its proposal for Cellestis in early July, with the aim of securing a rapid completion of 
this transaction. The current Cellestis share price and the shareholder voting trends confirm that this transaction should 
receive very strong approval. Cellestis is a profitable, publically-listed company with two marketed products, 
QuantiFERON-TB, for detection of latent TB, and QuantiFERON-CMV, for the detection of cytomegalovirus, which is 
a threat in solid organ transplantations. 

This slide show shows how we believe the combination of Cellestis and QIAGEN can generate greater results for 
QIAGEN. Cellestis will provide us with exclusive access to QuantiFERON assay technology. As a next-generation 
proprietary technology, it is capable of acquiring a previously untapped information source in the human body. 

QuantiFERON is considered pre-molecular testing technology because it has the capability to provide diagnostic 
information far earlier than DNA-based molecular tests. As a result, tests based on the technology can provide 
information on latent infections, or in other words, hiding infections, when DNA-based tests cannot because of the low 
amount of pathogens present in the infection. 

Because of this ability, QuantiFERON can complement our portfolio of molecular diagnostics by guiding and driving 
the use of DNA and RNA-based molecular tests. We believe that Cellestis, as part of QIAGEN, will enhance our 
molecular diagnostics offering from pre-molecular through prevention, profiling personalized healthcare and 
point-of-need testing. 

As in sample and assay technology, just like our other products, we plan to migrate it to QIAGEN Instruments. 
QuantiFERON TB is already being commercialized in a number of markets, particularly in the United States and 
Europe and Japan, with very significant untapped market potential, and QIAGEN sales and marketing operations 
around the world will be instrumental in driving this expansion. 

We are planning to make large investments in sales capabilities and R&D initiatives to integrate the latent TB test on 
the QIAGEN platforms. This acquisition will be supportive to sales growth and be accretive to adjusted EPS starting in 
2012 already. 

Turning to the next slide, our Cellestis acquisition has a technology focus, but the current TB products also have a very 
attractive market profile. In combination with our molecular diagnostics for TB, we are creating the leading, 
next-generation position in TB. QIAGEN already has a wide range of molecular assays. An example for our 
capabilities here was the recent announcement that the Mayo Clinic has licensed patent rights from QIAGEN that will 
allow Mayo to offer a test for M. tuberculosis complex speciation. 

We're also looking at ways to migrate our TB tests to point-of-need devices. To understand the TB testing market, it is 
critical to understand the two different types of TB status, number one, active TB, which is basically full-blown disease 
with symptoms, and latent TB, where the patient has no symptoms but the disease can flare up at any point to threaten 
the patient and cause potential spreading of tuberculosis. 

In the developed world, United States, Europe and other developed countries, latent TB is far more important as a 
testing franchise than active TB. Latent TB tests are critical for identifying those at risk and immediately treating them, 
thereby reducing the disease burden and the potential spreading of TB. 

People undergoing routine testing include healthcare workers, college students, people in prisons and the military. TB 
testing is also useful for immigration. We also see implication such as companion diagnostics, given that an increasing 
number of medicines require latent TB testing prior to first dosing. 

Regulatory clearances, reimbursement and guidelines are complete in most countries, so we're going to work on global 
expansion. We were particularly pleased to see Germany adopt QuantiFERON-TB as the new standard shortly after we 
announced this acquisition. 


Turning to the next slide, I would like to offer some insights on Ipsogen and how the combination with QIAGEN will 
create significant opportunities. Ipsogen has a very competitive portfolio in blood cancer testing with assays covering 
more than 15 biomarkers, including BCR-ABL and JAK2, for patient profiling and monitoring. The company also has 
several very interesting IP positions on content, including the exclusive worldwide license for JAK2 V617F, the key 
mutation in the Janus 2 kinase. 

Portfolio is used to classify blood cancers into the various categories. There are four major classes and dozens of 
subclasses. Ipsogen assays set a strong standard for this classification worldwide. 

In addition, several of the biomarkers are being targeted by pharma companies for a range of blood cancers, these 
include BCR-ABL and in particular JAK2. So, this deal is similar to what we did with B-Raf 3 kinase in terms of 
gaining key intellectual property rights for important biomarkers, and with JAK2 we get a marketed product. 

Any of Ipsogen's assays have significant potential as companion diagnostics to guide treatment decisions and 
personalized healthcare. We have the capabilities to offer a complete companion diagnostic solution to pharma 
companies and with these assays, we can extend our range of partnerships. The addition of Ipsogen has strengthened 
QIAGEN's leadership in molecular diagnostics, expanding both our profiling and personalized healthcare portfolios. 

As you know, our position is driven by more than 20 molecular diagnostic assays available in selected regions of the 
world, as well as more than 15 personalized healthcare projects underway with pharmaceutical companies. This 
acquisition will support our sales growth in the second half of 2011 and be accretive to adjust EPS starting in 2013. 

Turning to slide 14, we are making dynamic progress in Personalized Healthcare, where QIAGEN is helping to match 
the right patients with the right drug by offering companion diagnostics. We have built up by far the leading industry 
position with a portfolio of biomarkers to address needs for both solid and hematological cancers. 

As we announced on the last conference call, we are moving far beyond cancer to work on companion diagnostics for 
many other therapeutic areas. Among the more than 15 projects underway with major pharmaceutical companies, some 
of our partnerships are shared and thereby leverage into multiple applications, which leads to more companion 
diagnostics in the pipeline. You should anticipate more co-development agreements being reached in the second half of 
2011 as well. 

And in terms of regulatory submissions, after the filings for KRAS we are on track for other U.S. submissions, 
including the assay for the EGFR mutations in 2012, which will be its first submissions submitted for us in 
combination with anti-cancer medicine for treatment of patients with the non-small cell lung cancer. 

I would now like to hand back to Roland. Roland? 

Roland Sackers 

Sure. Based on the completion of the Cellestis and Ipsogen acquisitions this year and the ongoing challenging market 
conditions, we have updated our expectations for 2011. For the second half of 2011, QIAGEN expect total sales growth 
of approximately 7% constant exchange rate of which approximately half is expected to come from organic growth. 

For the full year 2011, QIAGEN now expect total sales growth of approximately 3% with contributions from organic 
sales and acquisitions calculated using constant exchange rates. One of the factors to consider for the revenue 
distribution between the third and fourth quarter is that we have an unusual revenue allocation between these two 
periods. 

As you might recall, we have won several large HPV tenders global. Typically, the revenue from these tenders are 
spread equally over the year. In the third quarter this will not be the case, but therefore we will increase significantly in 
the fourth quarter. 


Adjusted diluting earning per share are expected to be approximately $0.96 for 2011, which includes previously 
announced expectations for dilution of approximately $0.03 per share related to planned sales and R&D investments as 
part of the acquisitions of Cellestis and Ipsogen. 

Turning to the next slide, in terms of adjustments to operating income, we expect equity-based compensation of US$5 
million for each of the next two periods. Amortization of acquired IP of approximately $27 million next quarter and 
approximately $29 million in the fourth quarter, business integration, acquisition and restructuring of $12 million to 
$14 million in third and $3 million to 4 million in the fourth quarter. This is a significant increase due to transaction 
cost for Ipsogen and Cellestis. 

This quarter, our adjusted tax rate was 23%, thus lower than the comparable quarter last year with 25%. And going 
forward with the third quarter, we believe this to be in the range between 24% and 26%, thereafter for the fourth 
quarter in the range of 22% to 24%. The weighted average number of fully-diluted shares outstanding will be around 
240 million shares. 

Peer? 

Peer M. Schatz 

Thanks Roland. I'm now on slide 17 to provide a quick summary before we move into Q&A. 

As mentioned at the start, the challenging economic environment is more persistent than we had anticipated. In Q2, our 
markets continued to be soft. We achieved some growth, but it is hard to predict how much improvement we will see in 
the second half. 

Against the backdrop of the underlying business performance, it is important to see the progress we are making on our 
strategic initiatives. We are creating a foundation for future growth. We are pleased with the progress we are making to 
deliver on some of these strategic goals. The global roll out of the QIAsymphony RGQ is progressing well and the 
installed base has now exceeded 475 systems. 

Our companion diagnostic projects in Personalized Healthcare reached an important milestone, with the first U.S. 
submission for a TheraScreen KRAS biomarker. A second submission is coming within a few days and look for more 
developments in this area. 

We're adding molecular content with the addition of Cellestis and Ipsogen, and we are moving ahead with the 
development of new assays and potential submissions in 2011. And we are expanding our geographic presence in 
emerging regions of the world. 

We have updated our full-year guidance to give you the clearest view possible and also to incorporate the pending 
acquisitions. As a result of actions to implement our strategies, we are well positioned to expand in 2011 and to further 
accelerate growth into 2012. 

With that, I'd like to hand back to Solveigh to open up the Q&A session. Solveigh? 

Solveigh Mähler 

Yeah. Thank you very much, Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. I would like to open the 
Q&A session by handing over to the operator. Jason? 

Q&A 

Operator 


Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instruction] 
The first question comes from Mr. Lai. Please state your name, company name, followed by your question. 

<Q - Quintin J. Lai>: Hi, good morning. This is Quintin Lai from Robert W. Baird. The 


<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Good morning, Quintin. 

<Q - Quintin J. Lai>: Looking at the – putting together kind of your comments of about the outlook and then looking 
at the back half of the year guidance, maybe give us a little bit more color on the visibility that you have. I mean, 
obviously Q3 looks flat relative to kind of Q2 and Q4 picks up. Now, Q4 does have, it looks like, an easier 
year-over-year comp, but you also mentioned visibility in some tenders. Is that all that's baked into guidance or, Peer, 
are you expecting a pick-up in the overall end markets in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Quintin. I think it's important to say that we're basically 
expecting a very similar underlying performance in the second half of the year as we've seen in the first half of the year. 
So, we're not expecting any changes in the economic environment, which was the original outlook that we had given in 
early in the year. I think in good company with many other participants in this space that there would be a reduction in 
unemployment, improvement in the healthcare markets and wed' see an improving market outlook in the second half of 
the year. 

This is now being taken out of the underlying business expectation for the second half of the year. So, a similar 
performance for the second half of the year as we've seen in the first half of the year. The one twist to that is that with 
our several larger development milestones and from the companion diagnostic partnerships and also some very 
significant national tenders that will lead to revenue recognition in the fourth quarter versus the third. 

And these dates are typically set well in advance and it so happens that revenue recognition for those that fall into the 
fourth quarter versus the third. But, if you take those one time – these two allocations of revenue into the fourth quarter 
out of the picture, the underlying base is now pretty much assuming the same environment as we've seen in the first 
half of the year. 

<Q - Quintin J. Lai>: Okay. And then kind of the follow-up question here. QIAsymphony placements were again a 
good quarter, I understand reagent rental. As we look forward, I mean, the reagent rental model usually means that we 
start to see revenues start to become a recurring item here over the next quarters. Those systems that you're placing, can 
we assume that they're on the upper end of the $30,000 to $300,000 reagent pull-through rate? 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: It's difficult to call a trend right now because the RGQ system with the corresponding assays 
have been rolling out now over the last nine months basically. And the encouraging news is that we have many 
accounts that are actually pushing the high limit of this number. And this, if you calculate the throughput of the system 
and the potential pull-through, it's actually much higher than $300,000 a year, but we're seeing a number of customers 
pull these very – already pushing these very high numbers. So, I wouldn't call this a trend yet, you know, I would take 
the average lower than that, it might be in the range of $150,000 right now. But this could simply be an early indication 
of where everything is going as the menu expands. 

In diagnostics, the game is always the same. You basically create a platform, you aggressively roll that out. That's the 
phase we're in right now. And at the same time you expand your menu, which we're also doing. We talked about 
companion diagnostics, Ipsogen, some of the virology assays and transplant panels that we already have, that already 
passed the regulatory hurdles, are being submitted and that creates then exponential sales after that. Once we have a 
critical mass of menu in the regions, also in Asia and the United States, I think you'll have a much clearer picture. But, 
the number is very encouraging and it's on the high end currently. 

<Q - Quintin J. Lai>: Thanks. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Mr. Quirk. Please state your name, company name, followed by your question. 


<Q - Bill R. Quirk>: Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray. Good afternoon, everybody. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Morning, Bill. 

<Q - Bill R. Quirk>: So, a couple of questions, Peer. I guess just to take Quintin's question and dig a little deeper here, 
in terms of the delta on the timing for the recognition of the tenders between the third and fourth quarter, is there any 
way to just quantify that and just to make this a little more obvious to tease the two out? 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Yeah. Roland, do you want to take that one? 

<A - Roland Sackers>: Yeah, sure. I think as Peer said before, we, in the past we've won a couple of these large HPV 
tenders and also seeing that coming in as well. And so, what we see is that normally we have this equally spread it over 
the quarters, and especially one tender is something where we, as Peer said before, expect more revenue recognition in 
the fourth quarter instead of the third quarter and partially also in the second quarter. And that gives clearly for the 
fourth quarter just out of that a low-double digit million U.S. dollar amount. 

And in addition to that, we clearly pushed ahead quite significantly over the last couple of weeks with our KRAS 
filings and, therefore, of course, we expect other development milestone-related revenues more for the fourth quarter 
than for the third quarter. 

<Q - Bill R. Quirk>: Okay. Very good. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off, Roland. Go ahead. 

<A - Roland Sackers>: Okay. Yeah, that clearly both together gives then, I would say, a dysfunctional allocation 
between the third and fourth quarter. Normally it should spread it more into both quarters quite equally. Therefore we 
put it out very detailed for the third and fourth quarter. 

<Q - Bill R. Quirk>: Okay. Very good. Thanks for the extra color there. Appreciate that. And then secondly, Peer, just 
to talk a little bit, I guess, to dig a little deeper into the academic market, you mentioned that, obviously, conditions in 
Southern Europe remain challenging, that there appears to be a bit of hesitation amongst some of the U.S. customers, as 
people wait to see where the NIH budget shakes out. To what extent can you comment on just shifting priorities from 
the customer base to modalities like sequencing, for example? Is this playing a role in what you're seeing in the 
underlying business? Thanks. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Yeah. Good question, Bill. There's definitely a shift right now in some of the spending, which 
probably is temporary and caused by the ARRA lending continuing. So, there is still rollout of the number of stimulus 
monies that are being allocated typically towards larger-ticket CapEx items. 

The underlying growth of the academic markets is currently very soft, and the discussion around potential budget cuts 
in the National Institutes of Health budgets, but also in other budgets around the world, is definitely not creating a lot of 
certainty and a positive momentum. So, there's a great caution right now in a lot of these markets. I think the allocation 
of funds out of the ARRA and other areas is much easier to do and they're allocated more towards novel big ticket 
items. But going forward, this will definitely be more difficult. 

If you look at the overall markets, the academic markets worldwide, you know, you're talking a $50 billion, $60 billion 
market or so. And so, even if you assume that there is a net impact, [ph] capital decreases (42:26) down and next 
generation sequencing up by a few hundred million maybe even up to a couple billion dollars at some point in time, this 
is not a huge enough allocation to really change the momentum of these markets. We are interpreting the majority of 
this impact right now to budget uncertainties that are not associated with one-time, longer-planned, larger capital 
equipment investments. 

<Q - Bill R. Quirk>: Got it. Thank you very much. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: I'd like to maybe highlight, if you look at our underlying growth, it this pretty much the 
industry. There are a number of other players in this industry that are showing very similar performance in this area 
and, in particular, in the molecular technologies that typically we're showing premium run rates in this space and have 
gone to a very conservative overall growth in the first half of this year. 


<Q - Bill R. Quirk>: Got it. Thanks, Peer. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Ms. de Lima. Please state your name, company name, followed by your question. 

<Q - Brigitte D. de Lima>: Good afternoon. Brigitte de Lima from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. I've got two 
questions with a few sub-questions in between. The first one is on Cellestis. You talked about some significant 
investments to migrate the Cellestis tests into the QIAGEN platform. Does this in any shape or form compromise your 
original target to achieve an adjusted operating profit margin of around 31% by the end of 2013? Are you now finding 
that you're having to invest more than you anticipated? 

And then, a second question is again on the QIAsymphony. How do the 475 placements, i.e., around 75 traditional 
placements in the second quarter compare to your original internal expectations? And also, could you provide any color 
as to what the split is between placements in Europe versus other countries like the U.S.? 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Sure. Thanks for clarifying the statements I made around the Cellestis or giving me the 
opportunity to clarify them. We had already planned for the transition of the Cellestis assays onto our platforms when 
we gave the outlook for investments and expenditures and accretion from this transaction in April. So, these 
expectations are fully baked in and the programs are well underway. 

In particular also, we've added the point-of-need testing platforms which are seeing significant interest now to have the 
latent TB test is part of the testing menu for them. So, that is rolling out fully in plan and there's no change to our 
forecasts in terms of expenditures and accretion and timelines. 

The second question was in terms of the roll-out of the systems. If you look at the numbers as they're rolling out for 
these very complex systems and the menu that is unfolding, the numbers are very good for this second quarter, as well. 
If you annualize that, you get to good numbers. And we feel very good about the outlook and the funnel. 

We can't give the internal estimates here. We always want more, but we're building a very good funnel. And as we 
discussed before, the pull-through of assays is actually very good as well. It's probably even higher than what we 
originally expected. 

The allocation geographically reflects the availability of menu. So, we have substantially more placements currently in 
Europe than we have in the United States. But the United States' numbers are ramping up very quickly and the pipeline 
is actually very fairly weighted. So, we expect to see assays become available for the QIAsymphony RGQ system. 

There are a number of reagents and ASRs and other products that customers are using in various ways. But as we are 
clearing more menu going forward and we have a number of submissions in the foreseeable future now for this system 
as well, there will be a very similar ramp up of the – or the weighting will become very similar and also the 
consumables pull-through will become more similar as well. 

In Europe, we're offering the full menu and where we're extremely strong is actually in the blood virals, hepatitis and 
HIV, in addition to some of the esoteric testing panels that we're very well known for and we expect a similar picture to 
emerge in the United States as these assays become available. 

<Q - Brigitte D. de Lima>: Very helpful. Thanks very much. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Thanks, Brigitte. 

<Q - Brigitte D. de Lima>: Thanks. 

<A - Roland Sackers>: And Brigitte, I'd like to add to that, Cellestis will be for 2011, again, just to reconfirm that 
accretive by $0.02 to $0.03 on adjusted EPS, so we see there a significant pick up in profitability once we have 


migrated them to our platforms, 2012. 

<Q - Brigitte D. de Lima>: Thanks again. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: 2012, Roland. 

<Q - Brigitte D. de Lima>: Yes, 2012, yeah. 

Operator 

The next question is from Mr. Blum. Please state your name, your company name, followed by your question. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Hi. Holger Blum from Deutsche Bank. Just three questions. First one, on clarification on the HPV 
tender. Did you win the tender already or are they still to come? 

Second question would be on the reagent rental contract. Maybe you can give us some background here, what is the 
proportion of these kind of contracts today? And maybe you can say how that was two years ago and how it might be in 
two years' time from now? And maybe if you can also from your perspective share your thoughts on the NPV on these 
new contracts, is it overall NPV neutral or if you have later on maybe higher margins on the consumables, or is it 
maybe still more negative or any kind of guidance there would be appreciated. 

Third question would be just on the – an update on the Abbott HIV Hepatitis C tests, when do you expect the launch 
there, how is your transformation progressing there? Thank you. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Yeah, thanks, Holger. The first question was regarding the tenders. Yeah, we don't want to 
highlight any specific tender or give too much detail on. These are obviously competitive situations. But we – we're 
constantly winning tenders and also large ones and we wouldn't be putting them in if there wouldn't be a very high 
certainty that we have them or that we already have them. So, we feel very confident in these projections. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Okay. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Number two is the reagent rental distribution. The reagent rentals were almost zero two years 
ago, we had very few reagent rentals. Today, on the QIAsymphony it's, I'd say it's more than half. It's probably 
approaching three quarters. And at some point in time, I would say in two years from now, that number will probably 
go even higher. As I said in the last quarter, the reagent rentals are a very good sign, because this means that the 
laboratory is actually willing to commit their own revenue stream to using this platform. If they just buy the system to 
play around with it, it's a different story. 

If they buy the system and commit to using our assays, that means that they're shifting their own revenue generation, or 
services in other words, to relying on our assays as well. But we're very pleased with this pickup and the NPVF of this 
is very positive. So, we're putting in very conservative financial metrics, getting quick paybacks of these systems and 
the consumables have a high degree of profitability. So, these systems pay very quickly for themselves. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Okay. Last question was on your arrangement with Abbott and the HPV launch timeline? 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Yeah. There's really nothing new to say on that. We're in development right now on these 
assays and are moving forward to bring them forward to the market. We wanted to once we had the development plan 
fully laid out and also the regulatory pathway cleared, some of these assays are little more complex, we will come out 
with that on that, but I assume this would be around our Analyst Day we'd be happy to give details on that. But it 
definitely remains a very important cornerstone of our assay portfolio that we see for the foreseeable future. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Okay. Good. Well, maybe a last question, although it's maybe a bit early for you to comment on 
it, would you dare to provide any kind of organic growth projection for 2012 or is it too early at this stage, or do what 
you think is feasible? 


<A - Peer M. Schatz>: You know, I'd probably like to answer it this way, that the current underlying performance is 
definitely not satisfactory and we are adapting the company to achieve also with the underlying business a better 
performance. We were talking about changes that we made to the channels, changes that we made to emerging regions, 
changes that we made to also to some allocation of resources among the various customer classes. 

But what we're doing on top of that, while still a smaller percentage of our overall sales, is moving ahead very nicely 
and I'd like to highlight the companion, our personalized medicine initiatives that we have and the QIAsymphony 
rollout, and also the progress of our QIAensemble development program, which is moving along very nicely now in its 
new format and going forward we think will even further increase our competitiveness here. 

So, a lot of things that are adding growth inflection points now over the course of 2012 that we're looking forward to 
generate. We had the first landmark submissions of KRAS as a companion diagnostic, as I said before. You can expect 
a second one this week as well and these things will hopefully provide a very good increased visibility of the growth 
opportunities that we have for 2012 that we will put into numbers when we give guidance for the full year. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Mr. Peterson. Please state your name, company name, followed by your question. 

<Q - Tycho W. Peterson>: Yeah, it's Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. Peer, on your comments before on the academic 
market, I think you also talked about accelerating your direct sales channels. Can you just talk a little bit more about 
what that entails? 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Yeah. Thanks, Tycho. That definitely is an important trend. What we're seeing right now is that 
what we have to be aware in the academic markets that the majority of the academic customers, I'd say 80% or so, 
probably never even see a salesperson. And even the largest players in the space have only a limited reach or touch 
points into their effective customers. So, what most people are exploring right now and what we've really taken a very 
strong, and maybe even in some cases call it a leading position in, is exploring how to increase the number of touch 
points into academic customers using novel techniques; it's not only electronic, it's also using call centers and similar. 

And these services are being perceived very positively by our customers. And we started that much more actively last 
year. And while we have always had an inside sales activities, it's been much more refined and banded. And we started 
that early this year and are continuing to ramp it up as we see the market shifting. There is definitely a shift in the 
academic markets, and it needs a change in response. And this is how we're responding to it. 

<Q - Tycho W. Peterson>: And then on – maybe just shifting it over to QIAsymphony, are you able to talk at all about 
what percentage of the systems that are out there have been competitive wins or are, alternatively, upgrades to existing 
instruments? It's got to be one or the other presumably. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Yeah, I'd say almost all of them are competitive because they typically are done through 
tenders or at least through a comparative process. And so I think it'd be very rare to say that there's – we obviously have 
many extremely loyal clients and customers who are extremely valuable also to us and where we've been – would have 
a natural upgrade, but the majority are clearly looking at whatever might be considered a competitive system in the 
marketplace. But we have been providing very, very clear wins. And the win rate has been very impressive. 

This is also reflected, if you look at some of the numbers of these systems out there, they are typically seen after five 
years, ten years or so to be in the several hundred, maybe a little bit over thousand. And we in a very short period of 
time are now approaching 500 systems. It just shows that there's a significant adoption that we're getting here, and it 
definitely is a sweet spot in the market. What we need now is for the assay pull-through to come through, for the money 
to expand on these systems and that will generate very substantial returns then. But we're currently in the investment 
phase of this rollout. 


<Q - Tycho W. Peterson>: Okay. And then the comments on China were a little bit surprising around the molecular 
diagnostic business. Can you just elaborate on – I know it's a nascent market for you, but what the underlying dynamics 
are there? 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Yeah. Well, we have a very strong activity in China and the market is definitely growing, but 
we had more hopes for the Chinese market because we made substantial investments in 2010 to create a clinical sales 
channel. The clinical sales channel, very comparable to what we have here in the United States, is creating demand for, 
in particular, HPV testing, but also other assays that we have. In the portfolio, we have a number of FDA-approved 
assays in China. Just expanded the portfolio, actually in the first half of the year again quite considerably. 

So, there was a hope that this clinical sales channel, which would provide similar growth stimuli to the underlying 
business that we've seen here in the United States typically, have effect. And this was a little bit slower; it has to do 
with the way that the Chinese market works. It was absolutely the right decision to do and we expect to reap the 
benefits of this clinical sales channel in future periods, but it didn't come as fast as we originally thought. And the focus 
and attention that we put on to this distracted it from other areas and made the growth a little bit more subdued in the 
MDx market. So, we didn't typically see the 30%, 40% growth than we typically see in this market. We saw similar in 
the life sciences, but in the MDx area we're seeing what we think is a temporary dip in that growth rate, which should 
reemerge. 

<Q - Tycho W. Peterson>: Okay. Then last one on HPV. I understand you don't want to give a lot of color on the 
tenders, but is there any change in kind of the dynamic around pricing, terms, duration of contracts, technology out 
clauses, other aspects that you're hearing about in the market? 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Sure. Well, the market – actually our revenues in HPV grew in North America in the second 
quarter. So, it came from very soft performance in the first quarter into growth in the second quarter. We have actually 
been very successful in the full light of a – of competitive products from strong companies, been able to find and 
extend and expand dozens of contracts again in the first half of this year. And we see a very strong competitive profile 
increasingly emerging. 

Now, this is helped by a number of things. First of all, our platform expansions, the so-called QIAensemble, the 
Evolution program, which I think is a little bit underestimated in public view, but I think if you talk to laboratories, 
you'll see that the addition of these modules that we put on to the existing Rapid Capture System make this a very, very 
competitive workflow. And that, going forward, is creating a good opportunity for us to continue our very strong 
competitive position. 

There's one thing that I'd like to highlight as well. We had some recent very important announcements last week from 
the IOM, that decided to add HPV testing to the Preventive Services Task Force list. And this, basically, would remove 
co-payment, or in other words, significantly reduce or eliminate the link to economic trends. But I don't want to 
overplay it, but this is an extremely important decision that was made by the IOM – obviously an extremely important 
body – that has decided to come out to support this. 

So, going forward, starting 2013 when this will affect the co-payments, and we'll probably even start early as insurance 
companies are starting to move over to accept these new standards, we'll remove co-payment from HPV testing, 
detaching it then from economic trends and making it a much more robust and independent and reliable revenue 
stream. 

The interesting thing is that the focused areas on negative predicted value, which really only QIAGEN can prove in 
long-term studies, and it focuses on HPV DNA-based testing, and clearly also limiting the technology that is being 
applied. So, there are a number of very important trends that are working for us here and we're actively also shaping 
this market. 

<Q - Tycho W. Peterson>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Thanks, Tycho. 


Operator 

The next question is from Mr. Welford. Please state your name, company name and your question. 

<Q - Peter J. Welford>: Hi, it's Peter Welford from Jefferies. Two questions. Firstly, just going to the applied testing. 
I was interested where you commented about weak instrument sales, and I wondered if you could give us some more 
visibility on why in particular applied testing you think you're seeing a slowdown in instrument placements there. 

And then, perhaps secondly then, just looking at the reagent rental agreements, do you put in place for these agreements 
minimum purchase requirements for the customers, and how do they – how do you, I guess, lock in the customers for 
those agreements, or is it at the moment relatively flexible, given the early stage of the roll-out of these products? 
Thank you. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Thanks. Good questions. Second one is the minimum number of sales. Yes, there's a 
contractual commitment that the client gives in terms of assay or consumable pull-through or revenue pull-through to 
QIAGEN, so that is the underlying stream that we use for our financial analysis and it's based on commitments. 

Number two is the applied testing automation growth; that I would attribute more to timing and to year-over-year 
effects. The applied testing team is moving ahead very nicely, we're seeing very good trends in this space and we 
expect them to make or exceed their target. So this also includes the instrumentation components that are working very 
nicely for them as they're also leveraging the QIAsymphony, RGQ and the components. 

<Q - Peter J. Welford>: That's great, thank you. 

<A - Peer M. Schatz>: Thanks. 

Solveigh Mähler 

And with this, I would like to close the conference call by thanking you all for participating. We hope to welcome you 
again to our Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call on Thursday, November 3rd, 2011. If you have any 
additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Again, thank you very much and have a nice day. Bye, bye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Q2 Investor and Analyst Conference Call of QIAGEN NV. Thank you for 
participating. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


