Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 
• Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 
• Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Quintin Lai 
• William Quirk 
• Peter Lawson 
• Marshall Urist 
• Evan Lodes 
• Cornelia Thomas 
• Daniel Wendorff 
• Romain Zana 
• Peter Welford 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Kanisha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the QIAGEN Third Quarter 2010 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed 
on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions] 

I'd now like to turn the call over to Dr. Solveigh Mähler. Thank you. Dr. Mähler, you may begin your conference. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 

Yeah, thank you very much, Kanisha, and hello, everybody. Welcome to QIAGEN's Third Quarter 2010 Earnings 
Conference Call. I am Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at QIAGEN. With me on the call are QIAGEN's 
CEO, Peer Schatz, and QIAGEN's CFO, Roland Sackers. 

We issued a press release last night announcing QIAGEN's financial results for the third quarter ending September 30, 
2010, describing the Company's recent business highlights. A copy of this announcement, as well as the presentation 
we will be using during this conference call can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our homepage at 
www.qiagen.com. This conference call will cover a 30 minute presentation followed by a Q&A session. The time of 
the conference call is set at one hour. We therefore would like to ask you to please limit yourself to only two questions 
during the Q&A session. The call will be archived on our website. 

Before I turn over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussion and the responses to your questions 
reflect Management's view as of today, November 9, 2010. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have our press 
release and presentation in front of you, since our financial results and detailed commentaries are included and will 
correspond to the discussion that follows. 


As we share information today to help you better understand our business, it is important to keep in mind that we will 
make statements and provide responses in the course of this conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, 
expectations, or predictions for the future. These constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe 
Harbor provisions. 

These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause QIAGEN's actual results to 
differ materially from those projected. QIAGEN disclaims any intention or obligation to revise any forward-looking 
statements. In addition, certain statements contained in this presentation are based on company assumptions including, 
but not limited to, revenue allocations based on business segment. 

For the description of such risks and uncertainties, please refer to the discussions and reports that QIAGEN has filed 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP 
measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in the press release and on our 
website. 

With this, I would like to hand over to Peer Schatz. Thank you. Peer? Hello? 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Solveigh. I would like to welcome you all to our conference call. As you saw from our numbers yesterday, 
we delivered a solid performance in the third quarter of 2010, in which we met our sales targets and exceeded our EPS 
targets. We also provided an update on our 2010 expectations, reaffirming our adjusted EPS target and trimming our 
full-year sales target for 2010 as well as providing some initial perspective on 2011. 

I want to begin by first reviewing our performance in the third quarter of 2010 which had a complex base effect for 
comparison due to the exceptional contributions in 2009 from swine flu-related products. 

We delivered the results we posted against the backdrop of challenging economic conditions, which have also been 
noted by our peers and customers. At the same time, we [audio gap] demonstrated that we are able to grow faster than 
our respective markets, and are delivering sustainable profitable growth. 

I would like to point out a few of the numbers from the quarter. 

Our net sales of $274 million rose 7% at constant exchange rates, of which 3 percentage points came from organic 
growth and 4 percentage points came in from acquisitions. If we adjust for the sales of swine flu-related products in Q3, 
2009 an additional 5 percentage points of organic growth can be added to reach 8%. In sum, sales growth was in line 
with our expectations when looking at results at the guidance range for 2010 that we provided in January. 

We exceeded our target for adjusted earnings per share, which was $0.25 in this period and $0.27 per share at constant 
exchange rates. This shows that we are driving growth and profitability as well. The underlying momentum remains 
positive. This is important, given that we are in a strategic phase to significantly expand our molecular diagnostics 
position in the areas of prevention, profiling, personalized healthcare and point-of-need testing. 

Again, when excluding swine flu-related products in both 2009 and 2010 third quarters, organic sales growth was 8%. 
We also generated an additional 6 percentage points of growth from acquisitions completed within the last 12 months. 
These 6 percentage points exceeded our guidance for those acquisitions, most notably, the DxS and SAB. All in all, 
therefore, adjusting for currency and swine flu effects and adding acquisitions, our growth was 14%. 

In terms of innovation, we have so far in 2010 launched more than 35 new products. Our pipeline is exceptionally 
strong and provides a competitive difference. We are increasingly focusing on fewer albeit larger launches over the 
next few quarters. One such key innovation milestone was the European launch in September of QIAsymphony RGQ. 
As I noted briefly, in the Q2 conference call, this system offers an unprecedented breadth of CE Marked assays and 
flexibility for our customers looking for a medium to high throughput molecular diagnostic platform. 


Our QIAsymphony RGQ is setting new standards for molecular testing, offering a broad portfolio of validated 
QIAGEN tests and even allowing customers to run their own laboratory-developed tests. It will be important for our 
global expansion and profiling and personalized healthcare through the many new assays that can be formed on that 
platform. The many that we launched with the QIAsymphony RGQ includes performance-leading assays for HIV, 
HPV, HCV, CMV, EBV, HSV, VZV, and BK virus to name just a few and the platform has a deep pipeline of assays 
for 2011 and 2012. 

We are soon launching this system in the United States as well and are targeting a leading menu in the U.S. there as 
well. As such, we are planning for 9 FDA submissions over the next 2 years starting in early 2011. In that regard, the 
potential of the agreement recently reached with Abbott is substantial. In this deal, we created access for QIAGEN to 
important assays for HIV-1 and HCV in North America. And these assays are patent protected for many years, in the 
case of HIV well beyond 2020. 

We sell these assays successfully in Europe and Asia already today. And are soon going to offer these must-have 
cornerstones in the United States therefore as well. This allows us to form a testing menu that can substantially increase 
the utility of this system and expand its placements. Combined with our own assays, we'll be able to cover more than 
80% of commercial assays performed in the United States and Canada. Separately, this agreement creates an additional 
awareness for HPV tests since we will provide Abbott with the components for our PCR based HPV kit, which we will 
continue – while we will continue selling our Hybrid Capture base test. I will provide more insights later in our 
presentation. 

In terms of customer classes, here are the headlines. In molecular diagnostics, which provides about half of our sales, 
we're seeing solid growth in profiling and very high growth in personalized healthcare. In personalized healthcare, we 
also added another companion diagnostic project with an undisclosed major pharmaceutical company. Personalized 
healthcare is an area with currently small sales contributions but very dynamic growth potential. 

Our prevention business grew for the third consecutive quarter of 2010 and was driven by growth of our HPV testing 
franchise. But our growth rate has been impacted by the continuation of reduced patient visits to doctors in United 
States. 

In applied testing, we're seeing robust growth from initiatives to expand our product range in veterinary, forensics and 
food applications. 

In pharma, where we're selling products for use in pharma R&D labs also delivered solid growth benefiting from 
organic growth and contributions from the recent acquisitions. The R-side remains challenging but the demand on the 
D-side, the development side is solid and a key growth driver. 

Academia countered softer conditions in the third quarter but we are seeing signs for more positive results in the near 
future. In summary, we made progress in the third quarter on delivering growth and are delivering our strategic 
initiatives. 

I would like now to hand over to Roland for a review of the financials. Roland? 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Yes, thank you, Peer. And good afternoon, everyone in Europe; and good morning to those joining from the U.S. 

The third quarter reflected another solid financial performance. We continued to have a robust product portfolio that is 
performing well in all our core markets. Our results underscore our focus on execution. 

Recapping the key numbers, based on January 31, 2010 currency exchange rates, we had sales of US$278 million, 
that's in line with our expectations of 270 to US$285 million. 

We achieved an EBIT margin of 29%, 30% using constant currency rates, which puts us on trend for what we expected 
for the second half of the year. 


Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter ended September 30, 2010 came in at $0.25 per share, thereby 
exceeding our expectations of 23 to $0.24. EPS at constant exchange rate was $0.27 per share. A contributing factor to 
the level of our net income is our commitment to balancing growth with prudent cost control. 

For the third quarter, adjusted net income grew by 10% in comparison to the third quarter 2009 from approximately 
US$54 million to US$59 with adjusted net income growth of 23% at constant exchange rates. 

As we noted last quarter already, we continue to have a strong base effect from H1N1 flu-related testing. In order to 
more clearly demonstrate our overall growth and the underlying core organic growth rate between the third quarter in 
2009 and 2010, we removed all revenues from product lines which could contain H1N1 related revenues, assays as well 
as revenues associated with sample prep kits, which can be used for flu testing and implementation. With these 
adjustments, our organic growth rate was 8%. Significant drivers of this position were increases in volume and an 
increase in revenues from new products in production over the past 12 months. Growth from acquisition was 6%, 
thereby leading to an overall 14% growth in net sales at constant exchange rates for the third quarter. 

On a reported basis, these numbers correspond to the following growth rate: 3% organic, 4% acquisitions, so overall 
7% at constant exchange rates. 

Moving on to our revenue distribution for the third quarter, we continue to show solid growth across most of our 
product portfolio serving all 4 main customer classes. And looking at total sales at constant exchange rates, products 
which serve customers of molecular diagnostics which represents approximately 50% of our total net sales, growth was 
9%. Pharma was 9%, academia was flat, whereas applied testing at 20% growth. 

Looking at this growth, not just only excluding H1N1 related revenues from molecular diagnostics scope was 18%, 
11% in pharma, 5% in academia and 30% in the applied testing. 

On a geographic basis, our revenue distribution and growth breakdown as follows. We had solid performance in the 
Americas with 11% growth. As some of our peers have also highlighted, there are some lingering concerns in certain 
economies notably in the U.S. Physician visits remain down and the U.S economic recovery may be at a slower pace 
than anticipated. 

We continue to grow steadily in Europe with 6%, Asia although still a smaller percentage of the overall revenue 
contribution had 4% growth. Again here, without H1N1 related revenues and at a constant exchange rate, the growth 
was 15% in the Americas, in Europe and Asia respectively. 

Moving on to slide seven. Here I'd like to review some of the operational initiatives, which we have steadily being 
progressing and implementing enterprise wide over the past few months. 

We have been centralizing our global procurement across business functions and globally aligning our purchasing 
processes. This allows us to realize economies of scale and to reduce transaction costs, effectively bundling purchasing 
power. This holds true for IT, R&D as well for manufacturing. They have implemented better controls in our inventory 
management particularly with respect to the relationship with our vendors and suppliers by minimizing excess 
inventory on hand. Also, implementation of centralized inventory management across all geographies and improvement 
from these initiatives are ongoing. While executing on these initiatives, it remains critical for us to maintain a high 
level of customer service as all this is ultimately is testament to our commitment to operational excellence. 

Our efforts in these areas have already contributed savings in the second half of 2010 and we envision that over the 
next few years, this initiative will lead to more than $20 million in savings. 

Moving on to slide number eight. I will spend a minute highlighting the progress from our cash flow. Our cash flow 
allows us to pursue growth and investment plans without depending on unstable credit markets and with limited 
exposure to interest rate developments. Both operating and free cash flow have increased steadily since 2007. 
Operating cash flow has been growing faster than net sales and income growth; in fact, tripling. This underscores our 
increasing cost stability as well as assess in our working capital management. 


Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Roland and we are now in slide nine. I would like to provide you with an update across our portfolio and 
provide insights into achievements and growth drivers in our customer classes. 

Turning to the next slide, slide 10. I want to take a moment to put the growth potential of molecular information into 
perspective. Now everything we do at QIAGEN is about transforming raw biology containing genetic information into 
digital information. 

We are constantly finding new ways to apply our world-class capabilities to develop products that meet a broad range 
of customer needs. In fact, more than 90% of our products are hybrids and sold within more than one of our four 
customer classes, that is more than 90%. The fundamental growth drivers are indisputable. The revolution sparked by 
molecular biology in many ways is only just begun and areas are emerging such as personalized healthcare that were 
not even conceivable 20 years ago. Penetration rates are very low still. For example, the number of hospitals in the 
United States that conduct molecular testing is only about 10% of the total number of hospitals and only very few tests 
are available. This will change dramatically as we see more and more biological content emerge that can be translated 
into clinically relevant tests. 

When looking at our current revenue drivers and at the same time at their future growth potential, this chart underscores 
our strategic initiatives to expand the molecular diagnostics. 

We're leveraging our global leadership in sample and assay technologies that are used in all of these figures that you 
see here. And which is at the core of everything we do to fuel multiple growth engines in the future. You can see that 
profiling and prevention have become large revenue contributors, while personalized healthcare has the potential to 
become a significant future growth driver. This is why, we are determined to building a leading position in Companion 
Diagnostics and personalized healthcare and to thereby achieve exponential growth rate in and through this area. 

At the same time, academia and pharma are core elements of QIAGEN and are providing about 40% of current sales 
and form a basis of new innovations and partnerships. We will continue seeking to capitalize on growth opportunities 
anticipating and addressing the needs of our customers. Also important to note is how scientific advances in these areas 
particularly academia are the source for clinically relevant breakthroughs. And applied testing, even though it only 
represents about 10% of our sales, it has dynamic growth potential given the broad range of technology applications in 
non-human areas such as food safety, veterinary science and forensics. 

Our recent acquisition in 2010, of many food testing assays from ifp is just one example. 

On the next slide, slide 11, you see our four customer classes, molecular diagnostics, pharma, academia and applied 
testing. Molecular diagnostics provides about half of our sales, and is obviously a key growth driver. Our end-market 
are large hospitals, reference labs, specialized testing centers continue to have a robust outlook. 

In profiling, which is about 20% of our sales, we've seen a significant expansion of our asset portfolio and we are going 
forward capitalized on the QIAsymphony RGQ as an important growth driver in the next two years both in the United 
States and abroad. 

And prevention, which is about 25% of our sales, our main products are HPV screening and genotyping solutions. 
We're making progress on converting the U.S. market in challenging conditions, while also targeting global 
opportunities. And a future growth driver will be the introduction of QIAGEN as a next generation technology platform 
for prevention assays and expansion into other areas such as CTNG. 

In personalized healthcare, in addition to forming new collaborations with major pharmaceutical companies, we 
recently completed the integration of DxS into QIAGEN following the acquisition in the second half of 2009. 

I'll come back to the areas of applied testing, pharma and academia later in my presentation. But you can see here that 
we had overall solid results in this quarter driven by multiple growth engine sources. 


Turning to the next slide, I'd like to update you now on the progress we are making in personalized healthcare. When 
we talk about this topic, we mean matching the right patients with the right drug and using companion diagnostics. That 
is the key to success, we have seen so far in this area, for instance with our assets such as KRAS and EGFR. In this 
area, we have built a by far leading position and also have about 20 assays beyond KRAS and EGFR in our menu today 
and many more in our pipeline. QIAGEN has assembled what it will take for success in this area. 

We have the sample and assay technologies. We have the diagnostic platforms including the QIAsymphony RGQ. We 
also have a full infrastructure to develop tests and global presence, to co – commercialize. And lastly, we are 
independent. 

All of these factors have made us the number one in terms of nucleic acid based projects for companion diagnostics. As 
you saw in our press release, in the third quarter, 2010 added another major project with an undisclosed pharmaceutical 
company. 

We made further progress in the third quarter of 2010. The integration of DxS has been successfully completed 
following the September 2009 acquisition, which more than doubled our broad range of personalized healthcare assays. 
The therascreen KRAS assay, which determines the gene mutation status in patients with colorectal cancer is in the 
process of being submitted to the FDA for pre-marketing regulatory approval. 

We expect the first modules to be submitted in 2010. We have launched about 10 new therascreen and other 
personalized healthcare assay since our acquisition, including KRAS and EGFR now running under QIAsymphony 
RGQ systems. 

In addition, we launched a suite of automated solutions to process formalin fixed, paraffin embedded tissues, one of the 
key sample types in personalized medicine, a previously notoriously difficult process. 

We now have more than 15 research and marketing collaborations underway with pharmaceutical companies. And we 
have a packed development pipeline. 

Our personalized healthcare assays run on our new platform, QIAsymphony RGQ and so do our profiling assays. 
Therefore, turning to slide 13, as this slide shows we had an exciting quarter also in our profiling area, as it is 
highlighted in the European launch of the QIAsymphony RGQ in September. 

I've mentioned this launch briefly in our second quarter conference call, noting that the integration of the Rotor-Gene Q 
with the real-time PCR thermocycler into the QIAsymphony RGQ SP sample prep and AS or assay set of modules 
would unlock key utility for our customers. This sample to result system offers many features that will create an 
exceptional flexibility and include continuous loading, random access and open channel for user developed assays. This 
platform has the ability to process an almost unlimited range of sample types and very importantly, customers will be 
able to run our broad commercial menu and their own laboratory developed test as well. These features are our key and 
previously unmet demands of our customers. Critical to the success of this platform will be the development of a very 
broad range of assays. In some ways you could think of this platform as an iPad and an ability to add as many apps as 
possible. 

For the U.S. and Canada, the recent agreement with Abbott is, therefore, a key step forward. We are thereby gaining 
access to HIV, HCV assays which catalyze our internal work on our HPV assay. Then in combination with our existing 
broad portfolio of assays, we will provide a menu covering more than 80% of the viral load test conducted in these 
markets. Many more tests are in development and we are planning more technological advances such as the ability to 
integrate detection options such as Pyrosequencing and multiplexing solutions. 

Turning to the next slide, slide 14, I would like to provide some insights on the U.S. markets for HPV testing. As you 
know, the number of patients visiting doctors in the United States for HPV tests has been declining during the course of 
2010. This trend was not expected to have continued in the third quarter. 

Our assumptions now are that this adverse trend will continue into the fourth quarter and this was the reason for our 
conservative near-term outlook. This decline has been blamed on the uncertain U.S. economy, the rising unemployment 
rate, and related reduction or loss of insurance benefits. In fact, we have seen some estimates of up to a 15% decline in 


the year-on-year visits for these types of preventive tests. Mathematically, it is hard to believe that levels could fall 
much more below current levels. 

At the same time, our market conversion initiatives are very successful. This is getting lost in the noise. While 
prevention assays, assays in asymptomatic patients in other words, are mostly impacted by declining doctors' visits, 
HPV testing is still substantially under-penetrated as a market and we are successfully increasing penetration. 

For instance, we doubled conversion in the last three years from 20% to 40% through awareness programs aimed at 
both patients and physicians about treatment standards. At only 40% conversion, still the market has substantial 
potential. The benefits of this test are undisputable. U.S. guidelines call for a Pap plus HPV test for all women over 30 
regardless of whether a woman has been vaccinated. 

In other words, while the doctor visits are falling, we have been increasing penetration with the true effect, the reduced 
number of doctor visits and the increased penetration offsetting each other, but the net result is that we are growing. 
One has to acknowledge, as has been written in recent research reports, that there is a strong correlation between 
economic cycles and doctor visits for preventive care treatment. 

On this chart, we are explaining the various market dynamics for HPV in the United States. Our view remains that 
based on the assumption of market conversion continuing at a good rate and the economic stabilization would enable 
the HPV franchise to return to substantially faster growth rate as all fundamentals except for doctor visit intervals are 
fully intact. 

In this example, think of an escalator as the economy driving patient visits with the number of visits rising or falling 
based on the economic conditions. The speed at which the man on the escalator shown here is running is the rate of 
conversion. Even in these challenging economic times, we have still been growing HPV sales despite the decline in 
doctor visits. In this example, this would be similar to someone running up a downward moving escalator and still 
making progress, albeit with a lot of effort. 

The net outcome has been positive performance so far in 2010 over the previous year periods and also sequentially. But 
the unanticipated slowdown in doctor's visit has reached a level that will not allow us to get the net growth we are 
targeting for the fourth quarter. And this is the reason for the modest reduction in the 2010 sales targets notably in the 
fourth quarter. However, once the economy start to stabilize and I'm not saying increases or recovers, I'm saying 
stabilizes, regardless of the level, one could at least anticipate that patients would continue to visit the doctors at the 
current intervals; again, regardless of the level. 

Our view is that this situation would lead to an improved sales situation in HPV, building on top of the successful 
conversion initiatives. In this example, this would be as if someone were walking up a stationary escalator, our 
conversion rates being the determining factor for growth. 

And once the economic view should become more positive and the unemployment rate falls, this is when we would see 
an even faster growth. In this example, this would be as if someone were running up an upward moving escalator or 
growing much faster as growth from conversion and growth from increased number of doctor visits are additive. 

We're often asked about our views on the entry of competition. Will there be an impact? Yes, but there would be an 
impact in any type of market situation and is fully part of our plan as it would be too simplistic to believe that such a 
vast market opportunity would be served by one company alone. We have often said that our forecast take into account 
maintaining at least 70% of the U.S. market for HPV testing following the introduction of several competitors. 

But here are some factors to consider. Our view is that none of the competitor assays are anywhere close to being as 
validated to the extent of our assay. So QIAGEN continues to prove it has a superior product offering. New competitors 
will drive also HPV test awareness; this should help the overall market. 

In addition, we will further capitalize on our leading position in HPV by introducing the QIAensemble as a 
next-generation prevention platform and thereby expand our offering of assays to CT/NG as well as to several others, 
which have a market potential far beyond HPV. So in summary, we're focusing on what we can do in the HPV market 
and that is to continue to drive conversion. This will position us to benefit from the eventual economic recovery or even 


the economic stabilization, which will be a key factor for patient visits. At the same time, we have a strategic view to 
build on our leadership in HPV to expand our offering to these important customers with a complete set of prevention 
assays. 

Turning to the next slide, slide 15. I would like to update you on the progress on our three other customer classes. In 
applied testing, the strong trend continues. Although this business is relatively small, we are rapidly building our assay 
offerings. The integration of ifp, the German food testing lab, is going very well. 

Our teams are preparing the first of some 70 food testing assays for QIAGEN systems for launch in the fourth quarter 
of 2010. Another area for expansion has been the adoption of new European standards in forensics by the new 
European Network of Forensic Science Institutes or ENFSI. We have an advantage as one of the first competitors to 
market new assays complying with these new standards. 

And finally, we experienced solid growth, thanks to strong demand from the industry's development side of the 
business. We've seen favorable customer reactions to new product, particularly to the SABiosciences-acquired 
products. The research side of the business remains challenging; we're looking at ways to overall drive growth at a 
faster pace in this customer class. 

In academia, we saw soft trends in the third quarter. This appears to be an aberration since trends are pointing to a more 
positive market outlook. This includes demand from Asia as well as in the United States and other markets. 

In summary, I hope you can see that we're making good progress on our strategic initiatives. We are reacting quickly 
and flexibly to current market conditions or taking the longer term perspective on growth opportunities in the use of 
molecular information. 

I would now like to hand over to Roland for a review of our latest expectations for 2010, Roland. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah, thank you, Peer. Moving on to the fiscal year 2010 expectation on slide 16. While the industry still faces some 
global challenges due to various economic uncertainties, QIAGEN remains to be uniquely positioned and as such, we 
have much more room for future growth. However, in the short term, we don't see a dramatic increase in physician 
visits and therefore, are cautiously revising our fiscal year revenue guidance as Peer has noted. 

For the fiscal year 2010, we anticipate revenue to be approximately US$1,090 million to US$1,105 million, US dollar 
guidance rate established on January 31 of this year. We expect the adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.91 and 
$0.92 per share based on January 31, 2010, exchange rate. Without the ifp portfolio acquisition, adjusted EPS would be 
$0.01 more. Additionally, given currency fluctuations this year, we anticipate some top line headwind of 1% using 
actual rates, which may result in unfavorable warning for adjusted EPS. 

In terms of adjustment to operating income, we expect equity-based compensation expense between US$13 million and 
US$14 million; amortization of acquired IP of approximately US$86 million; business integration, acquisition, and 
restructuring expenses of US$17 million to US$18 million partly due to our 2009 acquisition and integration of 
Corbett. 

As we had stated on our second quarter call in August, the expected tax benefit from our tax planning, particularly in 
the area of financing and integration of acquisitions, will lead to a tax rate of 23% to 25% for the second part of 2010, 
which compares to a 27% rate for the first six months in 2010. So for the full year, we now expect to come in within 
the range of 24% to 25%, which means within our expectation for the year 2010. 

It is too early for guidance on the 2011 effective tax rate as governments are revising tax rates quite quickly these days, 
but it should be close to the aforementioned range for the full year 2010. The weighted average number of fully diluted 
shares outstanding will be around 240 million shares for the third quarter 2010. 


For the fourth quarter, our expectations and assumptions are as follows. Based on the guidance rate established on 
January 31 of this year, we anticipate revenues of US$275 million to US$290 million and adjusted earnings of $0.24 to 
$0.25 per share. For the fourth quarter, we are guiding for moderate growth. This is driven by two facts, which clearly 
make the fourth quarter the toughest one in terms of comparability within the year. 

Strong swine flu sales as well as a very strong prevention business in the fourth quarter 2009 will lead to a very 
moderate organic growth rate for the fourth quarter 2010. The good news is the swine flu impacted at the end of 
December 31. And our U.S. HPV franchise had not only delivered now three sequential quarters of positive growth 
contribution and therefore a trend in the right direction but also our U.S. HPV franchise started in the new year from a 
very different basis. 

As we have seen previously, the last few months of the year are usually more heavily weighted in product mix towards 
instruments. This in combination with a slightly higher tax rate within the third quarter and expenses from the Abbott 
deal will lever some pressure on EPS. 

In terms of adjustment to operating income for the fourth quarter; equity-based compensation of US$3 million to US$4 
million; amortization of acquired IP of approximately US$22 million; business integration, acquisition, and 
restructuring expenses of US$3 million to US$4 million. The tax rates that Peer had outlined to you last quarter would 
be somewhat lower than for the fiscal year in the second half in the range of 22% to 25%. 

With that, I hand it back to Peer. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Roland. I'm now on slide 18 to provide a quick summary before I move into Q&A. 

As I mentioned at the start, we delivered a solid performance in the third quarter, meeting our sales target and 
exceeding our EPS target. We have been continuously making progress during the year and our adjusted operating 
income margin reached 29% of net sales and then 30% at the constant exchange rates in the third quarter. 

QIAsymphony RGQ was among the key product highlights in the third quarter. This instrument offers an 
unprecedented breadth of assays and flexibility for our customers and will be an important factor for our global 
expansion in profiling and personalized healthcare. The other agreement is a substantial step forward for expansion in 
the U.S. market in that we have gained access to important cornerstone assays for HIV and HCV. 

Turning to the outlook. We have reaffirmed our guidance for adjusted EPS within the range we had set at the beginning 
of 2010. Based on the economic conditions in United States and the impact on doctor visits, the adverse trend that we 
had now seen in the second quarter did not improve. While we all know that stabilization is not far away, we are taking 
a conservative view in the fourth quarter and as a result, we trimmed our full-year sales target. 

At the same time, our conversion efforts in the United States HPV market continued to be successful and we have been 
growing despite the economic trend. What will make the difference in growth will be an economic stabilization in the 

U.S. or even better a recovery that will help generate faster growth for this product. 
Keep, however, in mind that HPV testing in the United States accounts for about 20% of our sales and we're building 
our pipeline of new products across our entire portfolio in academia, pharma, applied testing, and in all areas of 
molecular diagnostics. 

In particular, we have made progress in building a range of companion diagnostic projects with pharmaceutical 
companies that is unprecedented. This area of our business has dynamic growth potential and the upcoming submission 
of the landmark KRAS assay in the United States will be an important achievement in this area. For 2011, some initial 
views. We are well-positioned to continue to grow significantly faster than our markets even if we see a continuation of 
the current economic conditions into the new year. 


Before we go into Q&A, I would like to introduce a new member of our team. John Gilardi has joined QIAGEN as VP, 
Corporate Communications, and will be leading our global communications team and interacting with finance 
community and the media. Many of you will have an opportunity to meet him in the near future. 

With that, I would like to hand back to Solveigh to open up the Q&A session. Thank you. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 

Yes. Thank you very much, Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. I would like to open the 
Q&A session by handing over to the operator. Kanisha. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the Quintin Lai from Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi, good afternoon, and good morning. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Quintin. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thanks for the color on HPV. It certainly does kind of match up with what some of the 
competitors especially on preps – pap smears are saying about volumes and the macro. But as I look at your molecular 
diagnostics franchise, I mean you reported 9% growth, 18% excluding H1N1. So that means the profiling business 
must really be growing strongly. So, Peer, could you give a little color, is it a volume thing, is it new products, where is 
that demand coming from? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, thanks, Quintin. The growth in profiling is actually very exciting. 
We have a few things coming together. First of all, there is an increasing trend towards the use of molecular testing 
technologies in many different areas of testing. Number two is we are seeing more and more laboratories start adopting 
molecular testing. It's coming new to the market. 

So for instance, in the United States, as an example, out of the about 5,000-6,000 hospitals, only 10% are currently 
doing molecular testing and it's pretty much consensus that that will go to a few thousand over the next 5, 7 years. So 
there is going to be a substantial expansion of number of people doing molecular testing. And on top of that, more and 
more tests will convert to that menu. So they are two effects coming together. That's why the overall market is growing 
very nicely. 

At the same time, within that area, we are actually getting a premium growth because of the launch of our new systems. 
I think that has kind of gotten lost a little in the noise that with the QIAsymphony RGQ we have by far the most 
flexible, most powerful platform for molecular testing, that it can be process basically anything that a laboratory wants 
to process in random access and continuous load. 

Personally, I think that the area of profiling and personalized healthcare is substantially larger than the prevention 
market and much higher value. I'll give you an example. The price of a HIV test can easily be as high as $40, so up to 3 
times higher compared to a screening test, up to 10 times for some more established screening tests like Chlamydia. So 
you have a substantial value generation per test. These are high-value tests and run at lower volumes and where the 
platform and the ability to create utility from a platform is an important factor. 

So I think going forward, this will continue to be an important element for us and I am very excited that the 
personalized healthcare assays have actually now been ported on to a Rotor-Gene. And as we all know, this will 
obviously be the platform that we will be submitting to the FDA as well as for the first assays starting in a few weeks. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thanks. I'll jump back in to the queue. 


<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Quintin. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Bill Quirk from Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Good. Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Bill. 

<Q - William Quirk>: First question, Peer, can you elaborate a little bit on the comments that you made earlier – early 
in your script about academic research being a turnaround. I was just hoping to flesh that out a little bit more. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: No, just for swine flu, we saw a 5% growth, which was slightly lower 
than what we traditionally saw in academia, which was typically in higher single-digits. We attribute that a little bit to 
seasonal effects and probably I called it an aberration, which is clearly an estimate on our side. 

We see for 2011 actually a very solid outlook for academia. We also see a very good traction on our products and 
customers in fourth quarter into also 2011. So as we all look at the budget situation, the U.S. budgets actually look 
quite promising even excluding stimulus impact for 2011, which we all can expect – the growth in the NIH budget is 
one of the highest ones we've seen in the last few years. 

And in Europe, we are also seeing some quite promising developments. The UK is not quite as bad as everybody 
hoped. Spain is actually also not quite as bad as everybody feared. And Germany is probably better than everybody had 
hoped. And so these big economies are actually doing quite well. 

So we attribute that simply to some of the marketing programs and the focus that we've created on some of the launches 
of the new products that we slotted for the summer launches that led to 1% to 2% difference in the organic growth rate. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Very good. Thank you for the color there. And then a quick question for Roland. And, forgive 
me, Roland, apparently my math skills aren't quite that sharp this morning but why would the M&A contribution 
vacillate between 4% to 6% due to the impact of swine flu? Could you maybe just clarify that and just give us the 
absolute dollar number of the M&A contribution in the quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Bill. It's of course the way we calculate the swine flu impact. 
And as you know, we exclude all the product lines which could be impacted by swine flu revenues. And of course, 
therefore, it has a lower basis; by excluding it, absolute number is of course lower than the total of the reported number, 
where on the other hand, of course, revenues coming from the M&A side is still the same number. So therefore, of 
course, it is higher [inaudible] sales 6% and 4% on the total [inaudible]. 

<Q - William Quirk>: So the M&A contribution from [inaudible] services was, call it, 12 million or thereabout, I 
guess, I am kind of taking an average of the two? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: So, for the 6% out of 74, roughly 74. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Lawson from Mizuho. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Peter. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Morning. The double-digit growth you're seeing at the pharma, what's been driving that and 
what's the outlook for that business in 2011? 


<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, pharma is clearly a market that has seen its challenges in the past, 
but we have been pretty deliberately starting to focus more on the D side of pharma. What has been helping us is that 
our ability to actually provide products that are manufactured for and developed for diagnostic use and hybrid uses in 
the pharmaceutical development area, so not pure clinical diagnostics but still meeting the quality requirements and 
also the standardization requirements that the pharmaceutical industry has in that area, has actually been quite 
successful. 

What is also doing very well is our content-driven approach, selling assays with the biological content. It's quite 
interesting to see I'd say, in all humbleness here today, that we probably in terms of the bioinformatics content driven 
by informatics, we probably have the best offering in the world today in terms of how we can actually decide what type 
of assays should be used for what kind of pathways and in what kind of format that can be best tested for. And that 
combination is just helping us quite a bit in the pharma D side, which is a rapidly growing area. 

<Q>: And the outlook for 2011 for that business? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, that's difficult to say. We are definitely seeing some good 
successes in the near-term. I would expect that the R side continues to be difficult in 2011. And the D side is being 
more and more hotwired actually with our personalized healthcare franchise. So we're starting to sell bundles and going 
much deeper into the development pipeline into earlier stages. 

If this is successful, I think there is a tremendous opportunity for us to continue growth like we're seeing here in the 
double digits. And that's clearly our goal. I think we have a great offering that we now have streamlined and put 
together – that's why the integration of SAB and the launch of the products through our channel, the ability to launch 
now the QIAsymphony RGQ that by the way also can run the SAB product offering. 

And all reagents that are manufactured under GMP have a diagnostic like feel and touch to them and level of quality. 
That is a very important differentiator to almost everybody supplying into this market. So interesting opportunity, we'll 
see how the pharmaceutical industry accepts this value proposition. The initial signs are very promising. 

<Q>: And just a quick question for Roland. How should we think about the impact of one-time events in 4Q such as 
swine flu? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: In the fourth quarter this year? As I've said this clearly, this is the 
toughest one in terms of comparability, and therefore, clearly in terms of organic growth, the fourth quarter is the most 
challenging one for us. Nevertheless, the good news here is clearly again as of December 31, these things are over and 
we go here with a good basis into 2011 which I guess is a good news here for us. 

<Q>: Is that, do you think it's a negative 3%, 4% impact? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: It depends, of course, in which part of the range our guidance would 
look like. So I think it could be 1/3, it could be slightly more than that. 

<Q>: Okay, thanks so much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Peter, thank you for this question. If I may just add to this, we all 
understand here that it's very confusing to have these different effects, with swine flu, without swine flu, the constant 
currency effect. Our goal was simply to provide all these numbers and to provide the utmost transparency. There 
clearly has been a lot of demand from people to be comparable to peers and excluding certain effect. But we also, I 
think in this call, wanted to make it very clear what all the effects were and you can use the numbers that you think are 
appropriate for your analysis but they are all in the table. 

<Q>: Perfect. Thanks so much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from Marshall Urist from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Yeah. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. First one, I just wanted, Roland, if you could 
comment on the kind of price, volume, new product contribution to the 8% organic growth [inaudible]? I didn't see it in 
the presentation for the conference call. So if you could give some detail there, that'd be helpful. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: I can take this [inaudible]. So as prices are very similar to last 
quarter, so somewhere between 1% and 2%. And between volume and new product it's actually fairly stable. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Okay, great. Thanks. And then just got a couple of pipeline questions, the first one, if you could 
talk a little bit more in detail about the kind of initial pipeline and backlog for the symphony RGQ in Europe, kind of 
where are you seeing it going and how much of a benefit is that going to be in the fourth quarter. And then if we could 
get an update on the filing timelines and strategy for the ensemble SP module in the U.S., that would be helpful? 
Thanks. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. The QIAsymphony RGQ system has a potential for that which is 
in the four digits. We are starting rolling this out now. And this will be a long-term initiative. We are seeing clearly that 
this platform will be the basis for many years to come for assay developments. So we have a platform. It's a sample to 
result system and we are simply developing now assay by assay for use on this platform and adding certain 
technological features to it as well. 

The first initial feedback that we got wasn't very positive. We had a number. There were a few dozen placements that 
were done actually prior to the launch. The publications have and are coming out. The AMP meeting, for instance, next 
week in California, will have a number of publications on the performance of this system, spanning from viral loads to 
esoteric disease testing to trans-plantation testing to also personalized healthcare genetic assays. 

So you'll see just the power of breadth and it's difficult to say where these [inaudible] estimates, where this will go, but 
I think it will be more a 2011 driver where this platform can provide a meaningful impact on our revenue growth next 
year. It's definitely one of the big revenue contributions that we plan for next year. And this is a new product. So it's 
starting basically from zero. 

The QIAensemble is, as we noted in the conference call for the second quarter results, we're executing – we're 
implement the re-prioritized project – product portfolio. And as part of that, we are accelerating some of the features 
into the launch and may give less of a stabilized approach and also integrating some of the menu options that we want 
to have from the start. So we gave the initial expectations and will continue to update that, going forward. There are 
several different components to that trial going forward and it is our target to initiate that trial very quickly. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Tycho Peterson from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Evan Lodes>: Hi, good morning. It's Evan for Tycho. I was wondering, given revenues that came in a little bit 
lighter than expected, R&D and SG&A growth have remained pretty robust and how should we think about this, going 
forward? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Roland, do you want to take that one? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: In terms of margin expansions, I think first of all for the year 2010, I 
think, we promised during the second quarter conference call that we should see a 29% EBIT margin for the second 
part of 2010. And, yes, we delivered that in the third quarter and I'm also expecting that at least for the fourth quarter. 
And by the way, on constant currency it's actually 30%, which is one of the highest margins we've ever had at 
QIAGEN. The third quarter 2009, it was a tough comparison because it was an all-time record quarter for QIAGEN. 


Going forward, also we clearly do have a long-term goal of having a EBIT margin improvement of somewhere 
between 75 and 100 basis points year-over-year. And I don't see any reason why this would have changed. So I am over 
year quite positive for the year 2011 in the given environment. 

<Q - Evan Lodes>: All right. Great. Thanks. And my follow up would be, looking at the very, very strong growth 
coming out of the applied market segment, could you talk about the sustainability of that growth and if any one area is 
driving that? Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. We are getting a lot of growth from three areas basically. The first 
is the veterinary area, which is actually the largest of the sub-segments we are in. And I think it is very fair to say that 
we are globally the leader in molecular veterinary testing and have created a menu of tests that are being used 
worldwide typically by centralized testing organizations, state run. And we are expanding the menu of assays on the 
existing platform. By the way, the QIAsymphony RGQ also plays into that. That, I think, is a more steady grower 
within that portfolio. 

More additional events are coming from the increases in products in the area of forensic testing. What we were able to 
was to enter the forensic assay market in Europe through partnerships and acquisitions, gained access to the critical IP 
and the products related to that and are doing that exactly at the time where new standards have been created. This was 
also delivered, and we're seeing a very good traction. 

Customers are looking for a change in this area, which is a substantial three-digit million market size, where we have 
something new to offer in a very exciting combination. So we are getting a very good uptake based on the new products 
in the forensic area. 

And in the food testing area, there I would say it's an area that we still have a very small footprint in but now suddenly 
have a big product range that is coming into our offering now starting in this fourth quarter through the IFP acquisition. 
In other words, I think that, going forward, for several years to come we can show this and higher, maybe, even growth 
rates from the applied testing sector for quite some years to come. 

Operator 

Next question comes from Cornelia Thomas from WestLB. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Hello, good afternoon and good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. You were talking 
about the decline in physician office visits. I'm saying that some estimates are that there has to make a bit decline of up 
to 15%. I was just wondering if that related to the quarter, is that year-over-year, for the third quarter? Is that 
year-over-year for nine months or is that sequentially? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: The various estimates that you will see on doctors' visits can be taken 
from different sources, but the number that I gave was a year-over-year number. The 


<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: For the third quarter? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: ...proxies that you can use – for instance, IMF data on certain preventive 
OB/GYN related products. You can also use certain proxies that are similar testing products that are done also on 
asymptomatic patients in preventive visits. The numbers that we've seen actually – they even go – some of them go 
beyond 15%, some as high as the low 20s in terms of reduction of doctors' visits as an overall number. If you add this 
now over the past periods, we are at a level where the inflows are actually very standard. And I think that was where 
your question is moving to making it pretty difficult to assume that we will see a continuation of this for a long time. 
Now, this is not what I'm not putting here on the table, but that's what you'll typically see from most people providing 
their opinions on next year doctor visits number is that it should start re-emerging sometime very soon because of a 
rather low level that we are already at today. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thank you. And then I'm just wondering on the instrument side, Q3 was fairly weak 
there despite the RGQ launch. Could you just explain the reasons behind that and your expectations for the fourth 


quarter? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. The RGQ launch happened in – on February – on September 7 
and so the whole sales force at least the diagnostics and the applied testing sales force and parts of the pharma sales 
force were gearing up for that launch. So there were some maybe distractions from some of the other instrumentation 
products that led to a slightly softer quarter in this area, but we still see a very strong demand for instrumentation 
products going forward, so I expect also 2011 to be a strong instrumentation year for us as well. 

The fourth quarter is always a little bit a wildcard here depends on how the budgets fall in this area. Traditionally it is a 
higher growth quarter for instrumentation. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Great. And then one last question if I may. You still have quite a lot of cash on your 
balance sheet. Just wondering what your plans are to M&A. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Roland, do you want to take that one? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Hi, of course we clearly are looking for M&A transactions. 
We also have a good set up with a target in the prior planned year focusing on molecular diagnostics and applied 
testing or to reach our [inaudible] area we are looking at. So seeing quite a good number of targets, which can deliver 
us in short for sure mid term evaluations. So you shouldn't be surprised if we're executing [inaudible] in a short 
timeframe. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Daniel Wendorff from Commerzbank. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Yes. Good afternoon. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Dan, how are you? 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: I am good. Thank you. Three questions, if I may, and starting off with your geographical 
revenue contribution, and if I look at that quarter-on-quarter, it looks like you have not only increased growth actually 
in the Americas, but also the share of revenues generated in the Americas whereas Europe tends to be a bit sluggish. 
Am I right in assuming that your softer development in the academic markets is mainly related to some European 
countries? If so, I would be interested in which countries? 

And secondly, on your personalized and healthcare franchise, which you mentioned, the 5% of total sales, is that 
including also all development deals or full-time equivalence be charged and you are being reimbursed for by the 
pharma companies. That would – actually be a – actually only two questions, so these two I'd like to ask. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Yeah, sure. I'll start out with the question on personalized 
healthcare. It depends on the structure of the transactions how these things are accounted for. Sometimes these 
development collaborations are structured as call it research and development, where we get compensation for research 
funding in certain ways, and sometimes they are also structured as an access to a certain technology that we have. So it 
depends – there is no standardized accounting for these things. But yes, the growth that we're seeing in the personalized 
healthcare space, which is very substantial is driven to a certain degree by these development contributions that are 
profitable for us. But what is much more interesting is actually the growth of the assays, the product that we sell into 
this area, which is much higher actually than the growth in the development-related contributions. So even though we 
are increasing the number of partnerships that we have, we signed several this year as you know and coming off a base 
of last year and some of them have run out and we're adding others to them but the growth in the kit sales becomes 
cumulative and is growing at a very high growth rate. 

The question on the geographic breakdown, I'll hand over to Roland. 


<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: I can take that. Yeah, hi. Molecular diagnostics is clearly the driver 
here for a strong performance also in Americas, in despite our HPV franchise. So it's really driven by [inaudible] the 
escalate on the call we had 18% excluding H1N1 molecular growth rate and particular in U.S. we had a very strong 
growth with our assets. So I think there's probably more the reason, the positive reason that we've seen a different 
growth rate academia in Europe versus the U.S. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Yeah. I was just wondering, because of the difficult situation in these prevention assays? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. But what we see in Europe is of course that countries like 
especially in south – southern part of Europe have a different growth rate, but QIAGEN has more or less than 2% of 
revenues coming out of this area, though of course countries like France, Germany actually doing exceptionally well. 
So I really wouldn't contribute to that. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Romain Zana [Exane BNP Paribas SA]. 

<Q - Romain Zana>: Yes, good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Most of my questions have already 
been answered actually but maybe a question on HPV in Europe. Can you – do you have more visibility on the timing 
for the reimbursement in the different potential countries and if you could give us an update on your market share in 
Europe, if I'm right there is already several players? 

And maybe one question for Roland, on the tax rate, would it be a fair assumption to consider a sustainable 24%, 25% 
tax rate looking forward? Thanks. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, I'll take the first part. You're right, Europe is a very dynamic 
environment and as we all know Europe is unfortunately relatively heterogeneous and this means, we are taking these 
discussions country by country and we've laid out some of the details in the past. This is simply a conversion effort. It 
took several years in the United States to get to the reimbursement and the level of standardization that we're seeing in 
the U.S. And we are doing the same thing now country by country and are working with the key opinion leaders. 

We're involved in about, I would say about 30 pilot trials and at least that many of them throughout the world and other 
countries where people are actually doing large pilots, where they are looking at the implement ability of these types of 
preventive tasks. We have a market share in Europe of about 70%. That said, we are winning almost every major 
screening deal because the interesting thing is that, the – while laboratories can implement tests and do their own 
validation, if you're looking at population-based screening, this is a scenario where you need a substantial degree of 
validation and there we're simply years ahead of any competitor. And as we have longitudinal studies and over 1 
million data points and dozens of large clinical trials that were performed using our products in different types of 
settings from central Africa through to industrialized wealthy nations, we can implement the product works and it is 
highly cost-effective. And most of the competitors have shown that they fail on one of these 3 pillars and this is 
something that we are successfully able to bring across for these national programs. So we were able to announce a big 
one last year, with Mexico, where we have by far the majority of the market there and I think there will be others 
coming forward that we'll able to talk about. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. Hello, Romain. Question on tax rate, yes, as you laid out, we 
were able to come in an expected tax rate for the year 2010 of 24% to 25% of effective tax rate. I think in the given 
environment and assuming for a second that no government going forward is dramatically changing the tax rate and 
taxing – taxation, I think 24% to 25% is also a good basis for planning into 2011. 

<Q - Romain Zana>: Thank you. And maybe a fourth question on Europe HPV if I may. Is the aim to pass the HPVs 
screening test as a primary test or would it be more like – U.S., like a confirmation test? 


<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, most countries have, with one or two exceptions, most countries 
have already adopted the so called reflex regime where a HPV test confirms inconclusive Pap test or an ASCUS Pap 
test. Every country is very different. We are working in programs that are co-testing, we are working in programs that 
are doing HPV as a primary reflexing into cytology, we are working on programs that are not doing cytology at all 
anymore. So all of these options are currently being looked at and every country has a certain preference driven by the 
scientific or clinical community that is advising them and in all of these scenarios we are able to provide substantial 
benefits. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Welford from Jefferies. 

<Q - Peter Welford>: Hi, thanks. I just got two quick follow-up questions. And firstly, could you possibly give at the 
current moment in time given the acquisitions you've already executed? And what sort of impact from acquisitions we 
should expect as a percentage in the fourth quarter. And then secondly, just regards to the flu, it looks to me as though 
so far year to date you booked around $25 million or so of flu related effects should we say that happened in the first 
nine month of 2009. Am I right in saying that even the fourth quarter will be bigger than that 25 million or are we just 
saying the fourth quarter impact will be bigger than what the impact we saw in the third quarter? That will be great. 
Thank you. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: I will start, I probably can answer both questions. M&A will 
probably incur in terms of contribution, the fourth quarter quite similar than that we have seen in the third quarter and 
in terms of swine flu, again for us it's very – the way we calculate this is a Swine Flu impact is looking on two kind of 
different product, which one is, which concludes product lines, which for sure don't have anything to do with the swine 
flu in 2009 and one of course including everything. 

And so we're comparing this both sets, so it's very hard for us to – and then comparing growth rate, which it doesn't 
lead to a conclusion how much was swine flu, within one group and as another group. It just shows one group, which is 
a clear group and doesn't contain any kind of revenues coming from swine flu was growing 6% or 14% in this quarter. 
And the other group, which is behold – is a forward company is growing 7%. 

Our difficulty as said in the last quarter conference call, is that we don't have a kind of a tough time to do business one 
product which we will incur, can extract we sold assays for swine flu. But we are also sold sub [inaudible] translation a 
lot of semi finished products, which can be used for multifold purposes, which especially even goes to Asia. It's very 
hard to track and distinguish why. 

Operator 

We have now reached our allotted time for questions. I will now like to turn the conference over to Dr. Mähler. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Yeah, thank you very much, Kanisha. With this, I would like to close the conference call by thanking you all for 
participating. We hope to welcome you again to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call on 
Tuesday, February 1, 2011. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Again, thank you 
very much and have a nice day. Bye, bye. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


