Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 
• Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 
• Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Quintin Lai 
• Marshall Urist 
• Peter Lawson 
• Holger Blum 
• William Quirk 
• Tycho Peterson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Lisa and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the QIAGEN Fourth Quarter 2010 and Full Year Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been 
placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer 
session. [Operator Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Dr. Solveigh Mähler. Thank you. Dr. Mähler, you may begin your 
conference. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 

Yes, thank you very much, Lisa and hello, everybody. Welcome to QIAGEN's fourth quarter and full year 2010 
earnings conference call. I am Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at QIAGEN. With me on the call are 
QIAGEN's CEO, Peer Schatz; and QIAGEN's CFO, Roland Sackers. 

We issued a press release last night announcing QIAGEN's financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2010 
ending December 31, 2010, describing the company's recent business highlights. A copy of this announcement as well 
as the presentation we will be using during this conference call can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section 
of our homepage at www.qiagen.com. This conference call will cover a 30-minute presentation followed by a Q&A 
session. The time of the conference call is set at one hour. We therefore would like to ask you to please limit yourself to 
only two questions during the Q&A session. The call will be archived on our website. 

Before I turn over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussion and the responses for your 
questions reflect management's view as of today, February 1, 2011. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have 
our press release and presentation in front of you, since our financial results and detailed commentaries are included 
and will correspond to the discussion that follows. 


As we share information today to help you better understand our business, it is important to keep in mind that we will 
make statements and provide responses in the course of this conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, 
expectations, or predictions of the future. These constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe 
Harbor provision. 

These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause QIAGEN's actual results to 
differ materially from those projected. QIAGEN disclaims any intention or obligation to revise any forward-looking 
statement. In addition, certain statements contained in these presentations are based on company assumptions 
including, but not limited to, revenue allocations based on business segment. 

For the description of such risks and uncertainties, please refer to the discussions and reports that QIAGEN has filed 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP 
measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in the press release on our website. 

With this, I would like to hand over to Peer Schatz. Thank you. Peer? 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Solveigh. Good morning, good afternoon and welcome all of you to our fourth quarter and full year 2010 
conference call. As you can see on Slide 4, for both the full year and the fourth quarter of 2010, we achieved the sales 
targets revised at the time of our Q3 call in November. We also achieved our original full year adjusted EPS target for 
2010 and exceeded the target set for the fourth quarter. 

We demonstrated that QIAGEN continues to expand in its core markets and deliver growth against the backdrop of a 
challenging year in 2009 comparables. I would like to point out a few of the numbers. The results, as you know, have a 
complex base effect for comparison due to the exceptional contributions in 2009 from swine flu-related products. Net 
sales for the full year amounted to $1.09 billion, organic growth which excludes acquisitions were 4% at constant 
exchange rates or CER. 

When you exclude the impact of swine flu-related products however, organic sales growth for the full-year was 8% 
CER. Adjusted EPS was $0.93 per share. As we discussed in November, we took a conservative view on sales for the 
fourth quarter. We reaffirmed our adjusted EPS targets while trimming sales targets. This decision was based on 
economic conditions in the United States and also the softness in doctor visits for preventive screening in the United 
States, which includes our HPV test for the risk of cervical cancer in women. 

These products contribute about 20% of our sales overall. Adjusted EPS for the fourth quarter was $0.26 per share 
exceeding the target. Net sales amounted to $286 million and they were in line with the guidance. Organic growth was 
4% when excluding the impact of swine flu-related products. And as mentioned, we believe that the fourth quarter held 
another challenging year-over-year comparison. The effects related to doctor visits and swine flu were most 
pronounced in the fourth quarter of 2009. 

The underlying momentum remains positive as we begin the New Year and build on the accomplishments of 2010. 
Here are just a few points. We strengthened our competitive position across our customer classes. A key milestone was 
the launch of QIAsymphony RGQ in late 2010 with a primary focus on Europe and the feedback has been very positive 
about the instrument's unprecedented capabilities. Since the launch of the first module QIAsymphony SP, we now have 
an installed base of more than 450 systems worldwide and planned significant increases in 2011, making 
QIAsymphony the most widely sold molecular sample and assay technology processing instrument. 

We see a very substantial opportunity with QIAsymphony and have a chance to drive the dissemination of molecular 
diagnostics. In fact, this could be similar to what we saw with immunoassays about 15 years ago and about 25 years 
ago with clinical chemistry, novel automation driving dissemination. 

In addition to a deep pipeline in infectious disease profiling assays, we have more than 15 projects underway with 
major pharmaceutical companies to develop companion diagnostics. The landmark U.S. submission of the KRAS 


biomarker which is being done in a modular form, which started in late 2010 and is set to be completed during the first 
half of 2011. 

We also made continued progress in converting the U.S. market for HPV testing despite the significant drop in patient 
visits and we expect to resume delivering sales growth in 2011. And in applied testing, pharma and academia, we 
launched many new assays and products to build on our strong product offering. 

In terms of innovation, we launched 86 new products in 2010. Our pipeline is very strong and provides a competitive 
difference. We are increasingly focusing on fewer albeit larger launches over the next few quarters. 

In our release issued last night, we provided you with our expectations for 2011. QIAGEN is focused on expanding our 
strategic position to drive innovation and growth. Adjusted earnings in 2011 are expected to improve at a faster pace 
than sales. A key focus in 2011 will be to further strengthen our leadership position in molecular diagnostics and in all 
of our customer classes. 

A number of important new product launches and regulatory submissions are planned, many of which will support the 
global adoption of QIAsymphony RGQ. These involve assays for infectious diseases and companion diagnostics as 
well as assays for use in applied testing, pharma and academia. 

Our QIAensemble program is progressing and we will soon provide an update. We are also expanding and 
strengthening our geographic presence with a focus on the fastest growing emerging markets, particularly China and 
India. Expansion in other high potential markets is being considered as part of the strategy. 

Achieving these objectives will position us to further accelerate growth in 2012. In summary, QIAGEN has the 
capabilities critical for sustaining success and to deliver a better performance in 2011. We are playing a pivotal role in 
the molecular biology revolution and are positioned for success in the coming years. Before we get into more depth on 
some of the highlights, I will handover to Roland for a discussion on the financials. Roland? 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Yes, thank you, Peer. And good afternoon everyone in Europe, and good morning to those joining from the U.S. 

QIAGEN's financial performance in 2010 was in line with guidance. Although growth rates were at lower levels than 
typical for QIAGEN, we continue to have a robust pipe – product portfolio pipeline that performed well in our core 
markets with the exception of pressure on our HPV products in the U.S. 

Recapping the key numbers. Based on January 31, 2010 foreign exchange rates, we had sales of US$1.09 billion, which 
were in line with our expectations. Adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year came in at $0.92 per share at 
guidance rate so it was in line with our expectation of $0.91 to $0.92. A contributing factor to higher net income is our 
commitment to balancing growth with prudent cost control. While we have continued to invest heavily in innovation 
which is critical to expanding our capabilities to enable future growth, we have also maintained a strong discipline to 
improve efficiencies. 

For the full-year, adjusted net income grew 12% to US$222.7 million from US$199.6 million in 2009. As we noted in 
the previous two quarters, we had a strong base effect for swine flu related testing. In order to more clearly demonstrate 
our overall growth, and the underlying pro organic growth between 2009 and 2010, we removed all sales from product 
lines that were involved in swine flu testing. 

With this adjustment, our organic growth was 8%. Significant drivers were higher volumes and revenues from new 
product launches during the past 12 months. Growth contributions from acquisitions added 12 percentage points, 
leading to overall 12% total growth at constant exchange rate. On a reported basis, these numbers correspond to the 
following growth figures, 12% organic and also 12% from acquisition, so overall 8% at constant exchange rates. 

Moving on to our sales distribution for the year. We continued to show solid growth across most of our product 
portfolios serving our four main customer classes. And looking at total sales at constant exchange rates, molecular 


diagnostics represented approximately half of our total sales and grew 8%. Pharma had 6% growth, academia showed 
7% and applied testing grew 15%. And looking at growth rate excluding swine flu related products, molecular 
diagnostics grew 14%, pharma was up 9%, academia advanced 10% and we achieved 22% improvement in applied 
testing. 

On a geographic basis, that 5% growth in the Americas even with the economic conditions and reduced doctor visits in 
the U.S. We grew steadily in Europe at 13%; Asia, although still a smaller contributor to our overall revenues had 12% 
growth. Again here, without swine flu-related revenues and at constant exchange rates growth was 8% in the Americas, 
20% in Europe and 22% in Asia. 

Moving on to slide 7, here I would like to review some of our operational initiatives. We reinvested savings from 
operational excellent initiatives in 2010 into the business. For example, we invested significantly in R&D to expand our 
global presence, in part to integrate and build on our important acquisitions such as DxS and SABiosciences. 

The initiatives in R&D are not always completely appreciated. We've added more than 150 scientists since end of 2008 
mainly in personalized healthcare. In our pharma companion diagnostics projects, much of the R&D investments in this 
area are covered by these agreements. So it is not visible in the income statement. We are investing heavily in our 
Center of Excellence for Companion Diagnostics in Manchester, England. And are co-developing products that could 
have annual sales potential in the hundreds of millions of dollars. 

Overall in 2010, we had an adjusted operating margin of 28% and 29% at constant exchange rates. So the decline from 
2009 was due to currencies. Our target is to reach 31% by the end of 2013. We believe we're well on track to achieve 
this target, since we have many initiatives underway. These include optimizing our global procurement across business 
function and globally aligning our purchasing processes. This is allowing us to realize economy of scales and to reduce 
transaction cost, effectively bundling our purchasing power. 

Also we are implementing centralized inventory management across all geographic regions. Centralizing, standardizing 
and automating routine processes not only contribute to profitability, but they also enable us to accelerate our plans to 
react quickly to opportunities. This becomes even more important as we expand in key emerging markets. For example, 
going down in India at the start 2011, took us less than five months after making the decision. 

With the right combination of people, process and technology, we've been able to enhance the productivity and value of 
our business operations while driving down the costs of routine operations to a desired level. 

Performance-oriented workforce management and the reallocation of resources to growth initiatives are anticipated to 
provide additional benefits to our adjusted operating income in 2011. 

Moving onto slide 8, I will spend a minute highlighting the progress we have made in improving cash flow. Our cash 
flow enabled us to pursue growth and make investments without relying on unstable credit markets and reducing our 
exposures to interest-rate development. Both operating cash flow and free cash flow have risen steadily since 2007. 

In 2010, our operating cash flow rose to approximately US$251 million, up from US$217 million in 2009. And for 
2010, we had free cash flow of US$171 million compared to about US$165 million in 2009. 

Capital expenditures over the past two years have been quite substantial with US$52 million in 2009 and US$80 
million in 2010. These included investment of approximately US$30 million in construction activities at our sites in 
Germany and Maryland to expand both R&D and production facilities. 

These investments obviously had an impact on our free cash flow. I want to note here that we're close to completing the 
expansion project in Germany, with $136 million of expenditures anticipated in 2011 to reach completion. 

At the end of 2010, we had US$934 million in cash and short-term investments. We had a healthy balance sheet with a 
positive net cash proposition to support our growth initiatives. We remain committed to using our resources 
appropriately in support of our strategic goals to drive innovation and growth. 


Before I hand back to Peer, on this slide, we review the performance for the fourth quarter. In terms of results against 
the guidance range, we had net sales of US$283 million, which were in line with our guidance range of US$275 million 
to US$290 million. 

Adjusted diluted EPS rose to $0.26 per share, which exceeded our guidance range of $0.24 to $0.25 per share. This was 
the quarter in which we faced challenging environment and we are measured against a particularly strong performance 
in the fourth quarter of 2009. 

I would now like to hand back to Peer for a strategy update. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yes. Thank you, Roland. And we are now on slide 11. I would like to first discuss our strategy and the growth potential 
in molecular technologies and then how we are implementing this through QIAGEN. 

Everything we do is based on a fundamental principle, enabling our customers to transform raw biological samples into 
digital information that makes valuable molecular content visible. Up to the year 2000, we were focusing on our 
leadership in platform technologies and during the next five years, until 2005, we integrated these platforms into 
complete workflows. And then from 2005 to 2010 we automated these workflows. Last year, we moved into a new 
strategic phase to expand our molecular content and this is now being put into workflows and on our automated 
instruments. 

Similar to our market strategy, until about 2005, we had been focusing on leadership in sample and assay technologies. 
Then we diversified into various customer segments and created sales channels focused on the high-growth areas, 
notably molecular diagnostics. And starting in late 2009, we segmented molecular diagnostics into four pillars: 
prevention, profiling, personalized healthcare and point of need devices. These are creating value for healthcare 
systems and represent about half of our sales. 

Moving to the next slide, slide 12, when looking at our current revenue drivers and their future growth potential, this 
chart underscores our strategic initiatives to expand in molecular diagnostics. At the same time, academia and pharma 
are core elements. They form a critical basis for new innovations and partnerships and scientific advances in these 
areas, particularly in academia, are the source for clinically relevant breakthroughs. And applied testing has dynamic 
potential given the broad range of commercial applications, particularly in forensics, veterinary medicine and food 
testing. 

Turning to the next slide, a key element of our growth strategies in profiling and personalized healthcare is our 
QIAsymphony, a highly flexible modular automated instrumentation platform. Importantly, QIAsymphony has an 
attractive growth potential across all four of our customer classes. QIAsymphony was launched in the first module a 
few years ago with a sample preparation system and then we added an assay set up module, and in late 2010, we 
launched QIAsymphony RGQ, which incorporated the Rotor-Gene Q real-time detection platform. 

Initial feedback is exceeding our expectations. Customers are recognizing how the system will enable them to adopt or 
greatly expand the use of molecular diagnostics. The system covers sample preparation to assay set up to detection, 
offering features that includes continuous loading, random access and open channels for user-developed assays. 

In addition, the system can process up to 300 assays from sample to result and per shift. We are developing new 
breakthroughs for QIAsymphony. QIAsymphony Plus will have a fully integrated RGQ device, actually two of them, 
while QIAsymphony Pyro will integrate Pyrosequencing analysis into workflows with validated protocols. I will come 
back to the topic of Pyrosequencing later in this presentation. 

Turning to the next slide, QIAsymphony has an important competitive advantage. Customers can run our broad 
commercial menu as well as their own laboratory developed tests. And these features address previously unmet 
customer demands. Critical to future growth will be the development of a very broad range of assays, both QIAGEN 
and user-developed. The user-developed assays would be developed using QIAGEN reagents. 


In some ways, think of this platform as an iPad with an ability to add as many apps as desired. In Europe, in late 2010, 
we launched QIAsymphony RGQ, the menu included all of our virology assays such as HIV, HCV and HBV as well as 
the transplantation and other advanced tests and more assays are planned to be launched in 2011. 

For the U.S., we are building an infectious disease assay menu similar to Europe. The first submissions are planned for 
2011 for the infectious diseases CMV, or cytomegalovirus, and EBV, or Epstein-Barr virus and influenza. Some of 
these could also be launched during the year – this year as well. 

Several assay development programs are set to begin and these include the infectious diseases, HIV-1, HBV and HCV. 
We gained access to HIV-1 and HCV through the agreement reached with Abbott in October 2010, many more tests 
and technological advances are in development for QIAsymphony RGQ. 

On the next slide, you see an overview of our four customer classes. We have differentiated and highly competitive 
product offerings in each class, as well as the key capabilities for success. I would like to now provide you with some 
insights into developments in 2010 and key initiatives for 2011. 

Turning to the next slide, we're making dynamic progress in personalized healthcare, where we're helping to match the 
right patients with the right drug by using companion diagnostics. Our sales here are approximately $50 million or 
about 5% of sales but growing very dramatically. We have built up by far the industry-leading position with a portfolio 
of assays that include KRAS, EGFR and others. We have a portfolio of more than 15 projects underway with major 
pharmaceutical companies and more in the pipeline. 

In 2010, we also completed the accelerated integration of DxS, an acquisition that has exceeded our expectations and 
positioned us for a much more success in this area. 

Our lead product is the TheraScreen KRAS assay, which determines the gene mutation status in patients with colorectal 
cancer. We are in the process of submitting KRAS to the FDA for pre-marketing regulatory approval or PMA. 

The first model was submitted in late 2010 and the submission is set to be completed during the first half of 2011. Also 
in 2011, we intend to expand our leading position in advanced broad partnered biomarker development pipeline, which 
includes assays such as EGFR and BRAF and many others. Another important biomarker is PI3K for which we 
acquired a global and co-exclusive license in 2009. We also have several other proprietary biomarkers in development 
as well. 

Turning to the next slide, I will only briefly touch on profiling, which accounts for about 20% of our total sales, since 
we've already discussed many of these points in relation to QIAsymphony RGQ. But I want to reaffirm how we are 
working to quickly expand our asset portfolio in all key regions, building on the current list of more than 120 assays 
that are now available. 

The benefits are significant. Molecular technologies offer extremely high sensitivity and specificity enabling even the 
smallest traces of virus, bacteria to be detected. So we have intensified our efforts to help in the diagnosis of diseases 
and driving the dissemination of these potentially life-saving procedures. 

Turning to the next slide, I'd like to provide some insights on HPV testing and prevention, which provides about 23% 
of our total sales. As you know, the number of patients visiting doctors in the United States for HPV test was down 
significantly in 2010. This adverse trend continued in the fourth quarter and this was the reason for our conservative 
view for that period that we gave in October 2010. This decline has been blamed on the uncertain U.S. economy, the 
rising unemployment rate and related reduction or loss of insurance benefits. 

Our market conversion initiatives continue to be successful, and we are converting the market at rates comparable to 
2009. We have doubled the conversion during the last few years to about 40%, and HPV testing is still a substantially 
untapped market. So conversion initiatives will remain a major focus also in 2011. 

The question then becomes, when will patients in the United States start returning to physicians for preventive testing 
or in other words when will they go back to the normal intervals between their doctor visits? There is a strong 
correlation between economic cycles and doctor visits for preventive care treatment. 


Even though the jobless rate remains steady at around 10%, some are pointing to recovery in these visit intervals. 
However while many analysts and industry participants are calling an improvement imminent or already here, we are 
not willing to say yet that we have reached the bottom of the cycle. We do however anticipate a moderation in 2011 
and the declining rate of doctor visits. That is the basis for our guidance. 

Our view also remains that based on the assumption of market conversion continuing at a good pace, the HPV franchise 
will, even under a very conservative assumption such as we just gave relating to doctor visits, achieve growth in 2011 
as all the fundamentals are very intact. We're often asked about our views on the entry of competition, will there be an 
impact, yes, but there would be an impact in any type of market situation and this is fully part of our plan. 

We often said that our forecast takes into account maintaining a significant majority of the U.S. market for HPV testing 
following the introduction of several competitors. 

There are some more factors to consider. Our view is that, none of the competitor assays are anywhere close to being as 
validated to the extent of our assay. So QIAGEN continues to prove it has a superior product offering. Our views also 
on that, based on the disclosed data, none of the competitor assays are anywhere close to being as clinically powerful as 
our assay. 

So QIAGEN continues to prove also in this dimension that it has a superior product offering. And we will capitalize on 
our leading positions in HPV testing both in the United States and in other markets. Negotiations continue and 
converting markets in Europe to HPV screening, and our commitment to helping in the fight against cervical cancer is 
demonstrated by our donations of tests as part of careHPV. 

Also in 2011, our teams are working on the QIAensemble, the next-generation prevention platform. And we will be 
providing you with an update on our plans at the latest at one of the industry meetings in early May, which include 
Eurogin and CBS. 

So in summary, we are focusing on what we can do for the HPV market, and that is to continue to drive conversion. 
This will position us to benefit from the eventual U.S. economic stabilization or even recovery, which will be a key 
factor for patient visits. 

Turning to the next slide, I would like to update you on progress in our three other customer classes. In applied testing, 
strong trends continued in 2010. Although this business is relatively small, we are rapidly building our assay offerings, 
and this will be a top priority in 2011 in human identification or forensics, food testing and veterinary testing. 

In pharma, we experienced solid growth, thanks to demand from the industry's development side. We've seen favorable 
customer reactions to new products particularly to the SABiosciences or content products that we introduced in 2010 
and migrated into our sales channels mid-2000 – mid of the year. 

The research side of the Pharma business remains challenging. As I mentioned earlier, Academia is our core business 
since commercial assays of the future are being developed in academic labs today. The launch of the SABiosciences' 
portfolio was also here, very important as well. In 2011, we will continue our focus on biomarkers and expanding the 
use of such on our instruments. 

Turning to the next slide, here is an overview of selective projects in our development pipeline. I've discussed a number 
of these projects, particularly those that we are planning to launch in 2011. The combined addressable markets for these 
assays amount to more than $1 billion of annual sales potential. And this is not a complete list, but simply a selection of 
several assays that we are moving forward currently. 

From another perspective, this chart underscores our innovation power and the benefits of our sustained double-digit 
R&D investments. We're expanding our product portfolio in key markets around the world, which is reflected here with 
the projects and development for China and Japan. And also many products for other key markets. 

Turning to the next slide, we noted in our release, that QIAGEN created a new organization in India at the start of the 
year, marking our direct entry into one of the largest and fastest growing emerging markets. India already has 


third-largest biotechnology market in the region behind Japan and China, and is expected to deliver a sustained 
double-digit growth performance in the coming years. 

Asia, and this includes, Japan, now contributes 12% of our global sales and this should continue to grow given the 
rapid adoption of molecular technologies. The top market is obviously China, which has grown exponentially to 
become the number three country for QIAGEN. We are making significant investments here to capture growth 
opportunities as the government investments improving healthcare. 

Turning to the next slide, and this is slide 22. I mentioned earlier, how we are focusing increasingly on molecular 
content and developing advanced tools to analyze vast amounts of data. As the cost for next-generation sequencing 
continues to drop at a dramatic pace, and far faster than many industry experts had ever expected, the challenge is 
really not the platform technologies or how to read DNA, it is finding ways to make sense of these broad and 
indiscriminate data sets. 

So, while we are actively reviewing offers to commercialize next-generation sequencing platforms into our clinical 
research and diagnostic channels, we are much more focused on our customers and have a more pronounced interest in 
providing clinical assay panels for clinically relevant assay subsets, which typically cover only a few genes. 

In other words, why read everything if the clinician is really only interested in one or two genes that are proven to have 
clinical relevance. One example, we are quite excited about was our announcement in early January. This was our 
strategic investment in Alacris, a company formed out of the Max Planck Institute and Harvard Medical School. 

The scientists and some of the co-founders were among the drivers of the early genome gold rush and have been 
focusing on identifying clinically relevant subsets of genetic markers over the past few years, which are critical for 
creating targeted diagnostic products. We have gained exclusive rights to biomarkers coming out of their work. 

We are building several of these partnerships, but this one is unique, and that it combines expensive clinical networks 
and access to samples from patients, which are then read on mass sequencing and system biology platforms. So not 
only sequencing genetic data, but also epigenetic, transcriptome, proteome, microRNA and metabolic data. And then 
layering that and using algorithms to select the clinically relevant subset, so they can be transferred into diagnostic 
products. 

This is the core of the next-generation of life sciences, not how to do things, but what to do with the data being 
generated, finding out exactly what subsets of this mass database can be used to take forward to find clinically relevant 
subsets. 

You can compare it to trying to understand the patients by looking at a library or understanding exactly what chapter to 
open to find the relevant information on a patient. This is the content engine that is fueling our next-generation of 
diagnostic tests. It is also superb tool to work together with our pharmaceutical partners and companion diagnostics. 

The contributions of Alacris then link into our real-time PCR and Pyrosequencing detection technologies. Here is 
where our 2008 acquisition of Pyrosequencing technologies will become even more important. This is also recognized 
by our customers, we have doubled sales in this area within the last two years. And we will continue investing in these 
technologies, and developing our portfolio of advanced tools to analyze the data in pursuit of breakthroughs in genetic 
information. 

Turning to the next slide, slide 23. As mentioned earlier, we have a very healthy financial position. And as we have 
done in the past, we are considering various acquisitions that would strengthen our competitive position, while creating 
shareholder value at the same time. We have a clear and consistent M&A strategy, and that is to consider targets that 
improve our product pipelines, provide access to new technology platforms and provide expansion opportunities into 
new geographic markets. 

A key element here will be acquisitions that improve our offering of products for molecular content. As I also 
mentioned earlier, DxS is just one example of a successful transaction and one that transformed our position in 
personalized healthcare in such a short – period of time. Another transformative transaction would be SABiosciences 
and how we gained access to a comprehensive portfolio of molecular content that can be used now in our platforms. 


In summary, I hope you can see that we're making good progress in our strategic initiatives. We are reacting quickly 
and flexibly to current market conditions or taking a longer-term perspective on growth opportunities and the use of 
molecular information. 

I would now like to hand over to Roland for a review of our expectations for 2011. Roland? 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Peer. Before I comment on the guidance, I would like to address two points. As you will have noticed, we 
have adjusted our methodology for providing guidance, moving away from giving specific quarterly and yearly 
guidance ranges in U.S. dollars for net sales and adjusted EPS at a fixed guidance rate for the year. 

We have made to switch to instead provide a yearly guidance in terms of percentage growth rate, ranges based on 
constant exchange rates. With sales now of more than US$1 billion, we believe this is more clear for the financial 
community and mirrors the approach used by many of our peer companies. 

Also you will notice that we have responded to investor request to move our Investor Day out of the earnings season 
and to a date later into the year. We are considering various events linked to corporate developments and key industry 
conferences such as ASCO in June and the Association of Molecular Pathology meeting in November. This would 
maximize the value of these days for our Analysts and Investors attending these events, as well as for us. 

As for our expectation in 2011, overall we anticipate adjusted earnings growing at a faster pace than sales. Although 
the global economic outlook is not overly clear for 2011, we see fairly stable economic conditions in our core markets 
and growth opportunities in untapped areas. We anticipate our net sales growing at about 5% to 7% in 2011. The total 
growth essentially reflecting organic growth, given that we did not have any significant acquisition in 2010 that will 
provide meaningful sales contributions in 2011. Our expectation is do not take into account any acquisitions that could 
be completed during the year. 

Adjusted EPS is expected to grow at a faster pace of 7% to 13%. One of the drivers behind that will be an improvement 
in our adjusted operating income margin by 50 to 100 basis points. They remain well-balanced in terms of the volatility 
in the key currencies due to our natural hedge. Also in terms of cash flow development, we will keep the pace of recent 
years, and will be able to convert our earnings into strong operating cash flow, allowing us to invest in growth. 

We anticipate a rate of about 25 to 50 basis points in terms of interest rates on our cash holding. But given that we have 
to pay interest on our debt, we anticipate a full year net interest expense of approximately US$20 million to US$25 
million. Please remember that our functional currency is the U.S. dollar, so our benchmark is the U.S. dollar interest 
rate. 

In terms of adjusted to operating income, we expect the following pre-tax factors. The equity-based compensation 
between US$18 million and US$19 million, amortization of acquired intellectual property of about US$94 million, 
business integration and acquisition-related charges of $6 million to $7 million, which mainly incorporate production 
transfer within our site expansion and executing further on operational efficiency initiatives. 

For 2011, we expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be between 23% and 26%. It could come out at the higher end 
of the tax range dependent on the level of U.S. HPV generated sales. 

In terms of results during the year, we expect stronger contributions in the second half and in the first half of 2011, and 
the smallest contribution in the third quarter. As we launch new products quarter-over-quarter, our growth rates will 
increase again, so that by 2012, be driving towards double-digit growth again. 

Among the reasons why we expect a stronger performance in the second half of the year are the momentum behind the 
rollout of QIAsymphony RGQ. The expansion of the assay menus in all of our customer classes, the attractive growth 
prospectives in key regions has the potential for improving economic conditions in the U.S. 


On the cost side, we are starting the year with more or less our Q4 2010 run rate in operation expenses, including 
relatively high R&D investments as a percentage of net sales. R&D investments are expected to remain relatively 
steady during the year in absolute dollar terms, but decline as a percentage of sales as the year progresses. 

You can get information on a few assumptions to frame for each quarter in the appendix of this presentation. 

With that, I would like to hand back to Peer. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yes. Thank you, Roland. I'm now on slide 26, to provide a quick summary before we move into Q&A. As mentioned, 
at the start, we made progress in 2010 and are moving into 2011 as a leader focused on innovation and growth. We are 
well-positioned to expand in 2011 and in position to further accelerate growth in 2012. With these among our top 
priorities, we will increase our technology and market leadership in molecular sample and assay technologies. We will 
drive the global rollout of QIAsymphony RGQ, an automated platform that has the potential to transform the adoption 
of molecular technologies. 

We will build assay menus in all customer classes, particularly profiling and companion diagnostics. We will expand 
our leadership position in companion diagnostics, completing the submission of KRAS and progressing on many other 
pharma projects. We will strengthen our focus on analyzing molecular content, capitalizing on our technologies such as 
Pyrosequencing, qPCR and collaboration such as Alacris. 

We will continue our HPV market conversion initiatives while preparing for competition in the United States and 
advancing our next-generation prevention or screening technologies. And we are considering targeted acquisitions in 
line with our strategy to create value for our shareholders while strengthening our competitive position. 

With that, I'd like to hand back to Solveigh to open up the Q&A session. Thank you. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 

Yes, thank you very much, Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. I would like to open the 
Q&A session by handing over to the operator. Lisa? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi, good morning, good afternoon. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Quintin. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: So with the guidance you gave for 2011, and the first quarter expected to continue the macro 
conditions that you see. That would seem to imply that you'll exit 2011 with maybe high single-digit plus type organic 
revenue growth. You talked about the rollout of the RGQ, what do you think, Peer, is going to be the menu that drives 
the uptake of RGQ? And then what are the drivers do you anticipate kind of – outside of the macro getting better to 
drive that second half growth? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Quintin. The QIAsymphony RGQ is pretty independent of 
macro conditions. When we look at macro conditions, they impact only about 18%, 19% of our sales, which are the 
United States preventive care products or HPV screening primarily. The QIAsymphony platform, which drives 
primarily the profiling and the personalized healthcare products are – that product is almost independent or not 


impacted by macroeconomic conditions. 

So the market is very strong, there if you compare it if somebody has a chemotherapy or transplantation, then testing is 
done automatically. And there is not an elective interval that the patient chooses; it is simply something of high urgency 
and importance. Therefore, the macroeconomic environment is very robust and strong in this area. And the assays are 
very – are all reimbursed at standard rates. And we can penetrate the market with these new platforms simply by 
disseminating. 

The key assays will be about 14 assays on the platform in Europe and in many countries of the world that include all 
major assays in molecular diagnostics, almost the complete universe of assays that are being sold today. As you know 
we have a broad menu of assays, over 120, and we put the most important ones onto the QIAsymphony in the first 
batch more will be coming out. And they include HIV, HCV, HPV, they include the transplantation viruses, such as 
cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr virus and BKV and a few others as well. And they also include the personalized 
healthcare assays; they also include respiratory assays remember which include primarily influenza. 

The assay panel in the United States is going to start out with open channel reagents, and also a number of ASRs that 
can be configured. And we will be submitting a number of assays that will include KRAS, influenza, CMV and EBV 
this year and have a broad pipeline behind that, that will be able to be ported onto these platforms. So I'd say for 
QIAsymphony RGQ we'll be building the market for submissions and approvals in the second half of the year in the 
United States, and we will be leveraging off a very broad approved portfolio of assays already starting, we already 
started in beginning of January. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: And then Peer, just quick then I'll drop, the expectations for flu for next season or the back half of 
2011? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, we will actually have two products for influenza testing in the 
second half of the year in the United States approved. Right now, we're not seeing a very strong flu season. As you 
know we're the primary supplier of a lot of Influenza assays in many countries for pandemic surveillance. The volumes 
are quite moderate. We've seen that there is a re-emergence of some very bad cases of H1N1, but the testing has not 
been very widespread. This could very well be, if we see a changing pathogen in 2012 that we again see a stronger flu 
season. And this fits very nicely, because at that point in time, we will also expect to have the U.S. approvals. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thanks. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Quintin. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Marshall Urist with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Hey, guys. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Marshall. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Good morning and good afternoon to everyone. So first question, just on HPV and I know you 
commented on expecting to see growth for the year. But maybe if you could talk a little bit more about what we should 
be thinking or what's in guidance for the U.S. versus Europe for next year in terms of what you're seeing in the two 
different geographies? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, Marshall. The uptake in Europe for 2011 is driven primarily by 
increased pilot studies. There are dozens of pilot studies ongoing. I think we've won almost every one of them over the 
last 12 months, and we see more coming forward. We expect national screening programs to be implemented. There 
are several in the pipeline for 2011 decisions which will be announcement opportunities. And we're seeing 
reimbursement decisions, important ones coming up in 2012. So we are moving very actively on establishing a 
reimbursable environment for co-screening in Europe and several countries. Right now reimbursement is only given for 


select private insurers and also very select – and then obviously ASCUS screening or reflex testing. So as we expand 
the market using our advocacy and reimbursement activities, we expect to see more digital stepwise growth in Europe. 

We see very strong growth in Asia. Asia is actually our second largest region now in this area and we are growing quite 
rapidly. And in the United States, we've continued to see very good conversion with our clinical sales force. We are 
exceeding probably around 40% and moving at very reliable double-digit conversion rates up into the market. So if we 
see a stabilization of the doctor visit numbers, there is a very good upside. Our current estimate assumes a continued 
decline, but a little bit softer than the double-digit decline that we saw in 2010. 

So our current forecast include a continued deterioration or increase of the intervals deterioration of the doctor visits 
numbers in 2011 and, but at a lower number, so at a single-digit, low to mid-single digit number. So this is much more 
conservative than a lot of the industry experts see right now, payers and certain laboratories are starting to see 
improvements. But if you can't time an improvement, I'd rather be on the conservative side, and this is what went into 
our guidance. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then on the symphony launch, it'd be helpful if you could talk about 
maybe not specific units, but ballpark in terms of how the kind of sales funnel looks there and how many units you 
think you guys will be able to have in place by the end of the year? And should we be thinking that you're going to start 
to see tests pull through by the second half of the year on the sort of first half placements? And is that the big driver of 
organic growth acceleration over the year? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we're actually surprised, very positively surprised to see the speed 
of the uptake of this system. We thought it would take a little bit more time as it is certainly in many ways a novel 
system that we have to basically show to people. It seems to have gone viral a little bit. We have seen a very strong 
pipeline in this area. As we said, we had 450 systems out there as of the end of December. So you already see a good 
uptake of the systems in advance now with the RGQ solution. The QIAsymphony SP was very often purchased in 
anticipation of now the RGQ coming out. So they simply add on the last module. That's the beauty of the system, it's a 
modular system, you can just plug and play basically and expand it into an integrated workflow. 

And this number of 450, doubling might be a little bit steep, but we shouldn't be far of that in 2011. So there is actually 
a very deep pipeline. Our sales force is excited about this product. Customers have already started actively publishing 
on it. And I expect the Reagent pull through in Europe to start in the second half of the year and in the United States 
may be late in 2011. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Great, thanks. And then just one more, any update on the NextGen HPV trial and Ensemble 
timelines that you give us would be helpful as well. Thanks. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. The high-throughput screening platforms are a core element of our 
molecular diagnostic strategy. The prevention pillar is going to benefit from new high-throughput screening platforms 
which we're advancing. We have a lot of resources on this and we believe we have a lot of news on it. There are also 
some very interesting additions that we hope we can talk about in about a couple of months. Again, we want to have 
everything out there on the table so we can inform customers about it very quickly. The availability of these platforms 
remain, as we said six months ago, in the about two years from now timeframe. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Okay. And has the trial started again for the NextGen HPV yet? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: We expect to reinitiate that this summer. 

<Q - Marshall Urist>: Okay. Great. Thanks for the questions. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Lawson with Mizuho Securities. 


<Q - Peter Lawson>: Roland, just think about cash on the balance sheet, we saw some commentary about a dividend 
payment this morning across the wire? Could you elaborate on that dividend payment comment, please? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I think the answer this morning on the press conference was 
actually quite clear. I thought that right now we actually do believe that we are able to do accretive M&A transactions. 
And so that's clear, the primary focus of us investing into QIAGEN's growth. In terms of dividend payments, that was 
more like a long-term view because we do believe, of course, that we can enhance our cash flow going forward, even 
stronger. And then at a certain point of time, there might be additional components, either share buyback or dividend 
payment. But again, a primary focus for us right now is clearly on M&A, only if there is either an attractive market 
environment or any other opportunities, we might enhance it with the tools I said before. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: So, Peter obviously, with $5 cash per share compared to the average 
leverage ratio, this is a question that you get from time-to-time. But we're very focused on using our surplus cash 
position on not only getting accretion from the balance sheet measures, but getting accretions also from strategic and 
income contributing acquisitions. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Thank you for clarifying. And then just on real-time PCR patents that are rolling off, have you 
started seeing a benefit and how long will they last for and what's the scale that you're expecting? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well this is an important feature and we've received a couple of 
questions on this topic, and thank you for raising this. The, we're – I believe we're one of the largest companies, 
probably second largest in diagnostics, and one of the largest also in the non-diagnostics world in terms of PCR 
products. And there is definitely a benefit. There are several products that are coming out of IP this year, and there are 
benefits that we will receive from that. 

However, a lot of the products have overlaying IP that continues further, the probe technologies or the design of the 
instruments, and so that will have a certain extension to it. So, there will be a gradual reduction of the royalty burden, 
which is a double-digit million, dozens of millions of dollars actually, to see that start sliding over the next few years 
towards 2016 that will start flowing into the balance sheet. But, what – into the P&L, what I would suggest is that, we 
maybe keep that information for the upcoming conference call and thank you for raising it. We'll try to give more 
clarity on it in the next call. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Thank you so much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Holger Blum with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Hi, Holger Blum here from Deutsche Bank. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Holger. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: First question on personalized healthcare. In previous press releases, you mentioned 
approximately 20 projects in companion diagnostics, and now you're saying more than 15, what kind of change has 
happened there? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: This will be 15 Pharma companies but in part several programs, so... 

<Q - Holger Blum>: The total number of programs is still around 20 with 50 different... 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Yes, we saw an increasing number, and we actually expect quite a 
few more to come in, even in this quarter. So, this also as we saw in the fourth quarter, we signed a couple that we just 
named as projects, but we are attracting a lot of interest in this area for co-development. 


<Q - Holger Blum>: Okay. Next question is on applied testing. You had 30% growth at constant exchange rate after 
the nine months, and just 5% in Q4, despite the 80 new tests that came on top. What has happened there in the fourth 
quarter? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: The fourth quarter actually had a big year-over-year effect in there; we 
had a very large forensic order in the fourth quarter of 2009. So this is only 7% of sales. So such large million dollar 
plus orders, they can skew the growth rate a little bit. So I would – on such a business I would look more at the 
annualized figure or at least the trailing 12-month numbers or six months numbers, whatever you want to look at. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Okay. Final question on your pipeline chart on page 20, where you have shown your assay 
development portfolio like CMV, EBV and so on, could you give us a rough guidance about the current market size of 
fees or maybe give kind of indication about the cumulated number that you enter as a business opportunity in '11 and 
'12 based on that pipeline chart roughly in terms of market size, not the revenue projection from your end? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, it's a little bit tough to do because some of these products are kind 
of new to the world. So if you, for instance, take the artus panel starting with HIV through JCV, that market size, I 
would say somewhere in the range of 500 million to 600 million. Now these are estimates, we have to look at this in 
more detail, but just to kind of like scope that 500 million, 600 million. But they are absolutely key for dissemination. 
And this is why we have those. So once you have this portfolio, especially the first three, you have a very good reason 
for dissemination, for a hospital to buy your platform. 

CT/NG and HPV are probably combined almost 2 billion, between $1.5 billion and $2 billion market opportunity. And 
the TheraScreen assays that you see here are probably in some – just these that we see here – are somewhere in the 
range of I'd say 350 million, and here we have very unique positions, and that with in terms of validation and also 
co-approvals as far ahead of anybody else. And the PI3K marker actually could be bigger than any one of these assays, 
but that one I put in zero at this stage because we're still in development with a number of partners around drugs. 

I'd like to highlight the more than other undisclosed – 10 other undisclosed biomarkers. So, we are working on 
profiling, prevention, and personalized healthcare markers far in excess of what we have upfront here. And the 
potential of those is probably comparable to what we just discussed here. So there's a very deep pipeline of assays. The 
huge effort that we have to create these platforms and to complete them is now there, and we can start scaling. And this 
is the moment we've all been waiting about. That's why the time of content has now come. And this is something that 
we are pushing very aggressively. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Okay, great. Thanks. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. This was rough by the way, just difficult to quantify. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Yes. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from William Quirk with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Good afternoon, everybody. First question, just thinking Peer, about beyond the initial menu 
that you've talked about in terms of QIAsymphony, can you give us an update, specifically, around 
chlamydia/gonorrhea? When can we expect to see that in the U.S. as well as in Europe? You've had some, candidly, 
very strong data associated with that? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. We actually expect – we actually have more than two chlamydia 
programs ongoing, one for screening and one for the medium-throughput areas because chlamydia is very often also 
symptomatic test. So it is not only preventive, but symptomatic testing and so it could fall into the profiling area, and 
therefore also on QIAsymphony. 


So we actually have a real-time PCR chlamydia program ongoing as well. That is something that we just also put into 
this group here, so you see a date behind that. Actually there is no date. But this is something that we would be 
targeting for 2011. And it's a very short process in the United States for that assay compared to a PMA. 

Few people know but we have a very strong position actually in chlamydia testing in Europe and with an assay that is 
considered one of the most sensitive in this space. And following the changes in the mutations a few years ago, we 
actually were able to capture a significant market share. Now with the advent of the right platforms behind it, we have 
the complete workflow. We think we can actually expand that position. 

The high-throughput screening assay is one that we are integrating into the Plus system, high-throughput screening 
systems, and that's something that we can give you timelines on then when we discussed the QIAensemble further 
details on the specs. We have provided a number of you, first specs on the platform, and we'll go much deeper in a 
couple of months. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Understood. And then, as a follow-up question, Peer, you obviously you talked about trends in 
the physician office space and your outlook there. Does it relate specifically to the fourth quarter? Can you just tell us 
HPV volume or HPV revenue rather in the quarter? Was that up sequentially? If so, I assume just a little bit, but if you 
can give us touch of color there, that would be great. Thanks. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure, the fourth quarter as we saw in 2010 was very soft in terms of 
HPV. And we had a sequential decline compared to the third quarter. So there was a very poor performance in HPV 
testing, which also has a little bit to do with a very strong performance in 2009 as a lot of people still had deductibles 
that could be utilized in the fourth quarter 2009. And that was not as pronounced in the fourth quarter 2010 due to some 
of the economic impact. Small changes in this group can have big swings for us. 

So as we see now that the market is starting to show first signs of recovery, we expect this to start stabilizing now at 
which time we can get the conversion shine through, and again just to emphasize on the 18% of our sales, going from 
20% growth to a low growth rate, that's almost the whole difference between our organic growth we had in 2010 
compared to 2009. But it clearly shows that we are actually doing quite well in almost all of our cylinders, but in that 
area we are seeing issues. 

At the same time, in those American based HPV sales, 18% of our sales or so, we are seeing a very steady conversion 
rate of the market. So any stabilization which we don't want to time at this point, so we're still assuming continued very 
poor market conditions for now. Any stabilization of that should allow us to go into growth. And we expect for the full 
year 2011, even in poor market conditions, an overall growth of this product area. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Understood. Thanks for the color, Peer. And then, I'm sorry, just not to belabor it, but you did 
mention that it was down sequentially in the fourth quarter, but then you intoned here that we've seen a bit of a 
stabilization. Is that a reference to January? Is that the way to think about that? Thanks. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: The stabilization, I would say, is more now front running indicators. So 
IMS data is positive. First payers are starting to see positive indications for this year. And so we are getting some good 
vibes, but there is nothing that I would bet the house on. And that's why we are staying very conservative in our 
guidance. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Very good. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Hey, thanks for taking the question. 


<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Tycho. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: A follow-up on QIAsymphony, as we think about Europe, ultimately entering the U.S. market, 
can you just talk a little bit about kind of your go-to-market strategy when you do come to the U.S.? And as a follow-up 
to that, we saw one of your competitors delay their fully automated system last night due to some FDA scrutiny. So can 
you just talk about your relationship with FDA as we think about bringing some of those assays on to the U.S. market? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. I think the – well, the system has already been introduced in the 
United States. We have a three-digit number of it already placed in the United States with very good uptake and almost 
every major lab has a system already under valuation or actually running. The go-to-market is one of ultimate 
flexibility and expandability. So random access, continuous load features, a huge bandwidth in terms of being able to 
do everything from LDTs to commercial assays and everything in the most modern type of instrumentation technology 
embedded into a software that is integratable and very flexible. 

These features are exactly the features that regional and even smaller hospitals are looking at. 90% of the hospitals are 
not doing molecular testing today and they are primary targets and they don't want to buy a very expensive solution that 
might be available today for this type of use but are just so much more expensive than sending out the samples to the 
central lab. 

We're seeing a lot of central labs looking at decentralization strategies by centralizing on our core technology and then 
decentralizing these platforms, because while the platforms with multiple cycle placements can be actually almost as 
fast as some of the highest throughput systems today used in screening. It can, at the same time, run random access and 
low volume. So, four CMVs and two EBVs, and for chlamydia, for instance, so in small batches which is important for 
smaller hospitals. 

So, we designed the system as an IVD system from the start. It has been built with all features and documentations and 
everything associated with an IVD platform. And this is something that we expect to be different to other approaches 
where you have an existing assay and are simply shopping around for a right instrumentation platform. So, it was built 
from the start as an integrated system already designed for IVD-PCR assays. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. And then your level of dialog with FDA around new assays, just trying to get 
comfortable with the fact that we're not in an environment where you may have further delays given what we've seen 
from others? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, okay. Well, we are in intense discussions right now with FDA on a 
number of programs. As you see, we have quite a deep pipeline currently underway. The one area that is a very 
complex trial is CMV and EBV due to the scarcity of the samples. It's very difficult to find enough samples in this area 
and we have received a lot of cooperation in this area and can only say the best about our cooperation currently with 
and our dialog with the FDA on this. So we are discussing everything we have to discuss and see as beneficial to 
discuss and that dialog has been very positive, I think, for both parties. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. To your comments a few minutes ago on HPV, can you just comment on pricing and is 
it your view that you are able to maintain pricing going forward on HPV, obviously with new competitors entering the 
market? How are you looking at that? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I think pricing will be less of a button that will be pushed in this 
area because pricing is remains an area that is where we simply have a competitive advantage. We are by far the most 
cost-effective and the slickest workflow in terms of reagents required and also automation. So that said, we've seen that 
most of the competitors active in Europe are actually pricing significantly above what we're pricing with one exception. 

And it's always somehow a factor of quality, so if the assay is poor, the workflow is poor, then there is a pricing 
discussion that a competitor has to take. But we have not seen any of the emerging competitors here despite what we 
see as some of the weaknesses that they have in workflow or product that they have used pricing in a very active way, 
and also not gained a lot of market share. Also in the United States, we continue to have very strong market share gains 
and in – on the overall market, we're winning more of the overall market in terms of conversion than we are losing in 


competitive share losses and that I don't think will change over the next 12 months. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. And then just one last one, I may have missed it, but do you break out the prevention 
profiling personalized medicine organic growth rates, and if not, would you mind doing that? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: We do it for overall molecular diagnostics. We'll take that thought back 
and think about providing further clarity on it. And we always said, we're big friends of clarity, we'd love to do that, but 
we want to have a precise differentiation between the various pillars. So we'll take that thought and have a discussion 
around that and maybe come back with a solution. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the conference back over Dr. Mähler. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 

Yes. Thank you very much, Lisa. With this, I would like to close this conference call by thanking you all for 
participating. We hope to welcome you again to our first quarter 2011 earnings conference call on Thursday, April 28, 
2011. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Again, thank you very much and have a 
nice day. Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2011, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


