Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 
• Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 
• Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Quintin Lai 
• Davis Bu 
• Dan Leonard 
• Cornelia Thomas 
• Peter Lawson 
• William Quirk 
• Daniel Wendorff 
• Doug Schenkel 
• Isaac Ro 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Carrie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the QIAGEN Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been 
placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer 
session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Dr. Solveigh Mähler. Thank you, Dr. 
Mähler. You may begin your conference. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Thank you very much, Carrie, and hello everybody. Welcome to QIAGEN's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2009 
Earnings Conference Call. I'm Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at QIAGEN. With me on the call are 
QIAGEN's CEO, Peer Schatz and QIAGEN's CFO Roland Sackers. 

We issued a press release last night announcing QIAGEN's financial results for the fourth quarter ending December 31, 
2009 describing the company's recent business highlights and you will find a copy of this announcement as well as the 
presentation we will be using during this conference call for download on our Investor Relations section of our 
homepage at www.qiagen.com. This conference call will cover a 30-minute presentation followed by a Q&A session. 
The time of the conference call is set at one hour. We, therefore, would like to ask you to please limit yourself to only 
two questions during the Q&A session. The call will be archived on our website. 

Before I turn over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussion and the responses to your questions 
reflect management's view as of today, February 9, 2010. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have our press 
release and presentation in front of you since our financial results and detailed commentaries are included and will 
correspond to the discussions that follow. 


As we share information today to help you better understand our business, it is important to keep in mind that we will 
make statements and provide responses in the course of this conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, 
expectations or predictions of the future. These constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe 
Harbor provision. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause QIAGEN's 
actual results to differ materially from those projected. QIAGEN disclaims any intention or obligation to revise any 
forward-looking statements. In addition, certain statements contained in this presentation are based on the company's 
assumptions including but not limited to revenue allocations based on business segments. 

For the description of such risks and uncertainties, please refer to the discussions and reports that QIAGEN has filed 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP 
measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in the press release or on our 
website. 

With this, I would like to hand over to Peer Schatz. Thank you. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you, Solveigh. Good afternoon, everyone, in Europe and good morning to those joining from the U.S. and 
welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 conference call. We are very pleased with the progress we made in 
2009. This was clearly one of the most successful years in the company's history. QIAGEN is on a strong growth 
trajectory going into 2010 fueled by very strong core innovation engine and an excellent strategic position. 

In 2009, we achieved many exciting milestones. As part of a decade in which we grew our revenues seven-fold and our 
earnings 16-fold, we broke through the $1 billion sales mark in 2009 and are well positioned as a recognized leader 
targeting strong growth for the periods to come. 

Over the next two years, we expect an extraordinary rollout of new platforms and new assays, an innovation initiative 
that will provide significant contributions to the molecular diagnostics industry. Our innovations are also facilitating 
breakthroughs in life sciences, pharmaceutical research and applied markets. We're shaping the industry in many areas, 
including key areas such as personalized healthcare. 

In terms of financials, QIAGEN continued to perform successfully, finishing the fiscal year with an excellent 
performance with a fourth quarter, where we exceeded revenue guidance once again in 2009, and came in at the top end 
of our earnings per share guidance. The company recorded a high organic growth rate, which positions the company 
very well for future growth. Equally, our outlook is positive, as Roland will highlight in our guidance section. 

Net sales for the full year came in strong, reported at $1.01 billion, thereby breaking through the US$1 billion sales 
mark for the first time in the company's history. Organic growth was once again very strong at 13%. Of note, Molecular 
diagnostics grew organically at 19%, and organic growth was fueled by products that we launched in the trailing 
12-months, thereby providing a testament to our strong underlying innovation engine. 

All of our markets are showing good growth, and as I mentioned, in particular, our sales to customers in Molecular 
Diagnostics. Growth in sales of our personalized healthcare products, including assays such as KRAS and those in 
profiling, which include influenza screening proved to be strong contributors. The organic growth rate does not yet 
include the TheraScreen personalized healthcare product added to the September 2009 acquisition of DxS. Products in 
our Prevention portfolio, which include HPV screening also contributed strongly towards the impressive overall growth 
of our molecular diagnostics products. 

Adjusted net income in Q4 increased 32% and propelled us to record $0.93 a share in adjusted EPS for the full year. In 
general, our markets continue to show robust demand for our products and we expect strong trends into 2010. The 
period since our last quarterly conference call was a very exciting one for QIAGEN, particularly in terms of our 
strategic developments. We benefited from significant momentum and achieved some key milestones in our customer 
segments. They include the DxS acquisition, which has created leadership and companion diagnostics for personalized 
healthcare. 


In addition the acquisition of SABiosciences, which we expect will be very synergistic for us and allows us to expand 
our offering of products that bridge pharma and diagnostics and most recently the acquisition of ESE, which adds key 
optical detection technology so advanced that it can also be applied to battery powered portable devices. But most 
importantly, we are driving our leading organic revenue growth by what is core to QIAGEN, innovation. This is 
demonstrated by our track record with 79 new products launched in 2009 and with 5% of our sales coming from 
products launched in this period. 

Before we go into more depth on some of the highlights, I will hand over to Roland for a discussion on the financials. 
Roland. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Peer, and good afternoon everyone in Europe and good morning to those joining from the U.S. As Peer 
mentioned, QIAGEN reported another year of strong results. It positions the company for continued success by 
executing on our major priorities, including driving organic growth, strategic acquisitions and key goals for the year. 
2009 was also a year where we built on our leadership position in sample and assay technologies, they expanded our 
market presence in key geographic areas. Overall, we relied on a combination of internal and external initiatives that 
leveraged our existing skills adding key technologies and driving our innovation engine. These initiatives yielded 
results and are positioning the company well for growth in the years to come. 

Let me focus first on our financial performance for 2009, afterwards I will briefly address the fourth quarter and then at 
the end of the presentation I will provide you with our financial guidance for 2010. 

We are very pleased with the outcomes in 2009. Reported sales for the fiscal year 2009 were 1.010 billion. Adjusted 
earnings per share were $0.93 per share. Based on January 31, 2009 foreign currency exchange rates, sales amounted to 
US$968 million, coming in at the high end of our guidance range. Adjusted diluted earnings per share based on January 
31, 2009 foreign currency exchange rates increased to $0.90 per share, these being at the high end of our guidance 
range which we increased in November. The financial results for 2009 reflect the solid growth we achieved in both 
consumables and in instruments. Furthermore, volume and new product introduction remain key themes throughout the 
year. For further information on the adjusted figures, please refer to the reconciliation tables in QIAGEN's Q4 and 
fiscal year 2009 earnings release. 

Overall, we recorded impressive top line growth for the year. Adjusting for currency impact under constant exchange 
rates, net sales for 2009 would be approximately 1.039 billion, reflecting a significant 60% growth over 2008. 
Including the currency impact, we posted strong growth and reported revenues of 13%. Our adjusted operating income 
of US$296 million showed 17% growth in comparison to 2008, and our adjusted operating margin reflected a solid 
increase to 29% for 2009. This increase was largely due to the realization of efficiencies we have in our operating 
expenses, specifically in the G&A and sales and marketing areas. 

Our adjusted net income showed strong growth of 22% in comparison to 2008 from approximately US$163 million to 
US$200 million for 2009. A contributing factor to the level of our net income is our commitment to balancing growth 
with cost alignment. While we have continued to invest heavily in innovation, we also maintained a strong discipline to 
improve our efficiencies while extending capabilities to enable further growth. 

In respect to adjusted diluted earnings per share, we recorded an increase to $0.93 per share, up from $0.80 per share in 
2008, representing a 16% year-over-year increase. For comparability, if we did an equity capital increase in 2009, it 
would be a 22% increase based on the same number of shares outstanding. Additionally, the adjusted EPS excluded 
$0.08 profit related to the transfer of the Olerup SSP product line and the sale of our investment in HandiLab and other 
acquisition-related income. 

Moving on to our net sales distribution for 2009. We continue to show strong growth across our product portfolios. The 
revenues from consumables in sample and assay technologies grew under constant exchange rates at 13% over the prior 
year, particularly HPV screening assays, genomic DNA sample technologies and R2's PCR IBDs were contributors to 


our growth in the consumable group. Overall, consumables accounted for approximately 86% of total revenues. 

QIAGEN's instrumentation products recorded a growth rate of 42% under constant exchange rates. These products 
such as QIAsymphony, QIAxtractor, QIAgility, AutoGenQ, and PyroMark providing significant contribution to this 
group overall revenue. Typically, the first quarter is a strong quarter for instruments. In addition, we had many key 
launches in instrumentation in 2009 such as the Rotor-Gene Q and the QIAgility. 

Turning to the geographic breakdown on slide six, net sales in the Americas represented 49% of our overall business 
and recorded a growth rate of 12% under constant exchange rates. While European sales, which represents 36% of our 
total revenues, showed a growth rate of 19% at constant currencies. 

Sales in Asia remained strong with a growth rate of 36% at constant currencies and now represent 12% of total 
revenues. The growth in Asia is a testament to the work we achieved during 2009 focused on expanding our market 
presence in key geographies to sustain further growth. Greater China, in particular, showed year-on-year growth of 
94%. 

Throughout the quarter, we saw strong demand in all markets and all geographic regions. Peer will delve more into the 
outlook on our markets later on the call. 

The next slide shows the development of our organic growth rate in 2009. We had compelling 13% organic growth. 
Our organic growth rate remains to be at the top end of the industry. Growth in new products coupled with very good 
growth in terms of volume led to sales from molecular diagnostics growing organically by approximately 19% in 2009. 
The impressive molecular diagnostics growth was largely driven by performance in prevention, profiling, and personal 
healthcare applications, with flu testing coming in strong in the second half of the year, as well as KRAS and HPV 
testing going well. 

Going forward, excluding our seasonal effects, such as maybe the case with flu testing this year, we expect to show 
steady organic growth driven primarily by volume increases in our core product as well as new product introduction. 

Moving on, I will spend a minute highlighting the key figures and metrics from our cash flow and balance sheet now. 
In 2009, our operating cash flow increased to US$217 million from US$173 million in 2008. This strong operating cash 
flow result mainly from increased income and working capital management expressed by a decrease in inventory days 
from 155 to 145 days and DSOs from 59 to 58 days. 

For the year, we had free cash flow of nearly 165 million compared to 134 million in 2008. In regards to the 
depreciation and amortization, the figure includes acquisition particularly that of Digene, which we closed in 2010. 
Initiatives that contributed to our CapEx of 52 million in 2009 include investment of approximately 12 million in 
building activities both in R&D and production for facilities here in Germany and in Germantown, Maryland. At 
December 31, 2009, we had cash on hand of approximately US$826 million, which is notable as we expended 
approximately US$234 million for acquisitions in 2009. 

On the other hand, we raised US$623 million with the offering in September. Ultimately, this put us in a very strong 
cash position, almost net debt free, providing us with a strong balance sheet to supplement our strong cash flow, which 
together can drive continuous growth. With an impressive CAGR of more than 30% since 2007, we see our operating 
cash flow improvements continuing also into the future. 

I would also like to address a few metrics relating to our liquidity and capital structure. Highlighting our strong 
liquidity position is our equity ratio of 60% and to net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.4. 

Switching now to the fourth quarter of 2009, just a few numbers that I want to draw your attention to. In terms of how 
we performed compared to guidance; based on January 31, 2009 foreign currency exchange rates, sales amounted to 
US$268 million for the fourth quarter, exceeding our guidance range of 250 to US$260 million. 

Adjusted diluted earnings per share at guidance range, increased to $0.22 per share hitting the high end of our guidance 
range of 0.21 to $0.22. Reported net sales of US$289 million reflected an increase of 22%, and under constant 
currencies, a 15% growth over the fourth quarter of 2008. 


Adjusted operating income grew by 25%, while adjusted net income rose by 32%. Notable is that we were able to 
increase our operating margin from 28 to 29%, even though the gross profit margin was lower on an adjusted basis for 
the quarter. This decline in gross margin was mainly driven by a product mix shift towards instrumentation. 

We had charges, as indicated in our Q3 call, of US$6.3 million related to intellectual property litigation associated with 
all Digene litigation cases reported in administration expenses but offset through other income of US$10.5 million from 
the sale of our HandiLab investment. Both effects were adjusted in the quarter. 

With that, I hand back to Peer. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Roland. And as always, starting with slide 11, some highlights in more detail. 

I will start with molecular diagnostics, which – representing about 47% of our sales, and where the momentum is 
particularly high. Our organic growth rate here was 19% and 15% overall. This is significantly ahead of the industry 
average. And considering that we are moving to over $500 million in sales in this area, it is quite considerable. At this 
growth rate, we are incrementally adding sales every year, which are higher than the total sales of most other players in 
this industry. 

Over the coming periods, we are expecting an unprecedented roll-out of platforms and assays, including our 
QIAensemble platform for prevention assays, which include HPV, CT/GC, and several others, which is due to launch 
in 2010 in Europe and in 2012 in the United States. In addition, our QIAsymphony platform, covering sample to result 
processing and random access continuous load formats, will be launching in the QIAsymphony RG Q format with an 
exceptional breadth of assays, including HIV, HPV, HCVC, MBV, VZ, EVP, influenza and several others in Europe in 
2010 and in 2011 in the United States. 

The fully integrated version of this QIAsymphony will be available with upgrade packages for the existing modular 
users. And the QIAsymphony RG Q platform will also run our groundbreaking companion diagnostic products, of 
which several will go to the FDA for submission in the second half of 2010. So overall, we expect strong continued 
growth and a lot of news flow in this area. 

Turning to Page 12, in personalized healthcare, we are extremely active. The portfolio of partnerships around our 
existing and future PCR, real time PCR and Pyrosequencing assays is growing rapidly, and we expect many key 
milestones in 2010. We are very pleased to have recently announced a further significant partnership to develop a 
companion diagnostic with a major pharmaceutical company. 

In our new partnership with Pfizer, we will develop a companion diagnostic for use on the QIAsymphony platform to 
guide the use of a novel immunotherapy vaccine against glioblastoma multiforme. The drug is very innovative and 
stems from a partnership between Pfizer and Celldex. It has a target, which is exposed to mutations which occur in 25 
to 40% of cases. We have developed a very interesting RNA-based assay to detect such mutations and are looking 
forward to working with Pfizer to bring this personalized healthcare solution to fruition. 

In addition, we yesterday announced an exclusive license to create certain assays targeting the PI3K gene, which is 
seen as a very important companion diagnostic candidate and associated with a number of cancers. We already have a 
RUO assay and have received significant interest to partner to provide assays targeting this gene. As such, we expect to 
be taking this assay forward to PMA and CE stages as well. 

Now turning to Slide 13. We recently announced our intent to take assays that we developed for other platforms, such 
as for our prevention platform, QIAensemble and import them to a point-of-need platform. The key requirement in 
point-of-need are fast turnaround times. While the standard in turnaround time for point-of-need testing is still two 
hours or less, we believe that novel technologies such as those we have announced in the last few weeks allow 
detections in under 15 minutes. Using the same assay technologies we apply on other platforms, we have created an 
interesting package that we intend to rollout starting this year. 


The target markets are molecular diagnostics and applied markets. We do not intend to have a broad offering in the 
United States, as the United States has a very efficient laboratory infrastructure. Therefore, the many offering in the 

U.S. is intended to be limited to acute care in HAI. In Europe and Asia, we'll be broader and we also see great 
opportunities in developing countries. 
Turning to slide 14, what is helping us power this capability in point-of-need is on the one side ultrafast assay 
technologies that we develop for our prevention screening systems and on the other side, unique detection modules. 
Some of these applications that we're using imply novel very advanced detection technology that can be miniaturized, 
reducing cost and consuming very little power, basically in the form of battery power. These features allow a 
price-per-instrument also of under $2,000. 

The current system has wireless and networking communications and multiple modular upgrades to expand processing 
options. We were very intrigued by the power of this technology and the team and acquired the company ESE in 
January. While the point-of-need platform might steal the spotlight, the optical detection technology and expertise was 
actually of core interest. We believe it will find utility in many of our laboratory-based instruments as well. 

The modules and the point-of-need systems are already available today. Hundreds have been placed, and a number of 
assays have already been formatted for it by third parties and now also by QIAGEN. The acquisition should contribute 
about $6 million in revenues in 2010 and be neutral to earnings. 

Now moving away from diagnostics into applied testing on slide 15. Our sales to customers in applied testing 
continued strongly. We recorded about 6% of net sales and good growth. In 2009, we significantly expanded our assay 
portfolio, and intend to expand this portfolio further in 2010. While this customer segment is still small, this is a 
dynamic area and highly synergistic with our activities in the life sciences and molecular diagnostics. Our key focus 
segments are genetic ID or forensics and veterinary testing. We have complete platforms, in particular, sample to result 
processing on QIAsymphony and others, and now also on our point-of-need platform. 

Turning to pharma on slide 16, pharma development continued strong as well. This is about half of our sales into this 
pharma segment, which represents 21% of sales. In pharma discovery, we expect softness to continue due to mergers 
and recently announced restructurings, but discovery is an increasingly minor part of our sales into pharma. By 
supplying disease and pathway-focused panels for biomedical and pharma activities in discovery and pre-clinical, we 
believe that QIAGEN can contribute to the discovery and validation engines of biomedical and pharma companies. 
This can lead to further growth and development and potentially also to companion diagnostics. This is at the core of 
our strategy in pharma. As such, the recently closed acquisition of ESE Biosciences will be highly synergistic with our 
strategy in pharma and diagnostics as well. It can be seen as a significant contribution to our engine to expand our 
content portfolio and thereby our diagnostic offering. 

If you turn to slide 17, we have listed some comments on the academic markets. We're actually growing quite nicely 
here. We did see first stimulus funding come in, but it has not been significant. However, we are very well positioned 
to benefit from these funds when they do arrive, which will probably be more significant in 2010 and even more in 
2011. Even though U.S. academia is only 10% of our sales, the overall contribution from stimulus could be as high as 
US$20 million through 2012. 

Our strategy in academia is not to be a one-stop shop, but to lead with technology excellence in our core area of 
expertise, sample and assay technologies. This is further augmented by our leading positions in translational research, 
microRNA and epigenetic research, just some of the fastest growing areas of academic research today. Now let me 
hand back to Roland now. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks. Our financial expectations, overall, for 2010 are outlined here on slide 19. While the outlook for the global 
economy remains uncertain in many areas, we see stable economics in our core markets and growth opportunities in 
untapped markets. Both position us well for this year. 


For 2010, we are guiding revenues between 1.120 billion and US$1.170 billion based on January 31, 2010 exchange 
rates. This represents a ladder to 16% growth over 2009. 

Here I would briefly like to draw your attention to currency rate volatility and the impacts on revenue estimates. The 
past three months have seen a change between 2 to 3%, a net effect on estimated revenues that represents a headwind of 
about US$35 million. There is a graphical representation of this in the appendix on slide 38 of our presentation. 

For the 2010 adjusted earnings per share, we expect between 0.90 and $0.96 per share based on January 31, 2010 
exchange rates. Note this is due to the weighted average number of fully diluted shares outstanding of 242 million, thus 
including those from the equity offering. Adjusted for the net impact from the equity offering, the growth in adjusted 
EPS would be between 8 and 16%. 

This next slide addresses some of the questions you may have in terms of development of our operating margin, given 
some of the investments we are making in the business. Over the last few years and also going forward, we have been 
able to get efficiencies by leveraging SG&A. In 2010, we are using the leverage from SG&A to fund our R&D efforts. 
Specifically, this investment will go towards clinical trials for our next generation platform QIAensemble and about 
five related assays, including HPV screening and genotyping as well as in the integration of the DxS products onto the 
QIAGEN platform. The latter will be accounted for in the first half of 2010. We believe that we can continue to 
maintain a strong operating margin of around 29% in 2010 and still be on track for improvements going forward. 

What is interesting to note is that the operating margin targets for 2010 are at or above consensus estimates. Where we 
are being conservative is an estimate of surplus cash where we are expecting a total return of only 40 basis points. So as 
you can see on slide 21, in terms of the interest rate on our cash balance, we estimate approximately 40 basis points and 
interest expense of approximately US$30 million. 

Please note that our functional currency is the U.S. dollar, and therefore our interest benchmark is the U.S. dollar 
interest rate. We recognize that analysts use the European company's new interest rates, which are at about 120 basis 
points. We said we would have achieved approximately US$7 million higher interest income. About two-third of our 
debt is fixed rate or swap into fix. Hence we do not see any negative impact from potentially rising interest rates. 

Our cash balances and marketable securities are invested at floating rates. Therefore, as the floating cash position 
exceeds the floating debt position, any rise in interest rates will improve our net interest expense. 

In 2010, we can also continue to expect organic growth at the same levels as 2009 in the mid-to-high teen. In terms of 
adjusted operating income, we expect pre-tax 123(R) expenses between 13 to US$14 million, amortization of acquired 
IP of approximately US$84 million, integration and acquisition related charges of 19 to US$23 million. Through 2010, 
we expect our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be between 27 and 30%. The weighted average number of fully diluted 
shares outstanding will be around 242 million. 

Before I hand back to Peer, let me just briefly outline our guidance and assumptions for the first quarter. We are 
guiding for revenues to be between 255 and US$265 million and adjusted earnings per share to be between 0.18 to 
$0.19 using January 31, 2010 foreign currency rates. We expect an adjusted EBIT margin between 26 and 27% for the 
first quarter. For 123(R) expenses, we expect approximately US$3 million, amortization of acquired IP to be 
approximately US$21 million, and business integration related charges of US$7 million. 

With that, I would like to hand back to Peer. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah, thanks Roland. We are very pleased to be able to report another year in which we met or exceeded our targets in 
every quarter and for the full year. Underlying trends are strong and the company is performing well; organic growth 
rate of 13% for the year and our operating margin of 29% are industry leading. At the same time, our strategic 
momentum is as strong as it ever has been. 


In particular, we are pleased to be able to announce that we expect to significantly expand our company in 2010 as 
well. From US$1.01 billion to up to US$1.17 billion in net sales. We have a lot in our pipeline and we are prepared to 
give an exciting overview for Analyst Day on Thursday in New York City and look forward to seeing you there to 
share with you the developments and growth outlooks of QIAGEN. And with that, I will hand back to Solveigh. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Yeah, thank you very much Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. Carrie? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Good afternoon. Congratulations on... 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi. Good morning. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Peer, could you give us a little bit more color on strength that you saw in molecular diagnostics, 
comparing kind of U.S. versus Europe? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we saw, I'd say, a strong growth on the prevention side in the 
States clearly, with HPV, CT/GC and other products in that portfolio and we saw very strong growth on the profiling 
portfolio, primarily in the United States. The differences were not too big, however, so I think the whole suite of 
products, personalized healthcare, is still only about 10% of the portfolio. We're running about a $50 million revenue 
volume on personalized healthcare products currently. The two big ones in the molecular diagnostics portfolio are 
profiling and prevention and they showed slight differences geographically but not dramatic. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: And kind of as a follow-up to that, there's a lot of macroeconomic news with respect to sovereign 
debt in Europe. Given your outlook, in 2010, I guess, do you anticipate any ramifications of macroeconomic issues on 
your businesses on either the molecular side, the diagnostic side or the tool side? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: You know, it's tough to say. If you look at the countries that are 
currently exposed, like Greece, Portugal and Spain; Greece and Portugal clearly represent very small markets, Spain is 
a little bit larger. The growth has been good in Spain over the last few years but again it's a much smaller market than 
for instance, U.K., Germany, Italy or France. So from that perspective, an individual country, even the sum of all of 
these discussed countries would not be a huge exposure. 

If you would look at how a potential default could taint the euro zone, there are clearly implications for that, but also 
here I think this is something that can be covered in the scenario that we're currently guiding for. 

There is a very strong underlying growth that we are basically getting because we're penetrating markets and replacing 
other technologies. So we're not asking for new money but basically doing things more efficiently for our customers. 
And therefore I don't necessarily see a big change in diagnostics. In research, even Spain was a much smaller market 
than Germany and France in 2009. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Davis Bu with Goldman Sachs. 


<Q - Davis Bu>: Thank you for taking the question. I guess, I'd like to build off that last question a little bit. Looking 
at your – or first, looking at your growth rates U.S. versus internationally. Not surprisingly and historically you've had 
higher growth rates ex-U.S. And looking at some of the products like the point-of-need testing, sounds like there are 
greater opportunities outside the United States. 

So the first question is, over the coming years would it be reasonable to expect a greater proportion of your sales 
ex-U.S.? And then secondly, given the volatility around exchange rates and I guess in this quarter and maybe in 2010, 
given what's going on in Europe, maybe even more volatility. With increasing international exposure, would you 
consider financial hedging? Or how do you think about currency effects? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, I'll take the first question and Roland the second. Thank you. I 
think, an important fact to lead into the answers is that we have a geographical distribution which pretty much 
represents the global market. So we have never really seen ourselves more skewed to one of the other markets, and I 
think going forward the United States will continue to be an extremely strong market, and if any market potentially 
takes share on a global basis, it will more come from Asia, which is still quite small but growing rapidly. So in general, 
the weighting of the business, I'd say, over the next three to four years, I would expect Europe and the United States are 
pretty much the same percentage as they do now, relatively, and Asia increasing in share. 

The products are very often quite different, in the United States which is more centralized laboratory infrastructure, the 
diagnostics market is different to the market than what you'd see in Europe where you have a more fragmented 
laboratory infrastructure, and again very different to what you have in Asia. So the products might be slightly different 
as well. But the way we segment it, the pillars in molecular diagnostics are asymptomatic screening, symptomatic 
patient diagnosis or personalized healthcare, I don't necessarily see those being different in the United States and in 
Europe. Roland, do you want to answer on the currency side? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, absolutely. First of all, I think it's important to mention that in 
general we do have a very good natural hedge situation, meaning that our costs and revenues are aligned in the 
currencies, where they incur. And it even improved in 2009 with the acquisition of DxS, we now have also a larger cost 
base in the U.K., where in the past we only had a sales force there, and of course significant numbers of revenues. 

In terms of overall and going forward exposure, as Peer said, in Asia, right now mainly China is growing and in a very 
significant way as I said 90% – more than 90% in 2009. And this currency is clearly, at least right now tied to the U.S. 
dollar. And within Europe, I think we do have solid good natural hedge situation so the only thing what we're going to 
do going forward, out of view from today, is cash flow hedging. And I think that puts us in a strong position. 

<Q - Davis Bu>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Dan Leonard with First Analysis. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Thank you. Peer and Roland, do you expect the organic growth rate of any of your large product 
lines will decelerate in 2010 besides flu? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Dan, there are always – there's a mix of different growth rates within the 
portfolio. And if you look back at the history over the past few years, five, six years, about half of our portfolio is 
actually reintroduced and replaces older product lines. Or replace or adds growth to our product portfolio and therefore 
compensates for older products that are probably not growing as fast. So there's always a mix there. The interesting 
thing is that most of our products don't really decelerate or decline. They kind of like stay at a certain level even if you 
pull marketing from them. 

We have 15-year old products that basically just continue to grow without – with very little investments. And even if 
we have a replacement product, they still continue to grow. So it's an interesting market that we're in with a very, very 
high degree of stability over a long period of time. And sounds like in pharma, where you suddenly have radical 


changes in revenues, it's much more predictable. I don't expect any of our basic customer segments to change 
dramatically in growth rates. The academic market in the mid single digits, and pharma as well; applied testing a little 
bit higher and diagnostics, again, a very strong quarter but we had always guided for about 15% organic going forward. 
Now we're at 19, so you'll see these slight changes. But it is, I think, an overall quite a dynamic portfolio where, within 
the portfolio you'll see different types of dynamics. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. And the R&D expense at 12% of revenue, is that the new number you'll manage the 
business towards, even beyond 2010? Or would you expect to manage that number downwards? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: I don't... 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Now where we are right – sorry, Roland. Did you want to take that? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Sure, I think that in general, as I said also at the beginning, we feel 
quite comfortable with the R&D investments that we're doing to maintain this very high – based on which we have in 
this 5% of growth coming from new product. We clearly have an increase in clinical trial costs from 2009 to 2010. But 
of course, having then the basis of 2010 going forward, I think a number of 12% sounds quite reasonable for me. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you both. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Dan, if I just may add to that, I think one thing that is very often 
underestimated is that we are pushing forward a platform initiative, which I think – that the industry has not seen 
before. 

We're coming forward with a high throughput screening solution, which is launching Europe in 2010. We are coming – 
and I call that the server, the high throughput screening system. We're pushing forward in 2010, as we speak, with the 
broadest menu in molecular diagnostics in Europe, a random access continuous load platform, the QIAsymphony RG 

Q. That platform is also going to be launched in the States, and we are already in clinical trials for a number of the 
assays that will be put on that platform. And the point-of-need platform will have a couple of assays coming forward in 
2010 Europe and 2011 in the States. 
So we're, on all three pillars, pushing something forward, and are doing that and still increasing the operating margins 
going forward. So I think it's something we've actually been managing over the last few years in preparation of this. 
We'll start seeing this come out now, and therefore, 2010 and '11 are immensely exciting years for us in our diagnostics 
franchise. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Cornelia Thomas with WestLB. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering, in terms of the introductions 
of your new instrument ranges, if you could give us a bit more of a feel for when about in 2010 you're planning to 
launch these? Because I would imagine that has quite a huge impact on instrument sales in that particular quarter and 
the following quarter – following quarters, rather. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good question, Cornelia. I think the answer is that, in instrumentation 
sales, you do always have a certain lead-time, and you follow-up with certain clinical data that can be supplied by the 
company and by third parties. So there's kind of like a ramp-up phase where the early adopters dive in quickly and then 
you can follow-up into the broader markets. 

We intend to launch the QIAsymphony RG Q in the second quarter this year, in about the May period. And on that 
platform, as I said before, there's an impressive lineup of assays, which is we think the largest actually for a platform in 
Europe. And a lot of them are the same assays that have a huge amount of documentation and validation in their 
original formats, running on DD1 and decyclis alone. And now in the integrated version, in the second quarter of this 
year. 


The QIAensemble is launching, in the CE Mark version, some time in the third quarter of this year, and the platform 
there is HPV screening and genotyping, and shortly thereafter, chlamydia. 

We are launching that platform, the HC 400 version, which is a very versatile, very compact instrument that has a 
throughput, which is still many times faster than the fastest instruments available today. So a very versatile yet – and 
very cost effective, yet extremely powerful platform. 

So that's going to be introduced, and obviously with a new version of our assay, we have the first data has already been 
published on our next generation HPV assay. And as the data clearly indicates, this is a totally new dimension, which in 
terms of specificity beats anything on the market, and still could improve on the sensitivity of hybrid capture 2. So 
quite an amazing feat, and therefore we think there will be a faster ramp up of the QIAensemble, but it still needs a few 
months for it to roll into a broader market. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thanks. And then my second question is regarding applied testing. Unless I'm totally 
mistaken, the percentage of that within your total sales keeps on going back, so indicating that that apparently isn't 
growing as strongly as some of the other areas. Could you give us the reason for that please? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Orders always jumps around between 6 and 7%, and what is important is 
there is a certain cyclicality in, for instance, diagnostics and applied testing, compared to some of the other markets. 
They have to do with the routine testing volume typically being a little bit lower in Q4 than in Q3. 

So there are some comparisons between these two markets, and Q4 is typically a little bit lower, but it was always 
between 6 and 7% for the year. And if you look at the underlying growth rates, you'll see that it's the second highest 
growth market that we're in. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel Partners. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Hi, Peer. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hello. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Just wonder if you could talk through the dynamics you're seeing in the HPV marketplace at the 
moment? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Good morning, Peter. While the dynamics continue comparable to 
what we saw in Q3, the United States mode is continued penetration. We've been very successful there. We have 
continued to expand the market, the revenue growth was good in 2009 and we also see good outlook for 2010 as well. 
We are now moving towards the 40% penetration; when we acquired Digene it was substantially lower, it was around 

25. So if there are some – we are moving quite aggressively in this market and I expect that to continue for some time 
going forward constantly changing the marketing mix and making sure that we put the right focuses in the right places. 
The name of the game in the United States is market expansion and continued penetration of the non-screening 
population, which is still the majority of the market. And Europe it remains a very regional game where we are actually 
very active now. We won some very large tenders now recently in a number of countries in Europe and Southern 
Europe but also in Scandinavia. We're working on a number of large programs also in emerging countries and even in 
developing countries. So the underlying momentum is also in Europe and outside and in Asia are very good, also Latin 
America, our program in Mexico is moving very nicely and in the meantime covered a substantial population. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Wondering if you could talk about your appetite for M&A and kind of businesses you're looking 
for? 


<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Well I think one of the key things that we wanted to do over the 
past few years, if you really take an eight or 10-mile view of what we actually did, in diagnostics what we did is we 
tried to acquire a flagship assay portfolio – in that case the screening was HPV. In the case of profiling it was the 
arduous portfolio. In the case of personalized healthcare, it was the DxS portfolio. Then we tried to create the right 
platform for these assays. In the case of screening, it was the QIAensemble, in the case of profiling and personalized 
healthcare it was the QIAsymphony. And then once we have created that, we try to expand menu so in the case of the 
QIAensemble we have five assays moving forward. In the case of the QIAsymphony, you saw the menu is actually 
very broad and that's what's happening. 

So the focus of M&A is clearly to expand the menu offering on that real estate that we've now spent so much in 
building and are rolling out over the next few years. The PI3K deal that you saw on Monday is actually very important 
for us, and a nice example of what we want to do more of. But I don't see a big flank in the company that would need a 
major acquisition. The company has a very strong growth trajectory in front of it. Looking back over the past few 
years, we've made or beat every single year and going forward I expect very strong growth rates of the company five 
times the size we were a few years ago. And that is primarily going to be based, as in the past few years, on organic 
growth. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Okay, thank you so much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Bill Quirk with Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Thanks, good afternoon. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning, Bill. 

<Q - William Quirk>: First question, Roland, based on your response to the R&D question; it sounded to me like we 
should not expect that the clinical trial expenses for 2010 will fall off in 2011. Said another way, it sounds like you 
essentially are looking to replace the spending with some additional R&D projects beyond 2010? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: I think what I tried to say is that, of course we have now with such a 
strong focus on molecular diagnostics and of course especially with our strong one right now, and on the QIASava 
platform with all the additional assays we're going to launch, we clearly have a very busy year 2010. Nevertheless, it 
also gives us a good basis in terms of R&D expenses for going forward to clearly have here some opportunities to even 
when we start other things. 

I think the other thing you have to have in mind is, of course, that all pharma partnerships we're having, and as we 
announced in the past, is clearly helping us in terms of leverage and also R&D expenses that – because most of the 
partnerships we do have here in personal healthcare are clearly structured in a way that our pharma partners are paying 
our R&D efforts here, which clearly gives us a significant leverage into the organization. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Very good. And then secondly, Peer, just thinking about, I guess, the timing of a lot of the 
product launches, both from an instrumentation side as well as some of the assays, it sounds like we're having a big 
push essentially starting in the middle part of 2010, and presumably this should help with the overall organic growth 
rate or the growth profile for the company once we kind of get beyond 2010, so we should be thinking 2011, 2012, 
potentially seeing an acceleration here off the base. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Good question and the way I see this is we've been building machines, 
literally actually, but we've been building machines that can now start generating horsepowers by the fact that if we 
place them at a customer's labs we can start generating consumable revenues. And with much more powerful higher 
bandwidth, machines with more assays running on them, this is clearly the goal. 

So going forward, we expect that the work that we've been putting in over the last few years to put everything into the 
position we have today should start generating a very good organic engine. I wouldn't go out and say we expect 


significant increases in organic growth rate going forward. But I think – what I can say is it's going to be a very 
interesting year, 2010 and '11. And we'll – over the course of those two years, have many, many new milestones and 
news flow that could make it interesting for everybody to get more visibility on the growth rate, than in the years 
thereafter. 

<Q - William Quirk>: Very good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Daniel Wendorff with Commerzbank. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Actually I have three, if I may. And starting 
with a follow-up question, the careHPV test, could you remind me there about the timeframe when you expect it to be 
launched where and, particularly, if it's possible on the medium-term horizon, what that could contribute to your top 
line? 

Secondly, regarding – you mentioned a lot of projects, which should come to the market in 2010 and '11. Is it fair to 
assume that the annual growth contribution from your product introduction is going above the four to 5% threshold 
there? 

And lastly a financial one, the operating cash flow and free cash flow generation has been quite impressive over the 
past few years. And you have quite a substantial cash equivalent position in your balance sheet. What can we expect 
you to do with the money? I mean, obviously you're still looking for live acquisitions which could add an interesting 
technology or even could pathway into an interesting market. But would be a dividend payment on the medium-term 
horizon be an option, if your operating cash flow development continues as it is? Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Great. Good questions. Well the first is the careHPV product, which is 
our point-of-need molecular test for HPV that we co-developed with PATH and the Gates Foundation. That product is 
done. We completed the clinical trials. We have data points on 10,000 women and the product is fantastic. We are – 
met or exceeded our sensitivity and specificity milestones. And expect to have the product as an IVD available in end 
of March, early April. The first programs are lined up. 

And as you do, I see a big market opportunity for this product. At the same time, we're going to start cautiously with a 
few pilot programs to make sure that it's used in the right way, so that we get the right momentum. We already did five 
or six studies, including Rwanda, Uganda, Nicaragua, and China, and India, and a few others and they all went 
extremely well. And we're going to do one or two demo projects in 2010 before we go into full-scale 
commercialization. 

Was the first question – the second question was on organic growth going forward. I'd think I'd like to just also refer to 
Dan answered before and – asked before. And we have a lot of things that we prepared that should be organic growth 
rate drivers going forward. We will get additional visibility over the course of 2010, and I think that will give a good 
view on the capabilities for us to drive organic growth rate over the course of maybe even the next five years. 

There are some massive markets that we're targeting. These are multibillion dollar markets that we're now opening up 
to, and where we actually have, in terms of technology and capabilities now, a leading position. So this will make it 
very exciting. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: 11% to 16% is starting point, one can say that? Would you guide for 2010... 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: We've guided for 11 to 16% in 2010. And going forward, we'll have to 
see how the product acceptances are, but the numbers are big. And any number I put out would be – I'd prefer to deliver 
the number and make it visible that we can achieve them, and then follow up with actual performance that validates 
that. 


And therefore, I think the 2010 guidance is – reflects a certain degree of conservatism. And it should be understood 
against – even though it is above the consensus, both in terms of the revenues and also in terms of the operating 
margins, were some discussions around currency, but if you factor that out, it's above the consensus. Against the 
backdrop of all of this, we're actually putting out a massive initiative next year, which will give you visibility on 
organic growth rate. 

Roland, do you want to... 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Last but not least, dividends. Sure. I think, Daniel, you're right, of 
course we had a significant improvement over the last couple of years in terms of operating cash flow. Last year it 
improved 25% to US$217 million. 

But on the other hand, of course we also see still a quite a significant number of very attractive small to mid-size M&A 
possibilities here, which clearly give us quite accretive events for the next, probably, two years. So I think we should 
see what we can do here, and 2010 might be even early. 2011. 

And yes, but you're right. I think in the midterms, we have to review that as well. Of course, cash flow is going to 
increase over the time, but right now we see still an active consolidation going on in the industry and QIAGEN wants 
to play an active role as well. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: But you don't see a reason why operating cash flow should decline? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: No, not at all. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen and Company. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Well you had a solid 2009 in a tough environment. However, I just want to try to cut through 
the numbers and make sure I'm understanding one thing correctly. Because when I take the full-year percentage of sales 
figures you presented by geography and product class, and back into the Q4 numbers, it suggests that worldwide 
molecular diagnostics and overall U.S. sales growth may have moderated in the quarter. 

It's entirely possible my numbers are off, but would you be willing to talk about Q4 performance, again in the U.S. and 
worldwide molecular diagnostics? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Doug, I think there must be a currency impact that we're happy to work 
with you on, that is leading to this conclusion. We are continuing to seeing strong growth in molecular diagnostics in 
all geographic regions that we supply into, a little bit faster in profiling in Europe, a little bit faster in prevention in the 
States, but the overall growth rate of 19% is coming, basically, from all regions. A little bit faster in Asia, but it's still a 
small percent of sales. And the 19%, by the way, is currency-adjusted organic growth rate. 

And if you do look at the third quarter, due to year-over-year comparisons, there was a higher growth rate on molecular 
diagnostic, but that was substantially higher than what we had in the second quarter, and I think we're even above the 
second quarter now in the fourth quarter, which is kind of unusual as a growth rate. So there is always a certain 
seasonality in there, but the 19% we're definitely very strong across all regions. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: That 19%, was that the full-year number or was that for the quarter? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: That was for the quarter. 


<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Okay. All right, that is helpful. And then, you know you guys are clearly moving aggressively 
into some promising areas that are even higher growth than the historical norm for you guys, both on the companion 
diagnostics and applied markets side. To some degree, it does seem like you've made the decision to trade off near-term 
operating leverage and earnings for long-term growth prospects associated with these areas. So when we look beyond 
2010, and I guess this is kind of going back to Bill's question a little bit earlier in terms of just talking about R&D 
spend in the context of operating leverage. 

I guess one thing I think a lot of us would be interested in hearing about is what do you think about – what do you think 
the peak margin maybe for the company over the next few years? I mean can this be a 30% operating margin company 
over the next two to three years? Or is it unlikely that you guys would let it trickle through to that level given some of 
the opportunities that exist? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, well I think the best way to answer that is if you look at what 
we're doing in 2010, we're literally talking about a operating margin, which is pretty much comparable to what we saw 
in 2009. I think it moves up even a tenth of a percent or two, or so. And so we even see an improvement in 2010 over 
2009 despite one massive number of clinical trials and also big launch programs being planned for 2010. 

So going forward, I don't necessarily expect us to significantly increase then for 2011. And with that, we typically – we 
were in a half percent in additional operating margin trend every year. And this is something that we should – as the 
economy of scale equation is the same as it was in the last 15 years, now it should also continue to kick in. 

We are definitely seeing an unprecedented roll-out in 2010 and, therefore, the expenditures in R&D went up compared 
to what we're spending and what we were spending in 2009. But I wouldn't see this as a continuous now as a proportion 
of sales increase. The HPV trial that we're starting is actually going to be probably the biggest and the most expensive 
clinical trial ever done in molecular diagnostics, and we're launching – we're submitting in the second half of 2011 is 
the date, mid-2011, and – with the launch date in 2012. 

So that's about the other assays that are coming onto that are primarily 510K assays with a fraction of the expense. So 
that's why I wouldn't necessarily assume that we decided to make a trade off on margin to support R&D expense. But 
this is really something where we're trying to manage something, and are actually keeping the operating margin flat 
despite a significant increase in clinical activity. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Doug. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Just – if you take that last question maybe in a 
slightly different direction I'm interested in maybe talking a little bit about your point-of-need opportunity and how you 
think about your go-to-market strategy there specifically for emerging markets? 

Now what I mean by that is, do you think you need maybe an incremental investment there in distribution for the long 
run and as you get to scale in that business do you see an opportunity to have that be a sort of margin accretive part of 
your franchise or would it more in line with the corporate average? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: This is an excellent question. The point-of-need market is evolving and 
there are two ways to play in it. Either play in it selectively and find partners for other parts of the market that we don't 
want to build sales channels around or do a broad-based initiative, which would require more activity and also more 
investment but could be highly profitable. We're right now – the model that we're working on right now is a very 
selective approach and we are opening up the platform to third parties of which several already have developed assays 
for the system and we are encouraging that going forward. 


So you could think of it something like an app store that we've created where other parties can also develop assays for 
the system. And there are number of different parties that are already commercializing the system or various variants of 
it. As I said a few hundred have already been placed. We are taking a selective strategy right now. This is what I would 
plan for and also project for the foreseeable future but we do have strategic options to go into a broader mode in this 
area but this is currently not part of the plan. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Great. Thank you. And then maybe secondly just a big picture question on the companion diagnostics 
market opportunity at least in the U.S., how do you look at maybe developing that channel over time? There's 
obviously a number of constituencies who have an interest here whether they're drug companies, labs, and PBMs, so do 
you see a standard model developing for you guys to play in that market or do you think it will be very dependent on 
the specific drug and indication that we're talking about? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Excellent question, I think there are four strategies in general people can 
take. The first is you can take the science, and if you see that science says that a diagnostic would work well with a 
drug, you can develop a diagnostic for it. And there are few models – they are typically FLIA-based models where 
hundreds of millions were spent to validate these types of assays and the businesses can be attractive but at huge 
upfront investments. The second model is to take like a Medco strategy. We saw them recently move here where a 
payer basically decides on doing this. The third is there are certain complexities, regionalization, it's not a global 
strategy. And interesting for the payers but not interesting for us. 

The third strategy is that you could basically go out and – as a pharma company start building your own diagnostic 
channel, but not everybody can be a Roche, who do an excellent job in this area, and – for their own drugs. And the 
third option is the one we're taking where we have a very substantial instrumentation and placement base out there, 
where we have sales channels into pathology, into hematology, into all the other segments where these types of assays 
are performed, and where we are then porting that content in partnership with pharma onto these platforms, and 
basically everybody has a certain element of strength that has contributed to the equation. And this is working very 
nicely and I'm enthusiastic about our partners and how we're working together, and it's a great deal of fun and it will be 
very, very exciting over the next two years. 

We're going to submit the first true companion diagnostics to the FDA, hopefully in the second half of this year, and 
this is going to be a watershed event not only for molecular diagnostics but the whole healthcare industry. And we're 
quite proud to be associated with that. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Thanks so much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the conference back over to Dr. Mähler. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Yes, thank you very much, Carrie. With this, I would like to close the conference call by thanking you all for 
participating. We hope to welcome you again to our first quarter earnings conference call on Tuesday, May 3, 2010. As 
always, if you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Again, thank you very much. Have a 
nice day. Good-bye. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 


Operator 

This concludes today's conference, you may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


