Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 
• Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 
• Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 
• Roland Sacker 
Other Participants 

• Tycho Peterson 
• Peter Lawson 
• Tony Butler 
• Daniel Wendorff 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Tracy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the QIAGEN First Quarter 2011 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to 
prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator 
Instructions] 

I would now like to turn the conference over to Dr. Mähler. Thank you, Dr. Mähler. You may begin your conference. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 

Yeah. Thank you very much, Tracy; and hello, everybody. Welcome to QIAGEN's first quarter 2011 earnings 
conference call. I am Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at QIAGEN. With me on the call are QIAGEN's 
CEO, Peer Schatz; and QIAGEN's CFO, Roland Sackers. 

We issued a press release last night announcing QIAGEN's financial results for the first quarter ending March 31st, 
2011, describing the Company's recent business highlights. A copy of this announcement, as well as the presentation 
we will be using during this conference call can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our homepage at 
www.qiagen.com. 

This conference call will cover a 30-minute presentation followed by a Q&A session. The time of the conference call is 
set at one hour. We, therefore, would like to ask you to please limit yourself to only two questions during the Q&A 
session. The call will be archived on our website. 

Before I turn over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussion and the responses for your 
questions reflect management's view as of today, April 28th, 2011. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have 
our press release and presentation in front of you, since our financial results and detailed commentaries are included 
and will correspond to the discussion that follows. 

As we share information today to help you better understand our business, it is important to keep in mind that we will 
make statements and provide responses in the course of this conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, 


expectations, or predictions of the future. These constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe 
Harbor provision. 

These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause QIAGEN's actual results to 
differ materially from those projected. QIAGEN disclaims any intention or obligation to revise any forward-looking 
statements. In addition, certain statements contained in this presentation are based on company assumptions including, 
but not limited to, revenue allocations based on business segments. 

For the description of such risks and uncertainties please refer to the discussions and reports that QIAGEN has filed 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP 
measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to GAAP can be found in the press release on our website. 

With this, I would like to hand over to Peer Schatz. Peer? 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Solveigh. I would like to welcome all of you to our conference call and the opportunity to review the start 
to 2011 and our perspectives on the year to come. As you saw in the press release issued last night we noted the 
following. 2011 is developing overall as we had anticipated. This is reflected in the soft results for the first quarter and 
we maintained our outlook for improving results over the remainder of the year. Net sales of $264 million were 
unchanged from the first quarter of 2010 but declined 2% at constant exchange rates. Adjusted EPS rose to $0.21 from 
$0.20 in the first quarter of 2010. While these results were as expected we like others have been facing unexpected 
disruptions in 2011 as well. These include the crisis in Japan, natural disasters in Australia and New Zealand as well as 
political unrest in Northern Africa. In Egypt alone we had significant shortfalls as we are a prime molecular diagnostic 
supplier to this country in particular for infectious disease, testing and specifically Hepatitis C. 

These factors together cost us about 2 percentage points of net sales growth. Our free cash flow was particularly strong 
more than doubling to $29 million in the first quarter of 2011 from 12 million in the comparable 2010 quarter. It 
increased at even faster pace when we excluded our investment in buildings. We are reaffirming our full year guidance 
for 2011 and expectations for adjusted earnings to improve at a faster pace than net sales. 

We continue to expect in improving performance during the course of the year and for the strongest year-over-year 
growth to be achieved in the fourth quarter. This guidance does not take into account the contributions from 
acquisitions such as Cellestis nor the risk of ongoing disruption in Japan and to lesser degree in Northern Africa. 
Despite the soft start in 2011, I am pleased with the progress we are making to deliver on our strategic goals that 
include the global roll out of QIAsymphony RGQ which is going very well. Customer feedback has been very positive 
here, particularly at recent customer events in the United States. We have an installed base of more than 400 systems 
worldwide and have set ambitious growth targets for 2011 and the coming years. 

We are also adding more molecular content to our platforms. Among the higher profile projects, the landmark U.S. 
submission of the KRAS biomarker for use in guiding cancer therapies is on track. Our co-development project with 
major pharmaceutical companies which total more than 15 are moving ahead. 

In the first quarter we further expanded our portfolio of partnerships and projects in companion diagnostics. While the 
majority of these projects are still in the area of oncology, we are addressing other indications as well. In this first 
quarter we further expanded the range of therapeutic areas in our companion diagnostic partnership portfolio, with a 
new agreement with an undisclosed pharmaceutical company. 

We will develop the companion diagnostics in a further new and very large therapeutic area. We are very pleased with 
our position in this exciting and rapidly developing area of personalized healthcare in companion diagnostics, and 
clearly have a leading position as a diagnostic partner of choice. 

We are also expanding and strengthening our geographic presence. We have told you about our direct entry into India 
and we are reviewing other markets as well. As you also know, we announced in early April a proposal to fully acquire 


the Australian diagnostics company Cellestis in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately US$ 355 million. This 
is a very attractive acquisition and fully in line with our strategy and reaffirms how we are adding content to our 
automated platforms. 

Cellestis will provide us with exclusive access to QuantiFERON technology, which allows a new dimension of testing, 
pre-molecular testing where disease detection can be undertaken far earlier than possible with any other diagnostic 
method. We will migrate this technology to our automated platforms in particular to QIAensemble, and develop a range 
of tests that are highly complementary with our DNA and RNA-based molecular diagnostics. This transaction is 
expected to close in mid-2011 and will provide new growth impulses. 

In summary, QIAGEN is on-track to deliver sequentially improving quarterly performances during 2011. We are 
executing on our strategic objectives, and achieving them will position us to further accelerate growth into 2012. 

Before we get into more depth, I would like to hand over to Roland for a discussion on the financials. Roland? 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Yes. Thank you, Peer, and good afternoon to everyone in Europe, and good morning to those joining from the U.S. 

QIAGEN's financial performance for the first quarter of 2011 came in largely as we had expected with the exception of 
the unforeseen political unrest and natural disasters in some markets. Growth rates were lower than typical for 
QIAGEN, but we remain confident that we are on a trajectory to achieve higher growth rates later in the year. 

Recapping the key numbers, we had sales of US$264 million. As noted earlier, the disruption in Northern Africa and 
Australia, New Zealand and Japan reduced net sales growth by about two percentage points. 

Adjusted gross profit increased 1% to approximately US$191 million. Adjusted operating income fell slightly to 
approximately US$71 million from about US$74 million in the first quarter of 2010. In the first quarter of this year we 
had an adjusted operating margin of 27% against a backdrop of lower sales at constant exchange rates along with 
strong investments in R&D and an aggressive push to further expand in new geographic regions. In the short term even 
if we continue at this level of R&D investment our ability to maintain a stable fixed cost base should allow us to 
improve our adjusted operating margin during the course of the year. 

Longer term, our target remains to reach 31% by the end of 2013. We continue to enhance productivity and increase the 
value of our business operations by reducing the cost of routine operations. Performance oriented workforce 
management and reallocating the sources of growth initiatives are anticipated to provide additional benefits for our 
adjusted operating income margin as we move through 2011. Adjusted EPS rose to $0.21 per share from $0.20 in 2010. 
In terms of non-operating factors we have told you in the past about the sustainable benefits that would be coming from 
our tax optimization strategy and this hurt us in the first quarter. With an adjusted effective tax rate of 26%, we came in 
at the high end of the assumption we had given for the first quarter. There is an impact here from lower sales and 
income from Asia Pacific. In any case however our adjusted tax rate is lower than the 30% rate in the first quarter of 
2010. 

Free cash flow for the first quarter more than doubled to approximately US$29 million. When adjusted for building 
investment it was approximately $37 million and sharply higher than the $17 million reported in the first quarter of 
2010. We have been able to make significant investments without relying on unstable credit markets while also 
reducing our exposure to potentially volatile interest rate trend. In addition, a positive driver for our free cash flow has 
been the impact of procurement optimization that has improved our working capital management. As we continue to 
maintain a healthy balance sheet including a positive net cash position we believe QIAGEN is ideally positioned to 
capture growth opportunities in 2011 and beyond. 

I am now on slide six. In terms of geographic results, in the Americas we saw net sales growth of 1% at constant 
exchange rates. We have now seen some positive trends in the U.S HPV market. In Europe, Middle East and Africa, 
sales dipped by 1% at constant exchange rates. Our ability to deliver molecular diagnostic products in Egypt, via 


hepatitis C testing, was adversely impacted by political unrest. This had a marginal but still notable effect on our 
performance. The Asia Pacific Japan region saw some more significant impact from disruptive events with sales falling 
nearly 10% at constant exchange rates. It went beyond Japan to also include New Zealand and Australia where some of 
our customers were affected by the natural disasters. 

Overall the impact of these unforeseen events reduced net sales by about 2 percentage points compared to our 
expectations. 

Moving on to slide seven, some notes on our healthy financial condition. Our cash flow allows us to pursue growth and 
investment plans without depending on unstable credit markets and this limited exposure to interest rate developments. 
Both operating and free cash flows have increased steadily since the first quarter of 2008. 

In the first quarter our operating cash flow rose to approximately US$50 million, up from $29 million in 2010. Capital 
expenditure over the past two years has been quite substantial totaling nearly US$50 million for constructing activities 
at our sites in Germany and Maryland. Investments have been made mainly to expand R&D and production facilities. 

Spread over the next two years, to reach completion we expect to invest another US$40 million. Most of this will be 
going towards our site in Germantown and the remaining work in Hilden will be completed by middle of this year. So 
it's worthwhile to highlight that our free cash flow when excluding this building investments has grown at an even 
faster pace. This underscores our increase in profitability as well as success in improving the management of the 
working capital. 

Moving to the next slide before I hand back to Peer, I just want to provide you some more details on the events in Japan 
and how they impacted performance, where we stand today, and some future perspectives. First of all, our employees 
are all safe. Although some of our facilities and in particular our main warehouse in Tokyo have been damaged, which 
caused US$1.3 million in inventory write-off. 

Furthermore, we experienced a pretty dramatic drop in deliveries. We are proud of our Japanese colleagues and their 
commitment during this crisis. We are supporting the recovery of Japan, and are in contact with government agencies 
in terms of human identification and infection disease testing products. 

Deliveries have started to improve, but it's still too early to predict the potential impact on sales for the second quarter 
and the rest of the year. A key variable will be power supplies and the risk of rolling blackouts with some customers 
affected in their ability to conduct their business. 

I would now like to hand back to Peer for a strategy update. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Thank you, Roland. And we are now on slide 10. We're making progress on strategic initiatives to leverage our 
global leadership and sampling asset technologies and strengthen our position in all our customer classes. 

Molecular diagnostics which represents 44% of net sales declined 2% at constant exchange rates from the first quarter 
of 2010. We saw weak results in profiling and prevention, while personalized healthcare developed very nicely as we 
further strengthened our leadership in companion diagnostics. 

Profiling, which encompasses infectious disease testing primarily was adversely affected by disruptions in Japan and 
northern Africa, as I explained earlier. Prevention is still being affected by soft sales of HPV tests in the United States, 
but we are seeing improving trends. 

Apply testing which is currently 6% of net sales faced a challenging year-over-year comparison and results in this 
customer class can be volatile. Net sales fell 13% in constant exchange rates from the same period in 2010, which 
included strong sales of instruments. 


Longer term trends in this customer class however are underpinned by our expansion initiatives in human 
identification, veterinary testing and food safety. Pharma was 21% of net sales and benefited from staying demand for 
advanced molecular technologies that support initiatives for new medicines, particularly gene based drug development 
activities. 

In terms of R&D the R side remains challenging but demand on the D side was solid. Net sales in the quarter rose 2% 
at constant exchange rates overall. Academia which was 29% of net sales saw a cautious purchasing behavior amid 
uncertainty about budgetary restrictions in some markets in particular in the United States. Net sales declined 2% at 
constant exchange rates but we feel comfortable about the longer term trends. 

Moving to Slide 11 as I mentioned at the start QIAGEN is in an important strategic phase to add molecular content or 
more technically molecular assays that deliver rapid and precise results to our range of automated platforms. We are 
concentrating our initiatives on three primary platforms each of which addresses an important application profile. 

QIAsymphony RGQ is our flagship platform offering unprecedented flexibility in automation to customer requiring a 
broad menu and the processing of anywhere from 1 to 300 samples per shift. QiAensemble is our next generation 
platform that is currently in development. It will offer a range of assays along with improved automation and higher 
throughput capacity. We will provide further updates on this system on May 9 at concurrent customer forms at the 
clinical virologist society meeting CVS and Eurogen. 

And last our portable point of need devices are being developed that will enable molecular testing where no 
laboratories immediately available such as hospital emergency rooms or in low resource areas such as developing 
countries. 

Complementing our own R&D initiatives you can see how recent transactions will add molecular content to our 
platforms. These transactions include the acquisitions of DxS, SAB, the food testing assays from IFT and forensic 
assays from Biotype. The latest example being the proposal to acquire Cellestis. 

Among agreements our strategic investment in the German company Alacris, which we announced in January, will 
provide us with the exclusive excess to novel biomarkers to companion diagnostic and personalize healthcare and we 
are working on a number of important biomarkers in co development projects with leading pharmaceutical companies. 
This strategic phase goes beyond molecular diagnostic and involve all of our customer classes. 

Turning to slide 12, as we have been saying QIAsymphony has attractive growth potential. This modular platform was 
first launched in 2008 as a sample preparation system only and then we added in assay set up module in 2009 and in 
late 2010 we launched QIAsymphony RGQ which incorporated the Rotor-Gene Q real-time PCR detection platform. 
This was a critical step since now our customers have complete system from sample preparation to result and this has 
created a key breakthrough in terms of utility for our customers. The system was launched in late 2010 in Europe 
within unprecedented breadth of 14 approved assays and an early 2011 assay in the U.S. is an open platform with 
several submissions of assays projected for 2011 and beyond. 

Feedback continues to exceed our expectations. Customers are recognizing how the system will enable them adopt our 
greatly expand the use of molecular diagnostics. In addition to reliability metrics point to the system probably setting a 
completely new standard in terms of reliability. Since the launch of the first module in 2008, we now have more than 
400 systems placed around the world. We have set an ambitious target for 2011 and for the years to come. Given the 
selling process for these types of systems, we anticipate the majority of placements of the QIAsymphony RGQ to occur 
in the second half of the year. And related to that as you most of you know, a majority of the placements will involve 
creating rental agreements. 

Keeping in mind that the selling process takes some time, sometimes up to 12 months from the initial contact with an 
interested customer through to completion of the sale, a key element is the customer having sufficient time to evaluate 
and validate the system. All-in-all we are very pleased with the rollout of QIAsymphony RGQ and the market 
acceptance. 


Turning to slide 13, we are making dynamic progress in personalized healthcare, where we are helping to match the 
right patients with the right drug by offering companion diagnostics. We have built up by far the leading industry 
position with a portfolio of assays that include many flagship assays such as KRAS and EGFR as well as many others. 

We have a portfolio of more than 15 projects underway with major pharmaceutical companies, some of these 
partnerships shared and thereby leveraged into multiple applications, and we have many more in the pipeline. In the 
first quarter of 2011 we made further progress on a number of these projects. Among the highlights were the additions 
of new disease areas such as the addition of a new project with a major pharmaceutical company in a new and very 
large therapeutic area. 

We and our partners often elect not to provide additional details in sensitive areas due to confidentiality reasons. This is 
typical for these agreements. We realize this can be challenging for you. As you see in this graphic, a recent industry 
report by MacKenzie noted that the use of companion diagnostics outside of oncology would likely focus on 
neurological conditions, cardiovascular disease and other types of disorders. So this should give you some indications 
as to how we see this area in general developing. 

As you know, we are working to complete the U.S. regulatory submission of the TheraScreen KRAS assay, which 
determines the gene mutation status in patients with colorectal cancer. We are in the process of submitting KRAS to the 
FDA for pre-marketing regulatory approval. Many of the modules have already been submitted and the remainder is 
moving forward towards completion. 

Turning to slide 14, I would like to provide some insights on HPV testing and prevention which provides about 20% of 
our sales. As you know, the number of patients visiting doctors in the United States for HPV tests was down 
significantly in 2010. This decline in visits has moderated in 2011 and supported by commentaries from other market 
participants as well. With a slow but steady increase in doctor visits, we are becoming more optimistic about trends for 
the later part of 2011. 

The decline in patient visits began in spring 2010 and has been blamed on the uncertain U.S. economy, the rising 
unemployment rate and the related reduction or loss of insurance benefits. With that in mind, we probably had the 
toughest comp in the first quarter of 2011. At the same time, we have been converting the U.S. market and penetration 
is estimated now to be moving towards 45%. HPV testing still remains a substantially untapped market. 

So conversion initiatives, particularly those targeting integrated healthcare networks and physician groups remain a 
major focus. Our view remains that based on the assumption of market conversion continuing at a good pace the HPV 
franchise will even under our conservative assumptions relating to doctor visits achieve growth in 2011 as all 
fundamentals are intact. We will capitalize on our leading position in HPV testing both in the U.S. and in other 
markets. As you see from this slide around 20 pilot projects are underway in Europe and momentum continues to build 
towards adoption of HPV screening. 

Turning to slide 15 we're often asked about our views on the entry of competition in the United States and more so 
given the recent approval of Roche's HPV test in the United States. Will there be an impact, yes but this is taken into 
consideration and included in our revenue expectations. At the same time it is very clear that none of the competitor 
assays are anywhere close to being validated to the extent our assay is. 

Also none provides clinical data superiority. This is quite unique. Normally you would see new tests offer clinical 
benefits but here this is clearly not the case. So QIAGEN continues to prove its current product offering is superior and 
we will continue to upgrade this portfolio further. 

As for QIAensemble our next generation platform for use in prevention and particularly our HPV molecular diagnostic 
tests we are planning to provide the details of our upgraded development pipeline coinciding with two important 
medical meetings in May. Urogen in Lisbon, and CVS in Daytona Beach. This will provide us an opportunity to update 
the financial community as well as our key customers on the status of this program simultaneously. 

So on summary we are focusing on driving conversion to HPV testing. This will position us to benefit from the 
eventual U.S. economic stability or even improvement which will be a key factor for increasing patient visits. 


Turning to slide 16. I would like to provide you with some insights on the proposal we have made to acquire the 
Australian diagnostics company, Cellestis. This will be a very attractive acquisition and fully in line with our strategy 
to add molecular content to our platforms. Cellestis is a profitable, publicly listed company with two marketed 
products, QuantiFERON-TB for the detection of latent TB, and QuantiFERON-CMV for the detection of 
cytomegalovirus, which is threat in organ transplant patients. As we announced in early April this is all cash transaction 
and this has been proposed under scheme of arrangement which is particular to the Australian market. 

We have the full support of the Cellestis board of directors and the two company founders, we have an auction deed 
and the two founders, from the two founders to acquire from them up to 90.9% of Cellestis' outstanding shares. When 
shares held by other board members are added to this amount this totals to about 27% of the outstanding shares. The 
offer price is $3.55 per share, Australian dollars per share, or about 340 million Australian dollars in total. This is 
equivalent to approximately 355 million U.S. dollars when using the exchange rates at the time we announced the 
proposal. 

Closing is expected in mid 2011. This transaction will be mildly dilutive to our adjusted EPS in 2011 with the impact 
felt in the third and fourth quarter, so post closing. We are planning to make large investments in sales capabilities and 
R&D initiatives for migration of existing Cellestis products on to the QIAGEN platforms, QIAsymphony RGQ, 
QIAensemble, and portable devices as well as for the new product development. However, starting in 2011 we expect 
this acquisition to help accelerate our growth and for accretion to adjusted EPS of about $0.02 to $0.03. 

Turning to slide 17. Cellestis will provide Qiagen with exclusive access to the novel QuantiFERON technology. This is 
a next generation proprietary technology to query a previously untapped information source in the human body. 
QuantiFERON is a pre-molecular testing technology in that enables disease detection far earlier than possible with 
other diagnostic methods. It is a sample and acid based technology, just like our other products, and it can run on 
Qiagen instruments. 

QuantiFERON tests whole blood samples for the presence of systemically amplified molecular analytes. These tests 
provide information from the immune system's memory. If the target disease antigen is present, you will be able to 
measure the release of interferon gamma from affected T-cells. This technology can find pathogens such as bacteria, 
viruses, fungi or other clinical syndrome that are present in such low amounts that they are not detectable with 
traditional DNA and RNA based molecular diagnostics. So we are able to get critical information even on latent 
infections. 

Turning to slide 18 based on this novel profile, we believe QuantiFERON is highly complementary to our DNA and 
RNA based molecular diagnostics. So we see the opportunities where appropriate and clinically relevant of marrying 
our molecular diagnostics portfolio with QuantiFERON based tests. This acquisition has a technology focus. But TB 
also has an attractive market dynamic. So I would like to provide some insights on the commercial opportunities. 

In combination with our molecular diagnostics for TB, we are creating the largest leading next generation position in 
TB testing. To understand the TB testing market, it is critical to understand that there are two different types of TB 
status. One, active TB, in other words, basically full blown disease with symptoms; and two, latent TB, where the 
patient has no symptoms but where the disease can flair up and threaten the patient and cause potential spreading of 
disease as well. 

There are no molecular diagnostics for latent TB as the amount of pathogen DNA is far too low. In the developed 
world, latent TB is far more important as a testing franchise than active TB testing. Latent TB tests are critical for 
identifying those at risk and immediately treating them and to thereby reduce the disease burden and the spreading of 
disease. 

If a patient test negative then this is great for the patient and they will come back for routine testing at some point in 
their future. If they test positive, DNA and RNA-based molecular diagnostics would then be used for further testing and 
monitoring. People undergoing routine testing include healthcare workers, college students, people in prisons, the 
military, and it is also used in immigration. 


Regulatory clearances, reimbursements and guidelines are done in most countries, so we are going to work on global 
expansion. As part of QIAGEN, we can certainly drive this more effectively in the larger organization we are now 
combined. 

Turning to slide 19, we also see opportunities to apply this technology across all areas of our molecular diagnostics 
customer class, in prevention profiling, personalized healthcare and point of need testing. In prevention, for example, 
we'll be adding more content to QIAGEN's ensemble increasing the value of platform for our customers. 

We have many of the same customers for HPV and the QuantiFERON test, particularly in the United States with large 
reference labs or in hospitals. And profiling the QuantiFERON CMV test has a potential to accelerate our fast growing 
leadership position in viral load monitoring. This would include monitoring of immune compromised patients such as 
those with HIV, Hepatitis, or people or patients taking medicines as pressed immune system. We also see a strong link 
to our industry leading transplantation position. In personalized healthcare we see significant opportunities given that 
several new classes of medicines require patients to be free of latent TB. We will also consider developing tests for 
other infections given that a number of medicines require for example latent viral testing before treatment initiation and 
this could be done with this technology. 

So this is a solid deal inline with our strategic and proposed at a full and fair price. We are adding next generation, 
unique and proprietary technology to query a previously untapped information source. QuantiFERON is highly 
synergistic with our molecular diagnostics portfolio and we will develop assays matching our DNA based products. We 
will be migrating this technology to our platforms. It provides us with strong leadership position in TB one of the most 
critical diagnostic areas. And this is a financially attractive deal. 

We have clear and consistent M&A strategy and that is to consider targets that improve our pipelines, provide access to 
new technologies and offer expansion opportunities into new geographic markets. Cellestis is clearly consistent with 
this strategy and given our healthy financial position, we're considering other targeted acquisitions as well. 

I am on slide 20 to provide a quick summary before we move into Q&A. as mentioned at the start 2011 is developing 
overall as we had anticipated. In Q1 our markets were soft and we faced some unexpected disruptions with Japan and 
other few markets as well. We are, however, pleased with the progress we are making to deliver on our strategic goals, 
particularly the global roll out of QIAsymphony RGQ and additional co-development projects in personalized 
healthcare. Proposed acquisition of Cellestis meanwhile will provide exclusive access to a novel technology that is 
highly complementary to our portfolio and we also reaffirming our full year guidance. We anticipate net sales growth at 
about 5 to 7% in 2011 at constant exchange rates, adjusted EPS is expected to grow at a faster pace of 7 to 13%. Our 
expectations do not take into account the contribution for the acquisition such Cellestis nor the risk associated with 
Japan and Northern Africa. We are well positioned to expand in 2011 and to further accelerate growth into 2012. 

With that I would like to hand back to Solveigh to open up the Q&A session. Thank you. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 

Thanks, Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. I would like to open the Q&A session by 
handing over to the operator. Tracy? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Tycho Peterson of JPMorgan. Please ask your question. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Hey, good morning. Maybe just first question on QIAsymphony, the RGQ as we think about 
the build out in the U.S, can you talk a little bit about what you are anticipating in terms of consumable pull-through 
per box, are you expecting multiple placements at each customer site? And then any color on customer mix between 


hospitals versus smaller reference labs would be helpful too. 

<A - Peer Schatz>: Sure. Thanks, Tycho. I think there is -- there are few answers to that. The first is that the 
bandwidth of the platform is very broad. So you can in theory economically run up to 50 assays a day because of the 
random access continuous load feature. And this primarily would be done in hospitals for some of the lower volume 
assays. But we are also starting to see that this platform is being used in higher throughput formats running up to 300 
samples and a shift that this competes with very large high throughput platforms even. 

And with the added flexibility and the fact that you can actually continuously load the platforms, we can compete even 
with screening platforms. But we are primarily seeing it currently addressing the mid-range volume in larger hospitals 
and large and medium sized reference labs. That has been the sweet spot so far. We anticipate going forward and also 
based on the lead pipeline that there is in terms of numbers more in the hospital market because there are simply more 
hospitals, but we are seeing also a complete dissemination into all the areas of reference lab testing. 

The throughput depends on the assays that are being run for European customers have access to a very broad menu 
including the blood virals. We see people targeting throughputs north of 150,000 a year. In theory the platform can pull 
through much more than that, but that is about the range if you have the blood virals on them running at which are at 
higher volume assays, HIV, Hepatitis and some of the women's health assays as well. Then it gives this type of 
throughput. 

If you are just running the transplantation panels, which is done typically in reference labs, it will be a lower 
throughput. But the interesting thing is once people have the platform and because it has a flex capability into higher 
volumes we're seeing people suddenly evaluating assays that have been traditionally run on other systems. So they are 
interested in consolidating on one platform and that's how we see the QIAsymphony. It's an aggregator of assays onto a 
compact piece of equipment with a high degree of flexibility and bandwidth. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. That's helpful. And then as we think about HPV marketing in the U.S., can you just talk 
a little bit about what you're assuming for underlying growth rates, any commentary on pricing and just the nature of 
discussions with the labs today? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. The market is still in an early phase right now of recovery, so 
you've seen commentaries from some of the larger labs hinting at improvements even in OB-GYN visits. We typically 
see these improvements flow through into sales with a delay of about one to three months, because customers have 
inventories and they would start going to higher inventory levels once the trend is seen as permanent. So I think the 
next months will provide a lot more clarity, but the trends are definitely positive. 

In terms of pricing -- and remember, we in our forecast assumed a decline of patient visits 5% to 7% or so in 2011. So a 
stabilization or even an improvement would definitely provide some benefits for us. The pricing environment has 
remained rather stable and there are two reasons for that. While large reference labs are going into higher volumes in 
some cases, that triggers an improved pricing, we're also seeing more dissemination of HPV testing into medium sized 
hospitals or medium size reference lab sites, so there is a dissemination trend and typically these are accounts with 
lower volumes and therefore slightly higher prices. So overall the stability has been quite good. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Okay. And then just the last one from me; can you just talk about when we might see your 
clinical data on Chlamydia and gonorrhea? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: We'll be providing some updates on our screening franchises on May 9 
in Lisbon and Daytona. So there I understand... 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: So there will be some data then on Chlamydia and gonorrhea? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: You will be in Lisbon so I understand you will be part of that 
communication session there so obviously we'll have a lot of updates to provide and wanting to give that to our 
customers also and so we thought this was good forum to do that. 

<Q - Tycho Peterson>: Great thank you very much. 


<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Lawson of Mizuho Securities. Please ask your question. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Yeah just one main question, it's just around FDA timelines for submissions, just wondered if 
you could talk through some of the key products I guess HIV, HCV, Chlamydia and gonorrhea, when you are expecting 
FDA approvals for those and the standing of those? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: The key submissions that we have planned for 2011 included the CMV 
assay which is a very important one for us in Q4 and the KRAS test and those are I would say the two big ones that we 
have and those are on track for the submissions in 2011 as we had laid it out in the Q4 announcements. In addition, we 
have smaller assays that include influenza, ResPlex, and a few others that we're moving forward which would be 2011 
or 2012 submissions. And on top of that we have the whole women's health and the screening franchise which include 
the HPV and the Chlamydia submissions. For those I would like to refer to the May 9 date, so we are not here in this 
call changing anything compared to what we had announced previously, but are referring to this announcement date on 
May 9. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: And RGQ is that going to go for a full FDA submission, or was that just kind of research? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. No, the QIAsymphony RGQ is an integral part of all of these 
submissions. So, actually the modules covering the RGQ system have already been submitted to the FDA. So the 
system is moving forward as an IVD system. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Do you get -- do you think get approval when you get this first approval this year Q4, 2011, for 
the modules? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. The way you approve the detection platform is you combine it 
with an assay and was slightly happen on approval for use with this assay. The sample preparation modules we actually 
made very significant effort in 2011. I don't think we ever talked about but we've actually got a clinical sample 
concentrated classification on a wide range of different sample preparation and pre-processing modules, and I think we 
are the only ones out there with this classification on such a wide range. So the QIAsymphony is already designated as 
a clinical sample concentrator. We also have consumables that are designated as clinical sample concentrators. For 
instance the purification of viral nucleic acids from liquid cytology samples is already cleared as a clinical sample 
concentrator in the United States, and certainly in addition to many other viral and genomic and RNA extraction 
products. 

So the upfront has been taking care for the downs for the detection where we need an integration with the assays and as 
there are several moving forward for the various types of clearances. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Perfect. Thank you so much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Tony Butler of Barclays Capital. Please ask your question. 

<Q - Tony Butler>: Yes, thanks very much. Peer, how do you tease out the increased interval in PAP screening versus 
a reduction in OB-Gyn visits. And what's in that expectation or that thought process. What would you think about the 
overall 300 plus million dollar HPV market say three to five years from now. Is that going to grow in an appreciable 
way? Will it accelerate, will it grow at a steady state rate? 


And the last question is, in your high volume customers, if you make an assumption that they have got, they have been 
using your HPV assay and let's make an assumption that Roche is approved and they have got a [ph] Cobos (45:36) 
machine there, and let's make an assumption that they have got a Tigress, do you, what would be your expectation of 
their decision tree. Is it only based on economics or there are other factors that they will consider? Thanks very much. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Thanks Tony. All good questions. The interval question that's 
almost impossible to tease out other than through surveys that we do with our physician partners. So that – there was a 
slight, at least a perceived change in the guidelines. It was actually no change, but some physicians perceived the 
change in the guidelines which would extend the intervals slightly to go to three-year intervals after multiple negatives 
last year. 

But remember, the ones that are probably -- were probably over testing were the ones that were the first to adopt HPV 
testing down at maybe 10% penetration. So we assume a very -- a faction of the market is actually over testing and 
moved to longer intervals. So that didn't really cause a big change as we see it in the overall business opportunity for 
us. 

The far larger opportunity is the penetration opportunity. And the -- actually the fact that you went to longer intervals 
on HPV actually is a benefit for some physicians because they don't have to deal with multiple information to provide 
to their patients. So it simplifies the whole thing a little bit for them. So there's actually even a benefit of that. It's, as I 
said, impossible to say in what way that the benefit or the disadvantage falls. 

In terms of the physician office visits that's a very, very clear number. So if there are fewer people coming, they should 
be coming once a year for their Pap test at least, also under new guidelines and under the perceived new guidelines, as I 
said, they never really changed, but the annual visit always stayed there. But if the annual visit went from an annual 
visit to an 18 month visit that's a huge impact and is by far the larger piece. 

The second question the market growth, we're moving. We a few months ago announced that we broke through the 
40% mark, we are moving towards the 45% mark and our clinical sales force is doing just an incredible job for our 
laboratory partners in developing this market and preparing also as the numbers of physician visits would come back 
that this larger penetration number would translate into some very good growth as you suddenly have almost an 
additional accelerator because you prepared the market for HPV testing; as the doctor visits increase the number will 
increase over proportionately. 

So the question where the market could go in the United States, there is no reason why it shouldn't be at 80%, 90%; 
some markets have already converted 95%. If you take Chlamydia 95% conversion compared to other types of 
technologies. So there are basically no limits. I think 80% is a conservative and reasonable estimate for the market to be 
converted into. 

And number three is on the high volume testing side; none of these high volume accounts could really live with 
everything running on one platform. I'll give you an example. A medium-sized account is running 300 to 500 HPV tests 
a day and that maxes out a Roche platform and it maxes out a Tigress. And since most of these labs don't run two 
shifts, there is no benefit of basically having the ability to run two assays on one platform. 

Where it is a benefit is if you are running lower volume in smaller labs and that – there however, all of these platforms 
have a big disadvantage in that they are huge and that they don't allow uneven batch size testing down to single sample 
batches. This means that their systems are still batch based systems and they don't provide benefit for the low volume 
customers, and they don't really provide a lot of value for the high volume customers. The trick is to go random access 
on lower throughput customers and then have in many cases even monoculture very high throughput systems for the 
large reference labs. 

In terms of preferences, look there will always be a case where a customer really loves somebody else sales person or 
somebody else's products and you can't have everything. The market is just so big it can accommodate easily several 
players. We are very confident that we are fully on track. And I think most projections also confirm that, also from 
third parties that our targets of very substantial market leadership still four, five years out, are fully intact. Nobody 
switches very quickly. 


And I think there are two fallacies that are very often here in discussions. First I sometime have the feeling that United 
States HPV testing market is 180% of our sales is actually 18% of our sales and so any switch -- any impact on our 
numbers would need major changes in that 18% of our sales. Number two is I would assume that there could be a 
change in market share, if you would have a substantially better test, really a substantially better test out there, but if 
you look at the numbers and look at it black and white, and one of the competitors told me the other day in dozens of 
years in this market, never ever was the incumbent test still so superior after so many years to newly entering tests. And 
this is I think – we are just very fortunate to have that quality here. 

<Q - Tony Butler>: Thank you Peer, very helpful. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Tony. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Daniel Wendorff of Commerce Bank. Please ask your question. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Yes, good afternoon everybody. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Daniel. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: A few questions, if I may, and maybe starting off with a very stupid question, but I will ask it 
anyway. The launch of the QIAsymphony RGQ, are you addressing with the RGQ component mainly new customers, 
or is it that the customer already has the sample preparation and the assay component and then only adds the detection 
component? 

And second question – or maybe you can answer that first maybe. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, I will take it down, so you can give us the second question. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Okay. And second question regarding the EMEA growth or the decline in constant exchange 
rates we saw in the EMEA region. And I was wondering whether you could potentially adjust that for the disruptions 
you saw in Northern Africa. And then a simple question on the QIAensemble and is it likely that you will give an 
update on the potential launch schedule there as well on the 9th of May? 

And lastly, one for Roland, did I get it right that you target a 31% adjusted operating margin by the end of 2013? So 
that would be my questions. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Good. I'll take the first three and hand over to Roland then. So, 
the first question is, are we simply clicking on the detection modules, onto existing based customers. We are doing that 
in part. The majority of these patients are actually completely new systems as well. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Okay. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: So the -- lot of the hospitals in particular, they would like to have a 
complete solution. And with the menu we have available now in Europe which is how competitive we -- its actually 
second to none even. We have an extremely strong offering for broad areas of testing. 

Number two, EMEA. You're right to assume that that primarily impacted the EMEA revenues, the impact that we had 
or we said that were about to 2%. And actually Northern Africa is quite significant for us. We're very fortunate to have 
a very good position in Northern Africa, not only in Egypt, but actually across most of the other countries and 
diagnostics, but also in applied testing. And that impact was quite significant. So it's about a couple of percent, and you 
could allocate to EMEA. On the overall side and assume EMEA is 35% of sales and that would give you then -- you 
see that's quite significant so EMEA would be in the growth mode. 

And number three is the QE launch, yes absolutely... 


<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Okay. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: So that's why we're there. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Yeah. 

<A - Roland Sacker>: Hi Daniel. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Hi. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: And last question for me, of course. For margin improvement, 
perhaps our focus area. Let me finish it. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Okay. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: It's clearly one thing which is something where we also now after the 
first quarter it was very well on track, we achieved what we expected for the first quarter plus very confident that over 
the course of the year 2011 our operating margin will improve. You have to have in mind that we started the year with 
a fully laid out and running pipeline project so over the course of the year you will see there more leverage which 
especially also on SG&A leverage which will help us in a quite significant way. Our midterm goal 31% adjusted 
EBITDA margin for 2013 and of course our long term project, midterm project are helping us quite nicely. We started 
last year, a quite significant project on procurement. 

We made already quite significant progress here and as you know most of this contracts we have here aren't just 
supplier and our long-term project, so that of course also will help us in the mid and long term. Second quite significant 
program ongoing is logistics. We were able to consolidate our logistics in the U.S. and we will do it right now in 
Europe, which also will save us quite significant amounts especially with increasing volumes. So that is something 
where we feel very well on track. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Okay. Thank you. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director, Investor Relations 

With this I would like to close the conference call. There are no further questions. Thank you all for participating. We 
hope to welcome you again to our second quarter 2011 earnings conference call on Tuesday July 26, 2011. If you have 
any additional questions please do not hesitate to contact us. Again thank you very much and have a nice day. Bye. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes our conference for today. Thank you all for participating. You may all disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


