Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 
• Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 
• Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 
• Ronald Sackers 
Other Participants 

• Quintin Lai 
• Peter Lawson 
• Doug Schenkel 
• Holger Blum 
• Jing (Jody) Dai 
• Daniel Wendorff 
• Cornelia Thomas 
• Peter Welford 
• Maykin Ho 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Carrie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the QIAGEN Third Quarter 2009 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. After the 
speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the 
conference over to Dr. Solveigh Mähler. Thank you, Dr. Mähler. You may begin your conference. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Thank you very much, Carrie, and hello, everybody. Welcome to QIAGEN's Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference 
Call. I'm Solveigh Mähler, Director of Investor Relations at QIAGEN. With me on the call are QIAGEN's CEO, Peer 
Schatz; and QIAGEN's CFO, Roland Sackers. 

We issued a press release last night announcing QIAGEN's financial results for the third quarter ending September 30, 
2009, describing the company's recent business highlights. A copy of this announcement, as well as the presentation we 
will be using during this conference call, can be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our homepage at 
www.qiagen.com. 

This conference call will cover 30 minutes of presentation followed by a Q&A session. The time of the conference call 
is set at one hour. We therefore would like to ask you to please limit yourself to only two questions during the Q&A 
session. The call will be archived on our website. 

Before I turn over to Peer Schatz, please keep in mind that the following discussions and the response to your questions 
reflect management's view as of today, November 10, 2009. As you listen to the call, I encourage you to have our press 
release and presentation in front of you since our financial results and detailed commentaries are included and will 


correspond to the discussions that follow. 

As we share information today to help you better understand our business, it is important to keep in mind that we'll 
make statements and provide responses in the course of this conference call that state our intentions, beliefs, 
expectations or predictions of the future. These constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the Safe 
Harbor provision. 

These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause QIAGEN's actual results to 
differ materially from those projected. QIAGEN disclaims any intention or obligations to revise any forward-looking 
statements. In addition, certain statements contained in this presentation are based on company assumptions, including 
but not limited to revenue allocations based on business segment. For the description of such risks and uncertainties, 
please refer to the discussions in reports that QIAGEN has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Additionally, we will be discussing GAAP and non-GAAP measures. A full reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures 
to GAAP can be found in the press release on our website. 

With this, I would like to hand it over to Peer Schatz. Thank you. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Thank you, Solveigh. Well good afternoon everyone in Europe, and good morning to those joining from the 
U.S., and welcome to our third quarter 2009 conference call. 

QIAGEN continued to expand very successfully in the third quarter. The company recorded a high organic growth rate 
and exceeded all of the key targets we had guided for. Equally, our outlook is positive, allowing us to increase the 
mid-range of our EPS guidance for 2009. 

Net sales exceeded our targets and came in at a reported USD $260 million, thereby breaking through the mark to 
achieve an annualized USD $1 billion sales for the first time in the company's history. 

Organic growth came in strong with 15%. These 15% were once again fueled by 5% of sales contributed from products 
that we had launched in the trailing 12 months, therefore providing a testament to our strong underlying innovation 
engine. 

All of our markets are showing good growth. In particular, our sales to customers in molecular diagnostics showed 
organic 28% growth fueled by strong growth in sales of our personalized healthcare products including assays such as 
KRAS, and profiling, which includes influenza screening. Also, our sales of products in our prevention portfolio, which 
includes HPV screening, contributed strongly towards the impressive overall growth of our molecular diagnostic 
products. 

Our profitability increased to an adjusted operating margin of 31% and we recorded $0.26 per share in adjusted EPS at 
guidance rates $0.25, ahead of the guided range of 0.23 to $0.24 we provided in August. 

In general, our markets continue to show robust demand for our products and we expect strong trends also for the 
upcoming quarter and into 2010. 

The third quarter was once again a very exciting one for QIAGEN also in terms of our strategic development. We saw a 
lot of momentum and milestones in all customer segments. The DxS acquisition created leadership in companion 
diagnostics for personalized healthcare, and we expanded our partnership with the veterinary laboratory agency for 
veterinary tests. And yesterday, we announced a definitive agreement to buy SABiosciences, which we expect will be a 
very synergistic acquisition for us. But most importantly, we are driving our leading organic revenue growth by what is 
core to this industry -- innovation. This is demonstrated by our track record with 48 new products launched in the 
calendar 2009 and with 5% of our sales coming from products launched in the last 12 months. 


Before we go into more depth on some of the highlights, I will hand the call over to Roland for a discussion on the 
financials. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Peer. And good afternoon, everyone, in Europe, and good morning to those joining from the U.S. We are 
very pleased with the third quarter. Our numbers are indicative of our strong strategic and operational position. With a 
superior growth profile and double-digit organic growth, we feel we are well on track going into the fourth quarter and 
have solid footing for obtaining our goals for the fiscal year 2009. Financial results exceeded our expectations for all 
three key performance metrics: revenues, adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS, and thus growing our strong 
profitability. 

We reported sales for the third quarter of USD $260 million. Based on January 31, 2009, currency exchange rates, sales 
amounted to USD $246 million, thus exceeding our guided range of 235 to USD $245 million. We experienced a 
strong adjusted operating margin increase in the second quarter to 31%, exceeding the guidance of 29 to 30% we 
provided in August. 

The reported adjusted diluted earnings per share for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, increased to $0.26 per 
share. In fact, the adjusted EPS actually excludes $0.02 profit. $0.01 EPS profit led to the transfer of the Olerup SSP 
business, which was sold in July 2009, and another $0.01 profit related to acquisition-related income from Corbett in 
July 2008. Using January 31, 2009, currency exchange rates, adjusted EPS also exceeded our given guidance range of 

0.23 to $0.24. In fact, on the basis of guidance we had, adjusted EPS would have been $0.25. 
Our growth, particularly organic, remains very strong. Organic growth is adjusted for Pyrosequencing, which was 
acquired in the fourth quarter 2008. Based on the successful first nine months and our optimistic outlook for the 
remainder of the year, we are increasing the lower end of our fiscal year 2009 adjusted EPS range. I will provide more 
details later in the call on our fourth quarter assumptions. 

We recorded impressive top line growth in the third quarter. Adjusting for currency impact under constant exchange 
rates, net sales for the quarter would be approximately USD $269 million, reflecting a significant 16% growth over the 
comparable period in 2008. Including the currency impact, we still posted double-digit growth in revenues of 13%. Our 
adjusted operating income of USD $82 million showed 22% growth in comparison to the third quarter 2008, and as I 
already stated, in the third quarter our adjusted operating margin reflect a solid increase to 31%. 

As we are now nearing the end of 2009 with increasing revenues as well as increasing operating income each quarter, 
we are clearly on track with our guided operating margin range of 29% for the fiscal year. I would also like to reiterate 
that we anticipate about 50 to 100 basis points improvement in our adjusted operating margin year-over-year. This 
anticipated increase is largely due to the realization of efficiencies we have in our operating expenses, specifically in 
the G&A and sales and marketing areas. 

Our adjusted net income showed strong growth of 26% in comparison to the third quarter 2008 from approximately 
USD $42 million to USD $54 million. A contributing factor to the level of our net income is our commitment to 
balancing growth with cost alignment. While we have continued to invest heavily in innovation, we also have 
maintained a strong discipline to improve our efficiencies and extended capacities to enable future growth. 

In respect to adjusted diluted earnings per share, we recorded an increase to $0.26 per share up from $0.21 for the 
comparable quarter in 2008, reflecting 24% growth. 

Moving on to our revenue distribution for the third quarter, we continued to show solid growth across all product 
portfolios. The growth in consumables in sample and assay technologies grew under constant currencies at 16% over 
the comparable period in the prior year. Particularly, our PCR and genomic DNA products, as well as microRNA 
products that contributed to our growth in the consumables groups this past quarter. Overall, consumables accounted 
for approximately 86% of total revenues. 


QIAGEN's Instrumentation business recorded a growth rate of 23% under constant currencies. This product, such as 
QIAcube, QIAsymphony and the Rotor-Gene Q, providing significant contributions to this group overall revenue. 

Turning to the geographic breakdown on the right hand side of Slide Six. Net sales in the Americas for the quarter 
represented 51% of our overall business and recorded a growth rate of 15% under constant currencies, while European 
sales, which represent 35% of our total revenues, showed a growth rate at 24% at constant currencies. Sales in Asia, 
especially China, remains strong with a growth rate of 37% at constant currencies and represents 11% of our total 
revenues. 

Throughout the quarter, we saw strong demand in all markets and all geographic regions. Peer will delve more into the 
outlook in our markets later on the call. 

The next slide shows the development of our organic growth rate in the third quarter. We had an impressive 15% 
organic growth rate this quarter. Our organic growth rate remains to be at the top end of our industry. Growth in new 
products coupled with very good growth in terms of volume led to sales for molecular diagnostics growing organically 
by approximately 28%. With that, the HPV portfolio remains a strong contributor. 

The impressive molecular diagnostic growth was largely due by our performance in profiling, with flu testing coming 
in strong and our personalized healthcare segment with KRAS and prevention with HPV testing going well. Going 
forward, stripping out seasonal effects such as may be the case with flu testing this year, we expect to show steady 
state, double-digit organic growth driven primarily by volume increases in our core products, as well as new product 
introductions. 

On Slide Eight, here adjustments that deserve some further elucidations include operating income of which 
approximately USD $28 million is adjusted for factors such as business integration, purchased intangible amortization, 
share-based compensation and share charges related to the DxS acquisition. Also of note is a net income adjustment for 
the extraordinary gain from the Olerup divestiture and acquisition of related income from Corbett in July 2008. You 
will find a detailed setup of these adjustments in our appendices to this presentation and at the end of our earnings press 
release. 

As you recall, in September, we completed a public follow-on offering of 31.6 million shares with net proceeds of USD 
$623.5 million including greenshoe, but after offering-related expenses. While this financing was used to fund the DxS 
acquisition, its primary objective was to provide us with the strategic flexibility for expansion whether in terms of 
licensing, patents or M&A activities, and serve as an important means to strengthen our balance sheet. 

In this discussion, I believe that it would be helpful to give you some of the important metrics we evaluate in respect to 
potential future acquisitions. If you look back, you will see that most of our acquisitions are accretive within 12 to 18 
months. In addition, potential acquisitions must be catalytic and support QIAGEN's internal initiatives. Our two recent 
announcements regarding the acquisition of DxS and SABiosciences are a good example of this strategy. Both will be 
accretive within the short term and the DxS acquisition catalyze our initiatives in personalized healthcare and 
companion diagnostics while the SABiosciences acquisition serves as a growth engine to our biomarker diagnostic 
applications with our pharma customers. Peer will talk more about this later on the call. 

Moving on, I'll spend a minute highlighting the key figures from our cash flow and balance sheet now. In the third 
quarter 2009, our operating cash flow increased to approximately USD $77 million from approximately USD $32 
million in the third quarter 2008. This strong operating cash flow results mainly from working capital management and 
increased income. 

With regards to amortization and depreciation, this figure includes components from the Digene acquisition and the 
2008 acquisitions from Corbett and Biotage. At September 30, 2009, we had cash on hand of approximately USD $861 
million, which does not include the proceeds from the greenshoe. 

I would also like to address a few metrics relating to our liquidity and capital structure. Highlighting our strong 
liquidity position is our equity ratio of 59% and the net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of 0.3. 

With that, I hand back to Peer. 


Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Thanks, Roland. And as always, starting with Slide 11, some highlights and more detail. Slide 12 shows the 
typical overview of our markets. I will start with molecular diagnostics representing about 50% of our sales where the 
momentum is particularly high. Our organic growth rate was 28% here. 

In the area of product for prevention, we are rapidly moving towards the initiation of our landmark clinical trials for our 
next generation screening platform, the QIAensemble, and the next generation of HPV screening and genotyping tests 
that will be running on the QIAensemble. We expect to start the trial in several weeks, certainly before the end of the 
year. We will have an update on the trial at our analyst day in February. 

We advanced very well on QIAensemble evolution package, which upgrades the existing unmatched performance of 
the Hybrid Capture screening assays into a fully automated workflow using the QIAsymphony SP for the sample 
preparation and adding a de-capping station. We announced first data, which was very good and the systems are 
available already in the first countries. 

In terms of profiling-oriented product, influenza screening, as Roland says, continues to be the most significant driver. 
With the current concern over H1N1, we are playing a key role in the flu screening effort worldwide and growth is 
strong here in profiling across the board as well. In the area of personalized healthcare, our growth continues very 
strong also here also catalyzed by our acquisition of DxS, but more on this a little later on our call. 

We also announced yesterday a very interesting transaction -- our intention to acquire SABiosciences. We believe this 
will be a highly synergistic transaction with our activities in pharma development and also building on a great engine 
for a molecular diagnostic platform going forward. Also more here later in the call. 

In applied testing, we have some very exciting developments in particular in veterinary testing. Most of you know that 
we have a leading position in molecular veterinary testing and we just announced an expansion of our portfolio in 
partnership with the VLA. Some of these veterinary tests can actually have revenue potentials which exceed those of 
human diagnostic tests and they run on the same platforms using the same sample and assay technologies. In academia, 
we're seeing solid growth with stimulus benefits expected for 2010. 

Turning to the next slide. A particularly interesting highlight in Q3 was the acquisition of DxS at which point we also 
unveiled what had been our laboratory-based molecular diagnostic strategy for quite some time. We outlined what we 
internally call the 3 "P" Framework, which segments our molecular diagnostic strategy into prevention, profiling and 
personalized healthcare. 

These are the three pillars on which we have built our acquisition and development strategy, which started five years 
ago. With the acquisition of DxS, we have created market leadership and personalized healthcare molecular diagnostics 
and therefore, now that we were able to achieve this leadership in all three segments, were able to disclose this 3 "P" 
Framework. 

As you can see, the pillars are defined by the patient needs and are linked to the appropriate laboratory testing and 
platform formats with QIAGEN products covering early disease detection based on routing screening and prevention to 
diagnostic confirmation with profiling assays, to therapy guidance and personalized healthcare. All key molecular 
diagnostic areas are linked by our assay technologies and to our instrumentation platforms. 

This is a key framework for our molecular diagnostics strategy, with revenues which account for over 50% of our sales. 
You can see that through either our currently available product or product in the pipeline, we have the foundation 
needed to create and capitalize on significant new avenues for future growth in molecular diagnostics for many years to 
come. 

Turning to Slide 14. The last pillar that we addressed was personalized healthcare, as I just said. We addressed this one 
last as it is still developing but momentum has increased significantly in the last few months. First, here are some 
definitions as everyone uses these terms slightly differently: personalized healthcare we define as the combined use of 


companion diagnostics and therapeutics. And companion diagnostics are tests used to guide the use of specific drugs 
that are typically developed in partnerships with pharmaceutical companies. 

So why now? Recent regulatory changes significantly changed how personalized healthcare is being perceived. 
Previously, personalized healthcare was equivalent to talking about reduced market potentials. Now, personalized 
healthcare is seen as a way to create improved profiles of drugs. 

Turning to Slide 15. QIAGEN has been in this market actually for quite some time. Actually, the sales and personalized 
healthcare at QIAGEN were larger than those of DxS prior to the merger. However, the combination creates a very 
unique leader as DxS brings a very strong pipeline and a number of very important new tests to QIAGEN. There is a 
small overlap in product, primarily in KRAS testing but this simply increases options for pharma partners. 

Today, QIAGEN has a very exciting position in this rapidly emerging field as the market and technology leader in 
companion diagnostics with the leading portfolio of companion diagnostic tests. We have over 20 personalized 
healthcare assays in our offering, multiple technology platforms and a very strong pipeline. We have excellent access to 
the pharmaceutical industry. Combined, we have more than 15 partnerships with pharmaceutical companies around 
major drugs, more than 10 partnerships in oncology, and we bring independence, i.e., we are not in pharma ourselves 
and do not want to be so. We thereby ensure that any relationship will be conflict free. 

We have a specialized sales force in molecular diagnostics in companion diagnostics with more than 450 people in 
sales and marketing in this area. Excellent basis for a future expansion and growth with leading technologies in 
research and development, service infrastructure for pharma development and an install base of platforms around the 
world, which is one of the leading in our class. 

We also have world-class capabilities in an organization to ensure success in the development programs and we have 
received excellent and very positive responses from the pharmaceutical industry as we're not going out and talking to 
our partners about our enlarged strength. 

Turning to Slide 16. The DxS transaction is not only strategically very important; it is also financially quite attractive. 
It is expected to add $30 million approximately to 2010 sales and to contribute accretion in 2011. The dilution in 2010 
comes primarily from significant accelerations in product reformatting to allow a fast migration of their screen assays 
to our QIAsymphony platform, including the Rotor-Gene Q PCR cycler. 

Turning to Slide 17. You know we always said that pharma is very important to us, and yes the growth rates currently 
in the overall pharma market are not very high, but we sell sample and assay technologies to almost all pharma and 
Biotech companies in the world, and we have very strong partnerships in this area across discovery and development 
chain. I believe most of you know this development and regulatory process and its phases very well. It starts with 
discovery and ends with an improved drug and follow-on studies. 

On the bottom half of this slide, we illustrate the biomarker companion diagnostics process as well to show how they 
match up. QIAGEN has a superb and leading presence in sample and assay technologies from discovery right through 
to companion diagnostics. What I would like to highlight on this slide is that the discovery to development process 
starts with many biomarkers and mostly narrows down the number of such biomarkers used in the development 
process. 

Way to the right, our personalized healthcare diagnostics are increasingly used in the later clinical development phases 
and then in routine companion diagnostics use. To the left, are sample and assay technologies for the life science 
research markets are used primarily. 

And now moving to Slide 18. This is exactly where the acquisition of SABiosciences fits in. While QIAGEN has an 
offering to sell its sample and assay technologies in formats that allow customers to address any molecular biomarker, 
we wanted to expand our offering to offer formats that include complete panels that cover the whole molecular pathway 
or cover a whole disease. 

On the left you can see, for instance, the EGFR pathway. That is the basis of several of our personalized healthcare 
assays such as some of the assays that we acquired with the acquisition of DxS. Customers can basically now buy 


panels that are formatted to cover all the genes along this pathway including, for instance, KRAS, and run their samples 
against them to find patterns that might highlight specific biomarkers or combinations thereof to profile their discovery 
assumptions or validate those in pre-clinical or even clinical settings, and those biomarkers could be of diagnostic value 
as well. 

By supplying disease and pathway focus panels for biomedical and pharma activities in discovery and pre-clinical, 
QIAGEN can therefore contribute to the discovery and validation engines of biomedical and pharma companies. This 
can lead to collaborations around creating fast-tracks to new diagnostic content for prevention and profiling diagnostics 
as spin-offs of pharma or personalized healthcare diagnostics as their primary target. As such, the pending acquisition 
of SABiosciences will be highly synergistics with our diagnostic strategy and can be seen as a significant contribution 
of our engine to expand our content portfolio, our diagnostic menu. 

If you turn to Slide 19, you see this rationale in a different format. On the left, you see a high-level menu screenshot 
from the SABiosciences website. There are dozens of preformatted panels with PCR-based assays that cover disease 
areas or pathways. SABiosciences' expertise and value therefore lies in the creation of panels incorporating the newest 
biomedical knowledge for diseases and pathways and for making this knowledge available as PCR-based assay panels. 
The panels cover genetic expression, microRNA and epigenetic assays. 

Turning to Slide 20, this heavy focus on cutting-edge biomedical knowledge is also one of the reasons why almost half 
of the employees hold PhDs. As you can see on Slide 20, SABiosciences is, by the way, located very close to our 
headquarters in Germantown and Gaithersburg, Maryland which we expect will facilitate the integration quite a bit. 

On the left side, you see what the first step is in the process. It is the bioinformatics and assay panel selection tool on 
the top, which is a key value of the company. The product is actually a tube or a plate containing QIAGEN sample and 
assay technologies, which are combined with the designed assay components from SABiosciences. The customers can 
run this product on QIAGEN instruments or others if they so choose. 

We expect this transaction to contribute about $24 million in 2010 sales and to contribute to sales growth, and after 
2011 to adjusted earnings growth. So, while this transaction is somewhat more complex in its rationale than DxS, I 
hope these slides contributed to helping you to see why we are so excited about this transaction as well. 

With this I will hand over to Roland again for the financial outlook. 

Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer 

Our financial expectations overall for the fourth quarter are outlined here on Slide 21. Despite some lingering 
uncertainties in the global economy, we believe we are on solid footing for the rest of the year. 

For the fourth quarter 2009, we are guiding revenues between 250 and USD $260 million at guidance rate, which 
translates to 265 to USD $275 million using actual currency rates. We expect growth in the fourth quarter to continue 
to be driven by strong performance in molecular diagnostics. 

We expect for the fourth quarter an adjusted operating margin in the realm of 30% and adjusted earnings per share to 
be between 21 and $0.22 based on January 31, 2009 exchange rates. Note this is using the weighted average number of 
fully diluted shares outstanding of 241 million shares, thus including those on the equity offering. 

In terms of adjustments to operating income, we expect pre-tax 123R expenses between two and USD $3 million. 
Amortization of acquired IP of approximately USD $18 million. Business integration-related charges from acquisitions 
including Corbett, SABiosciences and DxS of nine to USD $10 million. 

In addition, in Q4 we expect an after-tax net gain of approximately five to seven million due to profit from the sale of a 
minority holding in Handy Lab to Becton, Dickinson and Company offset by various charges including intellectual 
property litigation. 


This quarter, our adjusted tax rate was 29%, in line with the second quarter, as well as the comparable quarter last year. 
And going forward with the fourth quarter, we believe this to be similar in the range between 27 and 30%. The 
weighted average number of fully diluted shares outstanding will be around 241 million shares. 

This next slide merely is a good visual to demonstrate our pre- and post-equity offering net income EPS development 
on a quarterly basis more graphically. 

For fiscal 2009, we expect to come in well above USD $1 billion in revenues under constant exchange rates. We are 
also listing the lower end of the EPS range by $0.02. Taking under consideration a higher average share count now of 
240 million shares outstanding for fiscal 2009, our previous guidance would be equated to a range of $0.86 to $0.90. 
However, we feel given our strong profitability for the nine months to date, we are able to lift the lower end of this 
range to $0.88 to $0.90. 

With that, I would like to hand back to Peer. 

Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer 

Yeah. Thanks, Roland. We're very pleased to be able to report one more quarter in which we exceeded our guidance. 
Underlying trends are strong and the company is performing well. Organic growth rate of 15% and our operating 
margin of 31% are industry leading. At the same time, the strategic momentum with QIAGEN is very strong. 
Effectively, we increased the mid-range of our EPS guidance and are very excited about the opportunities in front of us. 

And with that, I will hand back to Solveigh. 

Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Yeah. Thank you very much, Peer. We are now looking forward to discussing your questions. I would like to open the 
Q&A session by handing over to the operator. Carrie? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi. Congratulations on a very nice quarter. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Quintin. Thanks. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Let's first talk a little bit about the end markets. The commentary you made about academia and 
pharma, sounds like the pharma continues to get sequential improvement and could you talk a little about that? And 
then with academia, what are the – now that you've got – starting to see some of the NI stimulus, what's your outlook 
for 2010 and 2011 globally for how those funds are expected to flow to you? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Great. I'll – if I may, I'll start with the second part of the question first. 
The – with hindsight, I think we made the right choice a few months ago to be very conservative on our outlook on 
stimulus inflow. We intend to keep that policy until we actually see money hit the market. As we all know, this has 
hardly happened or it's hardly expected to happen this year. There might be some inflow in Q4, but the expectation is if 
it comes it will be more meaningful in 2010. 

The numbers that we guided for are conservative but with a low double-digit million dollar number, but it is, again, 
something that we want to be very conservative about because to date I think very few people have actually seen 
money in their bank accounts and until that happens we prefer to remain somewhat conservative. There might be a 


trickle in to 2011, it could actually be bigger depending on how quickly the processing works and the grants continue to 
be reissued, but again, also here I think it – we're well advised to be conservative on this. 

The academic markets in the United States are about 12% of our sales, 12, 13% of our sales, in that range, half of our 
academic sales, which are about 24%. 

The first part of the question in the pharmaceutical industry, we're definitely seeing a continued soft market in 
discovery, but it did improve over the last few quarters sequentially and the development market, however, is doing 
very well and is growing at double-digit growth rates. On average, the pharma market is in the mid to higher 
single-digit growth rates but it's really a very mixed bag of different types of activities. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: There, then one question with respect to your acquisition and strategy, the three Ps. A lot of focus 
on genetics-based type of testing -- epigenetics, genotyping, expression, microRNA. With you increasing biomarker 
discovery and then clinical applications, where do proteins fit in that for you? And can you talk a little bit about your 
capabilities on that side? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: All right. Sure, Quintin. A good question. We could imagine going 
forward that there are diagnostic opportunities that will require both a molecular and a protein angle. To date, the pure 
molecular market is still vast and has huge opportunities for a pure molecular approach. We have however prepared for 
potential combination assays in that most of our platforms, actually all of them, have a protein analysis and preparation 
capability. So the QIAsymphony also has multiple protein processing protocols and the QIAensemble system, for 
instance, can also do very high throughput protein detection, immunoassay detection. And the same is also true -- we 
have protocols on real-time cycles for protein detection. So there is that capability right now, it just simply has not – 
there's not really a market area where the combination has been very forcefully pursued. This could change going 
forward as we get more knowledge about interactions between various biomolecules including proteins as well. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thank you. Congratulations again. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Quintin. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Lawson with Thomas Weisel. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Hi, Peer. Just wonder if you could go look some of the dynamics you're seeing in the HPV 
market, share gains or losses and pricing and whether you saw quarter-over-quarter growth. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Oh yeah, growth has been very good in our prevention portfolio, also in 
our HPV screening product lines. We've seen very robust and in some cases even accelerating growth rates in this 
space. I think it is very clear we've been very open and clear about our performance profile of our assay and our 
capabilities, also what we intend to bring forward. We talked about this in the last call, and the market has recognized 
that, just now the evidence that we came out with the evolution package which I kind of like buried in one of the slides 
here today, but we actually have now the complete automation for the Hybrid Capture product out there, and that is 
going now through a regulatory process as we talked about previously and in certain countries it's already available 
now, and it is spectacular. 

You've probably – some of you have seen data at a very recent event and we'll show more data at AMP in a few days. 
So the fact that we're just – we're very open and honest about our superior performance and actively also delivering on 
our R&D pipeline has actually put us in a very strong position and we think that this is also very well-recognized by 
customers. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Then just a question for Roland. You've done a phenomenal job with operating margins over the 
last six years. Where can they head? 


<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, thanks. As I said during the call, I still see a lot of areas where 
we can even do better going forward. So margin improvement, somewhere between 50 and 100 basis points 
year-over-year for the next couple of years, let's say three, four years, I think is very feasible for us. There's no reason 
why we shouldn't gain even more efficiencies out of all of the investments we've made especially over the last 12 and 
18 months in sales and marketing activities and sales and marketing headcounts, and we're just seeing here the first 
leverage coming through. So I'm quite optimistic on that as well. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: And just to follow up on sort of the visibility into 2010, should we think about sort of the typical 
10 to 13% organic growth continuing? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, we are definitely seeing a strong momentum in organic growth. If 
you look at the past 12, four, eight – or 12 quarters, you've actually seen remarkably stable organic growth rate 
hovering from 10 to 15% and there might be smaller quarter-over-quarter changes, but we expect a very strong 
continuing trend also into 2010. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Okay. Thank you so much. Congratulations on the quarter. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Peter. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Doug Schenkel with Cowen. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. Sales in Europe really picked up this 
quarter in what is typically not a seasonally strong quarter. Any chance you could just talk a little bit about what's been 
driving that performance across different end-markets and/or product classes? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. We actually had a very strong performance in the molecular 
diagnostics profiling area that did quite well, also in prevention, but in particular in profiling. And the uptake of the 
QIAsymphony platforms now with the menu that has been CE marked for that system and the expanded portfolio of 
options customers now have has been doing very well. As you noticed, we also CE marked some of the higher 
sequencing-based products, most notably the KRAS test a few months ago and Europe is clearly ahead of the curve in 
being able to access these product because of a much more streamlined and simplified regulatory process. So I think 
this is – could be indicative of what an enlarged menu can mean, and as you know we're clearly working towards that 
also in the United States. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Okay. That's helpful. And then regarding the recent acquisitions, SABiosciences and DxS, how 
should investors evaluate the success of these deals over say the next six, 12 and 18 months beyond just the financial 
goals that you outlined when you completed these deals? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Excellent question. I think one of the ways – if you look at the past 
acquisitions, they very often because they merge with a internal initiative that in the case of DxS is almost comparable 
in size, what we always want to achieve is certain catalytic event where our internal initiatives are boosted by an 
outside acquisition and create enlarged mass, but also enlarged capabilities. So going forward, how I would measure 
that is the ability for QIAGEN to develop within personalized healthcare and companion diagnostics. You can measure 
that on the string of submissions that we do to the FDA. There are a number planned as you know. You can look at 
novel partnerships of which we have quite a few that are in the pipeline that we're working on. 

And the – also the -- in the case of SABiosciences, basically the way that we can start feeding validation of the content 
into our diagnostic pipelines, that is a more difficult one to measure on the short-term because it -- if you were talking 
about a more medium-term strategy, to use our pharma and academic customers to help us validate biological content 
by the fact that we're giving them whole panels that they can blast against their samples to see what starts creating an 
interesting noise. This is a more long-term approach but on the personalized healthcare acquisition of DxS, I think this 
is more near-term and more visible. Obviously we will have – the financial accretion is now on the table that we put 


forward. We've made expectations for that and that will also be financially measurable in the year 2011, both 
transactions. 

<Q - Doug Schenkel>: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking the questions. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Doug. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Holger Blum with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Yeah. Hi. Holger Blum, Deutsche Bank. Just one question on the segment organic growth. If 
you're planning a 28% in molecular diagnostics and with your pharma customers in the mid to high single-digit, that 
implies that for your other two divisions you have no close or maybe even declines organically. Could you maybe 
comment there on organic growth and how that has evolved over the course of this year? Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Holger. Thanks for the question. I think there must be some kind of a 
switch in the numbers there. Roland, do you want to run through that? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, sure. Now, as we said on the press release Holger, we did have 
roughly 28% for molecular and I said pharma was in the mid to single-digit area for overall pharma, applied testing and 
academia were also in the mid to higher single-digit area. So overall we're actually quite pleased with all different 
customer segments, and different customer end markets. And we also do believe going now into the end of the year 
there will be no significant change. 

Clearly molecular diagnostics was a strong driver and that's not going to change. And as we also said on the call for 
2010, even if we didn't give here so far too optimistic an outlook but I do believe there will be additional funds coming 
into this academic environment, clearly going to boost here also stimulus packages. It's actually by the way, which is 
not only going to happen in the U.S. We see also stimulus packages in other countries as well as you know. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Okay. But then shouldn't then be organic growth for the group be more than 15%? Shouldn't it 
be... 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, it's nicely rounded, actually down. So if you do the math you 
will actually see it's even – to be precise about 15. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: If you run the math you'll see that there's a rounding -- take academic 
and pharma at mid single digits and apply it to testing can be double digit. It's a smaller percent, it's only 7% of sales. 
You'll see that the rounding still works to 15. 

<Q - Holger Blum>: Great. Thanks. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Isaac Ro with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Jing (Jody) Dai>: Hi. This is actually Jody Dai in for Isaac. Thanks for taking our questions. First of all, one 
question regarding the acquisition of SABiosciences. Can you comment on the gross margins at this company? And 
what opportunities do you see both immediate and long term to improve the profitability of this business, thanks to 
your scale and panel reach? Separately, what geographic and end market mix does this company have? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Very good questions. Roland, do you want to take the gross margin 
question? 


<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, sure. No, gross margin for them is actually quite similar to our 
overall company gross margin. So I don't expect that there will be a significant change to our overall gross margin. And 

– but of course coming from a – they're coming with a totally different growth rate here. As we said, they're going to 
$24 million in revenues next year, and then a significant increase even above that. So an absolute number of course is 
driving, but relatively comparable to the QIAGEN group. 
<Q - Jing (Jody) Dai>: Yeah. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: And the – sorry... 

<Q - Jing (Jody) Dai>: Would you also provide some color on the geographic breakdown and the end markets? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. The revenue mix was – is about 15/85. So 15% outside the States 
and 85% inside the States. And here you can clearly see there's a huge opportunity to take this to our pharma and 
personalized medicine partners very quickly. 

<Q - Jing (Jody) Dai>: Okay. And secondly, on HPV specifically, and molecular biology, I'm sorry, diagnostic in 
general, what's your sales and marketing strategies in the various European countries as a result of either local 
regulations or customer-specific demands? We're just curious about how that informs your competitive advantages over 
new entrants. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Europe continues to be a very mixed bag of different dynamics, 
very dynamic in most countries. We actually won quite a few very significant tenders over the course of the last three 
months that were larger government organized screening programs. And so the whole reason why people are doing that 
right now is they're making last stage investments of the feasibility of actually conducting large-scale screening. In 
some cases, as we know, it's primary screening. So things are moving ahead quite quickly, and we are continuing to 
work on the reimbursement front quite actively to see if we can get reimbursement, at least in the private areas, to 
accelerate. So this is always a long process, but we're taking this one country at a time with a specific task force. 

<Q - Jing (Jody) Dai>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes Daniel Wendorff with Commerzbank. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Good afternoon, everybody. And a few questions if I may. And starting with a more general 
one regarding your growth contributions from your products, it was rather quite high at 5% in the third quarter. I was 
wondering if that rate is sustainable with your current rate of acquisitions to stay this way? Can you give us a bit more 
color on that one? And then also a follow-up question on the HPV testing business. If I recall that right when you did 
the Digene acquisition and you also had in mind that with the HPV DNA test you get a better positioning with clinical 
laboratories also in order to sell the remaining portfolio of your products. Has this strategy worked out? And maybe 
lastly, on the margin side, you already mentioned 50 to 100 basis points improvement for year over the next four years 
would be possible. Is that due to shift in product mix? Or is it that you believe you can save more money on the G&A 
and sales and marketing side? Thank you. 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: I should start this last question, Peer you take the first one. In terms 
of profitability, as we promised over the last two years and I think also delivered over the last two years is that we do 
believe there's a significant opportunity for QIAGEN in leveraging especially operation expenses. This is also mainly 
the driver going forward. We heavily invested into sales and marketing, we're also investing in R&D, but we also have 
a great outcome out of that. You just mentioned by yourself, you have clearly industry leading output on growth 
coming from new products and as we also do believe that is also the case going forward. 


But more important, is clearly a potential leverage in SG&A, it's clearly a key driver for us. Small additional 
profitability is clearly – our additional profitability is also coming of course from the gross margin side. We do believe 
that the product mix going forward is the strongest share in molecular going forward. Also, price increases as in the 
past year-over-year, we do also see here certain contribution. But – so overall this is something where we think we – 
we do have a very defined execution plan and we're going to work on that for the next few years. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Daniel, the first two questions, number one is, acquisitions shouldn't 
really distort our focus on innovation; this is always the first and foremost focus that we have. The 4% number goes 
back now almost four years every quarter and over the last few quarters actually went to five. It is sustainable. The 
pipeline is very full and we have some blockbuster products coming out next year. Just make one example, we're next 
year going to be able to launch late next year, a certain element target of our next generation HPV screening program – 
product in Europe and some of these products alone are good for quite significant portions of these 5% that we want to 
achieve. So there's a big pipeline for next year as well and the acquisitions have actually helped us accelerate that in the 
past and not really impacted it negatively. So it has been a big focus of ours and it paid off as we see it in the numbers. 

Number two is the QIAensemble evolution package, i.e. the upgrading of the current Hybrid Capture 2 HPV screening 
product by adding automation to it and we all had discussed a year ago or two years ago problems with sample 
preparation. Well, happy to announce that we have fantastic solutions for that now, and they're available subject to 
regulatory approval in certain countries already today. And we're going through the various processes required also in 
the U.S. They completely automate the process and put it into a level of automation, which I haven't seen on anything 
right now even on the horizon that are quite a good throughput. 

Now these systems can also run real time PCR as we are basically hot-wiring the QIAsymphony franchise with the 
prevention franchise of today, the Rapid Capture system, and we are seeing customers saying that we're going to use 
these now for two years and then go over to the next gen systems as they come online, and then we'll use the 
QIAsymphonies for the real time PCR portfolio which is rapidly emerging in those laboratories. Or some of them are 
actually doing both tests on one QIAsymphony. So this is definitely working that we're being able -- we have a position 
to broaden our position in laboratories based on these multi-purpose instruments. 

<Q - Daniel Wendorff>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Cornelia Thomas with WestLB. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Hi. Good afternoon. I've got one follow-up question on the HPV testing in Europe. I was just 
wondering, you'd said that you have won some tenders in various countries in Europe. Could you specify which 
countries these are? And sort of give a more general idea on where things are in which country, in terms of usage of the 
HPV tests and reimbursement and probably also guidelines for testing, HPV testing? 

And the second question is just a pure calculation question actually. If I look at your adjusted EPS guidance for Q4, 
that's 0.21 to $0.22, and add that to what you've achieved in the first nine months, $0.69, then I end up with full-year 
2009 adjusted EPS of 0.90 to $0.91, whereas you're guiding for 0.88 to $0.90. Could you just clarify where that 
discrepancy comes from? Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Roland, do you want to take the second part and I'll take the first? 

<A - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: If you take the first one first, I'm fine to do the second. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, good. Well, in principle we haven't really had a policy up to now 
to really announce individual tenders. I can say we're closing well into the hundreds of contracts constantly also this 
year, winning tenders left and right, and have many successes in this space. We haven't really seen meaningful 
competition and while we're heavily competing against other companies in Europe, for instance, our platform clearly is 
seen as a superior platform and we're taking the wins. 


At the same time, it's very difficult to go country by country. I'd say we had some wins in almost every country, but 
they're very different. And every country is so individual. If you talk about the intricacies of France versus the UK 
versus Italy for instance, will be very, very different. And what we're seeing is we're seeing three clusters: there're the 
primary screening clusters, which we talked about the Netherlands but also a few other countries; we see the coast 
screening clusters that have guidelines in place, but reimbursement is not yet up and running. Germany is such an 
example, also Scandinavia; and we have a group of countries that are still only doing ASC-US reflex screening like the 
UK So there are different types of countries and all of them have their own dynamics. I think it would go beyond – it 
would need quite some time to go through every one of them. I could try to see if this is something for the Analyst Day 
maybe that we could go into. It is very exciting, but it... 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: I'm just trying to get a handle on what your progress is in Europe because it doesn't seem like 
-- there seems that there's much movement, but I guess a lot of this we are actually not seeing, there's a lot under the 
radar screen that's happening. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well we showed 28% growth in molecular diagnostics and we said that 
HPV is doing very well. So I'd say it's a little bit more than no movement. I think we are definitely seeing a lot of steps 
very successfully being completed but this is not something that is digital that happens overnight. And therefore, I'd be 
happy to show you what we're doing in each country. We have advocacy teams, reimbursement teams, we have 
marketing teams, we have people working on the lobbying side to help people understand the value of what we're 
doing. So all of these things are in motion and they're just happening and you see it on the numbers that are actually 
growing very nicely that something is happening. But I'd have to go country by country and show you what we actually 
achieved to make you be able to measure that. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Ronald Sackers>: And your last question, Cornelia, one of these U.S. GAAP things. Of course with the capital 
contribution the average number for the fiscal year 2009 is 240 million shares. We have so far for the nine-month, of 
course, we could still use 205 million shares. So there is a difference. So you really have to in a fiscal year divide it by 
net income divide it by 240 million shares so that makes the impact also for a certain numbers of the first nine months. 

<Q - Cornelia Thomas>: Oh, okay-I see. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Ronald Sackers>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Peter Welford with Jefferies. 

<Q - Peter Welford>: Hi. Two rather boring questions for Roland, I'm afraid. Firstly, I was hoping he could through 
the Becton, Dickinson point again he made in just a bit more details on what happened there and what we should – and 
was that five to seven million net of the numbers he was receiving for the guidance before Q? And then secondly, 
probably for Roland, is on the use of the proceeds. You have a fairly onerous debt obligation outstanding. I don't know 
whether or not you're going to disclose any funds to downpay that, but can you suppose give us some views on your 
thoughts as to what you can see potentially doing with the cash with regards to credit facility over the coming months. 
Thank you. 

<Q - Roland Sackers, Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, sure. Let me start with the last question and [inaudible] 
probably Peer's going to add on that as well. Next year we have to adjust to regular pay down by USD $50 million. It's 
one pay down we're also going to do. We are not planning so far to do even actual awaited pay downs in our existing 
debt structure. I'm referring now to all the credit facilities amounts. Right now to USD $475 million. Of course, as you 
know, we have a very attractive financing in place. We pay something like LIBOR plus 50 basis points, around that. So 
it wouldn't be a wise decision to paid out that earlier, especially given the pipeline on M&A possibilities that we see 
right now and accretive transactions, also for execution into 2010. 


On your first question, yes we did have a minority share in Handy Lab and this was forward from our Dutch entity, it's 
also tech. We, again for us, so therefore we clearly think there is an opportunity for us in the fourth quarter to have 
some extraordinary again. We're actually going to adjust for that so it's not part of our adjusted EPS guidance by the 
way so we're going to execute that. On the other hand, we also have some potential litigation charges coming up but 
after all we still believe it will be a quite significant, positive impact for us in the fourth quarter, somewhere between 
five to seven million after tax. 

<Q - Peter Welford>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your last question comes from Maykin Ho with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Maykin Ho>: Hi, Peer. I have a question about your... 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Maykin. 

<Q - Maykin Ho>: Hello, can you hear me? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, great. 

<Q - Maykin Ho>: Oh, sorry. I have a question about your Asian business. I noticed in the last couple of quarters it's 
been growing very fast, granted it is a small slice of the pie at this point but if we look at the growth rate, maybe in the 
next few years it could be a quarter of the business. Is that a too optimistic a view? And why is it growing so fast in the 
last six months or so? 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Well in Asia we have a complete portfolio now of life science and 
molecular diagnostics products and are active on a number of fronts there to expand the use of these products. The 
growth rate was 37% on a constant exchange rate in the third quarter, it's 11% of our sales. Question, could this grow to 
a quarter? Well we all know that the market in Asia, and particularly China, will be one of the largest healthcare 
markets for the next decade, and this is something that we feel prepared for, to capture as we continue to grow our base 
there. 

But if you take the numbers, the 37% a few years into the future, it definitely becomes a larger slice. It's tough to 
project. It jumps a little bit because we have some screening programs that we're working on in some countries that 
would immediately be larger components, but they, you know the 20% number would be a good target over the next 
three, four, five years. 

<Q - Maykin Ho>: Having just come back from China, I think certainly it is a very exciting time there. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, and thank you for your visit there. It is definitely, it's an extremely 
exciting and dynamic environment with a very strong recognition of preventions, disease preventions. We're very 
active in that space with our HPV screening and chlamydia, but also HIV and HCV and blood screening and other 
products there. But also very active in the disease surveillance, for instance of H1N1, where we have a very active role 
and are the prime supplier to the Chinese CDC. 

<Q - Maykin Ho>: Yeah. Great. Thank you. 

<A - Peer Schatz, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We have reached our allotted time for questions. I will now turn the conference back to Dr. Mähler. 


Dr. Solveigh Mähler, Director Investor Relations 

Thank you very much, Carrie. With this I would like to close this conference call by thanking you all for participating. 
We hope to welcome you again to our Fourth Quarter Full Year 2009 Results Conference Call on Tuesday, February 9, 
2010. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. Again, thank you very much, and have 
a nice day. Bye, bye. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


