Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Michael A. George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz 
Other Participants 

• Doug Mitchelson 
• Barton Crockett 
• Thomas Eagan 
• John Malone 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Kit Spring 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Scott Devitt 
• Dan O'Connell 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future 
financial performance, new service and product launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in the market 
acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, continued access to capital on terms 
acceptable to Liberty Media, and the completion of Liberty's bond tender offer on the terms announced or at all. These 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to 
reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Liberty Media, 
including the most recent forms 10-Q and 10-K for additional information about Liberty Media and about the risks and 
uncertainties related to Liberty Media's business, which may affect the statements made in this presentation. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. The required definitions and a consolidation can 
be found at the end of this presentation. 

And now for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, and thank you all for joining us this morning and for your interest in Liberty Media. Today we're going to 
discuss the results of our businesses for the quarter by tracker. We'll review operating performance at our controlled 
subsidiaries, cover transactions that we have done, and other developments. Liberty's controller, Chris Shean, will 
discuss the attributed businesses' financial results and the liquidity picture for each of our three trackers; QVC CEO 
Mike George will discuss recent events and developments at QVC; and Starz Entertainment President and COO Bill 
Myers will review certain events at Starz. Also on the call today we have QVC CFO Dan O'Connell, Starz CFO Glenn 
Curtis, and several other senior Liberty executives. All of us will be available at the end to answer questions. 

Before we discuss the specific results for the quarter, I want to provide some perspective on Liberty given recent 
market conditions. You all know, as well as I or better, that the market and economic climate has been volatile, 
Liberty's equities have been affected, perhaps even disproportionately. We are focusing on those items that are within 
our control, and there are many, but there are obviously certain elements and factors that are outside our control and 
there is much uncertainty as to when not only the financial markets but the operating and economic climate will 
improve. 

So concentrating on that which we can change and evaluate and improve, first we're focused on financial management 
and structural optimization. We accomplished during the quarter or plan to accomplish the following: At Liberty 
Interactive we drew down the remaining capacity of our QVC bank facilities. We used though that cash to successfully 
tender for 782 million, or about 87% of our 2009 maturities on our straight debt that was coming due in July 2009. We 
early tendered for the vast majority of that. Other than the small, roughly 140 million, that's due in July 2009 on that 
straight debt, we have no Liberty Interactive maturities until 2011. 

The board of directors approved a change in the attribution of the Viacom exchangeable debt that was previously 
attributed from -- rather, to Liberty Entertainment, LMDIA, over to Liberty Interactive, along with $380 million in cash 
to compensate for that reattribution. Liberty Interactive intends to use this cash to fund a tender offer for senior 
debentures of the company. Through this change in attribution, Liberty Interactive will benefit from incremental 
liquidity, and if the tender is successful will substantially reduce its ongoing interest charges. 

At Liberty Entertainment, obviously is also affected by the change in attribution of debt. This is a necessary step if we 
are to complete a split-off of Liberty Entertainment. That having been said, we continue to evaluate the split-off of 
Liberty Entertainment and its timing given current market conditions. 

And lastly, at Liberty Capital we continue to repurchase shares and now have bought back 13.6 million shares between 
August 1 and October 29. Year to date, we've reduced the outstanding share count at Liberty Capital by almost a 
quarter. 

Focusing on operations at Liberty Interactive, and you'll hear more about this, first at QVC, the U.S. retail market, no 
surprise, is extremely challenged. Germany, U.K., are facing many of the same economic issues as the United States. 
Japan has been the bright spot, and we've seen continued strong performance at our Japanese subsidiary, far stronger, 
arguably, than what's going on in the economic environment in Japan. Management at QVC, and again you'll hear more 
about this, is doing all it can to drive revenue while protecting the fundamental value proposition of the business, 
preserving the business model, and preserving margins. 

We continue to see strong growth in Liberty Interactive at our e-commerce affiliates. We're very happy with their 
results. We'll see how they are impacted as time goes on. Given the state of the financial markets, we are withdrawing 
our Liberty Interactive financial guidance from 2006, and given what's going on, we don't feel comfortable providing 
any new guidance at this time. 

Looking again at the operations at LMDIA, we've had continued success at Starz Entertainment, executing on our 
strategy of audience segregation, providing end-to-end media services with strong revenue growth and strong adjusted 
OIBDA growth. We are not commenting on DIRECTV's results because they do not release until next week. 


Liberty Capital, Overture's third quarter releases had solid box office performances and we expect to continue that 
trend in the video market and on our Starz and Encore channels. 

With that, let me turn it over to Chris who will talk about, first, our results at Liberty Interactive. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive's attributed businesses grew revenue 2% while adjusted OIBDA declined 14% for the 
quarter. QVC, which is the primary driver of the results amongst Liberty Interactive's attributed businesses, continues 
to operate in a challenging retail environment, and its revenue decreased 3% and adjusted OIBDA decreased 14%. This 
is on a consolidated basis. 

Liberty Interactive's other e-commerce businesses, which include Provide Commerce, Backcountry.com, 
Bodybuilding.com and BUYSEASONS, again posted strong financial results and continue to grow at a rapid pace. In 
total, our e-commerce businesses experienced revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth of 112% and 50% respectively, 
due to the acquisition of Bodybuilding.com in December of 2007 as well as strong organic growth at all the other 
e-commerce companies that we've held in both periods. 

Turning to QVC, its domestic revenue decreased 9% in the third quarter to 1.07 billion, and the mix of products sold 
shifted to the accessories, apparel, and home areas from jewelry. The average selling price increased 4%, while total 
units shipped declined 11%. Domestic adjusted OIBDA decreased 21% in the third quarter to 221 million, while the 
adjusted OIBDA margin decreased 308 basis points to 20.6%, primarily due to lower initial product margins in the 
home and apparel products areas, a higher inventory obsolescence provision, a higher bad debt provision, and not 
achieving leverage on its fixed cost base. QVC.com sales continue to grow as a percentage of overall domestic sales, 
rising from 21% in the third quarter of last year to 24% this quarter. 

International revenue increased 11% to $568 million for the quarter, while adjusted OIBDA grew 6% to $91 million. 
Revenue growth was due to strong sales in Germany and Japan, in addition to favorable foreign currency exchange 
rates in those countries. Adjusted OIBDA growth lagged that of revenue, as adjusted OIBDA margins declined 78 basis 
points, principally due to lower initial product margins and higher commission costs as a percentage of net revenue due 
to new fixed rate agreements in the U.K. and Japan. Excluding the effective exchange rates, international revenue 
increased 7% for the quarter while adjusted OIBDA was essentially flat. 

QVC U.K.'s local currency revenue increased 1% on a 3% growth in units. In Japan, QVC experienced 11% local 
currency revenue growth, continuing the double-digit quarterly sales growth from the second quarter of 2008. QVC 
Japan has continued to successfully show gains in jewelry and fashion and shift away from the health and beauty 
products due to the heightened regulatory focus on those products that began in March of 2007. In Germany, our 
business experienced revenue growth of 8% on a local currency basis. 

Now, I'll hand it over to Mike George for some additional insights on QVC. Mike? 

Michael A. George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thanks, Chris. This was obviously a very difficult quarter for our U.S. business at QVC. We experienced significant 
sales declines in the months of August and September. Part of our August shortfall was driven by calendar shifts and 
decisions we made to move out poor performing inventory in our jewelry and apparel business. However, in 
September, which we felt would be a strong month for us, we felt the deepening impact from the financial crisis. The 
sales shortfalls in the quarter were broad-based, although as in recent quarters our computer and consumer electronics 
businesses remained relatively strong. We're clearly seeing our core customers being more cautious in their spending 
and holding back on some purchases as they monitor the economic situation. So the good news is we're not seeing an 
erosion in retention of those customers, but they are making one or two fewer purchases. 


As Chris mentioned, our adjusted OIBDA margins were also very challenged, with a 308 basis point decline from last 
year. This was driven by three primary factors. First, a decline in our initial product margins, which was largely 
associated with the mixed shift to consumer electronics. Now, we have continued to hold the line on increasing our 
promotional activity. Second, an increase in obsolescence rates that was primarily due to a rise in our September 
inventory levels due to our sales shortfall from expectations. And finally, an increase in our expense rates, partially 
driven by increases in bad debt levels and on favorable variances in our call centers and distribution centers as we were 
unable to reduce staffing levels fast enough to meet the sales shortfall. 

We are taking a number of aggressive actions to manage our business. Our first priority, of course, remains bringing the 
customer fresh, compelling products at great values, supported by engaging programming. As we discussed at the 
Liberty investor conference, we have launched our Don't Miss a Moment campaign, highlighting the unique people, 
places and finds at QVC for the holidays. We have a number of exciting premieres this season, from American Girl 
dolls to Rachael Ray cookware, Bradley Bayou and Vera Bradley handbags, Mark Cross leather accessories, Q 
Voyager gemstone jewelry and Gump's home decor, and we also have several strong events in the fourth quarter 
including our 12 Days of Christmas sweepstakes where we'll be giving away a Smart car every day. 

We're also making daily adjustments to our product mix and programming. For example, right now we're seeing more 
strength in gifts for the family and practical problem solution product lines and in extreme values like our TSVs. On the 
other hand, higher price point self-purchase products in areas like jewelry and accessories are more challenged, as is the 
holiday decorating category. Where we can, we're making adjustments to reflect these trends. And to make sure we're 
providing particularly strong values in this economy, we launched a new price break program two weeks ago where 
we're working with our vendors to get better pricing on key items for the holidays that we can pass through to the 
customer. In the first week of this program we were able to offer meaningful discounts on about 50 top items. We're 
also more aggressive this year in promoting the benefits of shopping with QVC for the holidays, including our 
extended return privileges during the season and our strong everyday pricing. 

In addition to these initiatives to improve the sales line, we are carefully managing our inventory levels and expenses. 
We are slowing down new purchases, working with vendors to reduce receipt levels of existing orders where 
appropriate, and exercising our contractual rights to return inventory to vendors when sales don't meet our goals. We 
will also continue to move through poor-performing inventory on a timely basis, even though this does dampen sales 
velocity. While we recognize that this is a challenging time for many vendors, to date we have not experienced any 
significant issues with our vendors, been able to deliver products, handle returns, or provide other required support. 

We're also carefully monitoring our bad debt levels. As you know, we incur bad debt primarily in two forms. First, 
about 27% of our sales are on our proprietary Q Card. Second, we have an Easy Pay program where we offer the 
customers the option of paying their bill in two to six installments on select products. Over the last three quarters our 
bad debt expense has averaged just under 1% of sales versus 0.6% in the prior four quarters. This reflects both an 
increase in actual write-offs and an increase in our reserves to cover anticipated future write-offs. 

Fortunately, we have been able to more than offset this increase in bad debt expenses with the increase in the Q Card 
APRs that went into effect in July. We've taken several actions to further contain bad debt levels, including increasing 
the credit scoring criteria for obtaining a Q Card, eliminating the annual credit line increase, reducing credit lines for 
marginal accounts, and increasing collection activity at earlier delinquency stages. In addition, while our usage of Easy 
Pay did increase in Q4 of last year in response to the consumer spending slowdown, it has been relatively stable since 
then and we do not intend to materially increase our usage of Easy Pay in this environment. 

And finally, as we have all year, we are aggressively managing our expenses. We have dramatically reduced our 
seasonal hiring in the distribution and call centers. We have largely stopped new hiring company-wide and we're 
scrutinizing every element of expenses. We will monitor sales trends carefully and take appropriate expense actions as 
necessary. 

Now turning to international, we are pleased with the continued progress in Japan, where we posted good results in the 
top and bottom line driven by strong gains in fashion and jewelry. Germany returned to a solid rate of revenue and 
OIBDA growth in Q3, with particularly strong sales in the beauty category. While we're pleased with the progress in 


Germany, we recognize that we are copying relatively weak results from Q3 of last year and we still have our work cut 
out for us to achieve sustained, profitable growth. We've made several leadership changes in that business and remain 
confident in its long-term potential. 

The results in the U.K. were disappointing. Our sales were below expectations, primarily due to soft TSV results. 
While the U.K. economy, as Greg mentioned, is also challenged by the slowdown in consumer spending, we were 
encouraged by relatively solid growth in our base business in the U.K. In addition to the sales softness, we experienced 
a 240 basis point erosion in our U.K. gross margins. Nearly half of that erosion was driven by the adverse FX 
movement as we were unable to adjust our product pricing quickly enough in the face of the sudden erosion in the 
value of the pound. Going forward, we will do a better job of moving these impacts into pricing. 

We also saw a modest decline in initial product margins due largely to the mixed shift to computers. Our OIBDA 
margins were further impacted by the cost of our new DTT contract, which was 130 basis points on favorable. We 
began anniversarying these higher costs at the start of Q4 so they won't be a factor going forward. Given the economic 
uncertainty globally, we are maintaining the same focus on expense and inventory management in all of our 
international markets as we are in the U.S. 

We're also taking a cautious stand on capital spending across all markets, although we remain committed to investing in 
the business where necessary to support future growth. We will likely end 2008 at about 120 to 140 million of capital 
spend, which is well below the forecast we provided earlier, and we're carefully reviewing capital requirements for next 
year. While we have not finalized our '09 capital plans, at this point we would anticipate capital spending in the range 
of 140 to 170 million, but we could pull this number lower or accelerate various investments based on the underlying 
strength of the business. We also do not intend to incur significant capital or expense charges in 2009 for our Italy 
start-up. We can defer most of these costs to 2010 and still meet our entry timetable, although if the business climate 
were to materially improve, we might consider accelerating some of the spend into the coming year. 

In closing, I'd like to just reiterate that we don't view our current performance shortfall as a reflection on the long-term 
health of our business, but rather short-term challenges driven by tough economy, and in fact our performance is 
consistent with and in many cases better than other leading retailers who operate in similar lines of business. By 
contrast, we continue to be bullish about our strategy of building a powerful multi-channel video platform for the future 
with attractive long-term growth prospects. 

And with that, I'll hand it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Mike. Let's take a quick look a Liberty Interactive's liquidity picture. The group has an attributed cash and 
public investments of 3.9 billion and has 8.4 billion in attributed debt. The accompanying LINTA balance sheet 
information that's on the slide, of course, is as of September 30, which does not fully reflect the current situation at 
LINTA. While we believe LINTA has reasonably solid liquidity and capital resources, the recent downturn in the 
markets has reduced LINTA's flexibility to pursue opportunistic transactions. Accordingly, we're taking the 
aforementioned action of reattributing the long-term Viacom exchangeable debt in cash from Liberty Entertainment to 
LINTA. 

Moving on to Liberty Entertainment, attributed revenue grew 21% in the third quarter while adjusted OIBDA declined 
15%. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the addition of the Liberty Sports Group, which was acquired in 
February 2008. The decrease in adjusted OIBDA was due to one-time factors in 2007 at Starz Entertainment. 

Taking a closer look at Starz's results, Starz Entertainment's revenue decreased 1%. This decrease in revenue was due 
to the one-time recognition of revenue during the third quarter of 2007, caused by affiliate agreement extensions. 
Adjusting for this item, Starz's revenue would have increased 5% for the quarter. Starz and Encore average subscribers 
increased 7% for the quarter when compared to the same period in 2007. Starz's adjusted OIBDA decreased 11%, 
which similar to the revenue was impacted by the one-time events in 2007. Again, adjusting for this item, adjusted 


OIBDA would have increased 22% for the period. Operating expenses increased 4%, principally due to the positive 
impact recorded in 2007 related to the settlement of a music rights dispute. This increase was partially offset by a 3% 
decrease in programming expenses. 

Taking a closer look at Liberty Entertainment's liquidity, at quarter end all media was attributed with approximately 

14.2 billion of public investments, although this figure has decreased substantially with the market declines in October. 
In addition to its public holdings, Liberty Entertainment had attributed cash and liquid investments of just under 1.1 
billion at quarter end. Total cash and public holdings approximated 15.3 billion, well in excess of the 2.6 million face 
amount of attributed debt. These figures, of course, are prior to the change in attribution of the long-term Viacom 
exchangeable debt and cash to LINTA. 
Now, Bill Myers will comment on some of the exciting events at Starz Entertainment and Starz Media. 

Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz 

Thank you, Chris. Let's start with Starz Entertainment. On the entertainment side, we are pleased with the continued 
growth in subscribers to our Starz and Encore services, with our performance in revenue and adjusted OIBDA. 
Although the year-to-year comparisons of the latter two measures were impacted by two one-time measures that Chris 
mentioned. 

We also made progress in executing our original programming strategy. In October we premiered our first original 
dramatic series on Starz, which was Crash, which has been the focus of a nationwide branding campaign and generated 
widespread media attention. We just announced this week that we will follow this up with another dramatic series, 
Spartacus, which will air later next year. Spartacus will be the first original series produced for Starz Entertainment by 
our sister company, Starz Media. The series was developed by Spider-Man director Sam Raimi, Xena the Warrior 
Princess producer Rob Tapert, and The Quick and the Dead producer Joshua Donen. 

Starz will retain all rights for the show, which will air on our channels, will be available for distribution to our other 
home video and international and domestic distribution platforms. We have renewed our half-hour comedy Head Case 
for another season and we will premiere next year another half-hour comedy, Party Down, about a group of 
unemployed actors who run a Hollywood catering service. And like Spartacus, Party Down is a production of Starz 
Media and we will retain all rights for all of our distribution platforms. 

When we think about the platform side, Starz entertainment continues to lead in the very important high definition 
space, launching Encore HD this quarter, which is the fifth HD channel we offer our affiliates. Our on demand offering, 
including three HD on-demand services, continues to rank in top five in terms of usage by consumers among more than 
300 other on-demand services. In an important distribution development, on October 1 we announced an affiliation 
agreement with Netflix, allowing to it include Starz Play in the online service it offers to its customers, who will now 
be able to watch over the Internet streams of the Starz flagship channel and on-demand streams of movies and other 
Starz video programming. 

On the media side, we were pleased with the box office performance this summer of Space Chimps, the animated film 
we produced in partnership with Vanguard Animation for distribution by Fox. It will be released on home video in late 
November. Our Toronto animation studio continues to work on three animated films for distribution by other studios. 
The Emmy-winning hit children's series Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!, produced by Starz Media's Film Roman studio, began 
its second season on Nick Jr. and premiered on Canadian and German television outlets, adding to the 60 international 
markets in which it has been sold. It has also been released on DVD and the licensing and merchandising properties 
based on Wubbzy have been introduced in the U.S. The Starz Media half-hour series Z Rock, about three musicians 
who lead a double life performing at kids' birthday parties by day and a rock band by night, premiered on IFC to solid 
ratings and has been renewed for a second season. Our digital media group has signed domestic and international deals 
that now make our animated movies and original series available on such platforms as Amazon, Xbox, iTunes and 
others. 


Overture Films has released six theatrical films so far this year, including in the third quarter Righteous Kill and 
Traitor, which performed solidly at the box office and will be strong in home video and on the Starz and Encore 
channels. Two more films are slated for release before the end of the year. These films are Nothing Like the Holidays 
and Last Chance Harvey. At one point this summer, Overture motion pictures were playing in over 5800 screens in the 
U.S., about 15% of the total number of screens in the country. This is a remarkable achievement, in our mind, for a 
studio that has still not completed its first full year of releases. 

And at the Anchor Bay level, which is our home video business, we have announced the launch of its own film studio, 
Anchor Bay Films, to continue to develop the company's successful strategy of producing and acquiring movies for 
limited theatrical release followed by home video distribution. 

So I think in summary the bottom line is that we continue to execute on our strategy to leverage our multiple 
distribution platforms, which is theatrical, home video, Internet, premium channels and domestic and international 
syndication, to develop and monetize a growing library of content which we produce and control ourselves. So we were 
very pleased with the quarter, and I will now turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Bill. Let's take a look a Liberty Capital now. During the quarter, Liberty Capital revenue increased 16% to 
$221 million, while LCAPA's adjusted OIBDA deficit increased to $89 million. LCAPA's increase in revenue was 
principally due to revenue growth of Starz Media. The adjusted OIBDA deficit was principally due to marketing and 
advertising costs associated with film releases at Overture Films and Starz Animation. 

From August 1 through October 29, Liberty repurchased 13.6 million shares of series A Liberty Capital common stock 
at an average price of $14.19 for total cash consideration of $193 million. Cumulative for 2008, Liberty has 
repurchased 31.6 million shares at an average cost of $14.53 for total cash consideration of $460 million, which 
represent 24.5% of the shares outstanding. 

Now let's take a look at Liberty Capital's liquidity. Liberty Capital Group has attributed cash and public investments of 
$5.8 billion and attributed debt of $4.9 billion. This cash and public investments figure excludes 523 million of Liberty 
holdings in the reserve primary fund. We have put in our redemption requests for these funds and expect to receive 
about half this week, but the exact timing of the redemption is uncertain. As such, we have reclassified this amount 
from cash into short-term investments on our balance sheet. 

Subsequent to quarter-end, the decline in the market price of certain of our exchangeable debentures caused a triggering 
event on total return swaps on these debentures held by Liberty Capital, allowing the counterparty to terminate the 
swap contract. As a result, we expect to be required to settle the contract by making a payment to the counter party of 
200 -- ranging anywhere from 200 to $250 million. We're currently exploring entering into a new swap agreement at a 
lower notional amount that could lower the total amount paid to address this obligation. Any payment made will be 
from available cash or borrowings on equity derivative credit facilities attributed to Liberty Capital. Despite these 
events we remain comfortable with Liberty Capital's liquidity situation. 

With that said, I'll turn it back over to Greg to quickly recap the quarter. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Chris, and thank you Mike and Bob for your updates on your businesses. As you know, it's an extremely 
challenging and unpredictable economic environment. Overall, while our subscription and e-commerce businesses 
continue to perform well, other businesses, such as our transaction businesses like QVC, have been obviously impacted 
by the market. It's hard to know when conditions will improve, but we are confident that businesses like QVC are not 
going away and are not permanently impaired and have a long-term bright future. 


We are managing those factors under our control and we do see market opportunities caused by the current economic 
dislocation, and we will pursue those opportunities. Liberty's structure does provide us increased flexibility to capitalize 
on some of these opportunities, so let me finish by saying we appreciate your continued interest and support of Liberty 
Media. As we've noted before, we're going to continue to focus on maximizing value to you by optimally managing the 
portfolio of assets among and within the three tracking stocks; supporting our affiliate management teams to produce 
strong operating results; and where possible executing on financially innovative transactions. So stay tuned. Thank you 
for listening. And, Gloria, I'd like to now open it up to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Sorry. That was a head fake. They told us it was going to be Gloria with the questions, sorry. 

Operator 

We'll take or our first question from the side of Doug Mitchelson [Deutsche Bank]. Go ahead, please, your line is open. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Great, thanks very much. I guess just two questions. One, are there any other derivative 
transactions nearing any triggering points like you just talked about with Liberty Capital? And then second, Greg, any 
clarification you can give us on the comment in the press release, and maybe I just missed it on the call, saying we 
continue to evaluate the split-off of Liberty Entertainment and the timing given market conditions? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Doug, we have one other swap we've done on some exchangeables that we're continuing to 
eval – straight debt – that we're continuing to look at what that cost is, but I think we're okay on that. And as far as 
more color on the statement, look, we went out with a certain set of conditions or certain expectations on how the 
various split companies would look. We certainly did what ifs and scenario planning. But in light of what may be 
unprecedented changes in capital markets, we want to make sure before we proceed that all the businesses are 
optimally capitalized and set to prosper as separate entities. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: So I guess I would look at it both defensively and offensively, right? Are you making that 
comment from sort of a defensive standpoint or are there opportunities that you think you can deploy your capital better 
than a said split-off? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think there are both defensive issues and offensive issues. You want to make sure that both 
businesses are properly capitalized to prosper and succeed and you also want to make sure you're deploying your 
capital as smartly a possible where it may have the maximum benefit, so I think you're right to note both elements of 
that. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: One last final follow-up and I'll let it go. Is there anything regarding, say, the QVC balance 
sheet, the Liberty Interactive balance sheet, that causes any concerns right now? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, I don't know if it causes concerns. You would consider us I think foolish or foolhardy 
not to consider all of the opportunities and risks that are out there. As a statement of fact, Liberty Interactive is 
probably the business with the nearest term maturities and the most issues that we want to make sure it is solvently 
capitalized and appropriately capitalized. That's just looking at the relative debt load that LMDIA, LCAPA, its long 
maturities, and Liberty Interactive, so I think your statement recognizes the obvious, that that is the most leverage with 
the shortest maturities and part of what you're seeing us do today with the reattribution is working to make sure that it 
is in a position, that company, Liberty Interactive, that attributed equity, is in a position to take advantage of market 
opportunities and be well capitalized. 


<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. We next go to the side of Barton Crockett. [JPMorgan]. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: OK, great, thanks for taking the question. A question about the -- a little bit more about the 
balance sheet at Liberty Interactive. You can see a scenario potentially if the consumer really suffers next year where 
EBITDA get dropped to the level where you might be bumping up against the leverage ratio on the QVC attributed 
debt, and I was wondering if you could tell us how you see managing that. Obviously there's a lot of resources outside 
of Liberty Interactive and you just attributed some of those to Interactive. Would you see doing more of that potentially 
to pay down the QVC bank debt? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, I think you're -- that is the only covenant, really within the Liberty family, that we need 
to be aware of and we're certainly very aware of it. I think we're comfortable that that will not become an issue, but 
again, given these market conditions and appropriate planning by management, we certainly have considered what to 
do if that does become an issue. There are multiple scenarios and multiple opportunities or alternatives. One, there are 
assets, as you know, both the e-commerce businesses and the equities that are in that tracker, that are not part of the 
bank group. You could imagine offering incremental collateral. You could imagine other transactions like the one we 
did today that provide incremental liquidity and shift assets around. You could imagine looking at potentially, in a 
slightly better capital market, finding other sources of borrowing against either foreign subsidiaries we have 
opportunities or against some of the assets that are also in Liberty Interactive that are un -- today have no -- are not 
captured in any borrowing facility. Again, the e-commerce businesses and those equities. You could imagine a host of 
other things. The payments that are made by Liberty Interactive to Liberty Capital in lieu of tax payments could be 
deferred or treated as notes. I'm not suggesting that's what's going to happen. I'm just pointing out we have literally tens 
of opportunities to think about and ways to address the problem. 

Finally, and most importantly, if you're a bank and you look at the relative issues -- now, no one wants a covenant 
break, and as I said I don't anticipate that -- but if you look at the relative issues, the EBITDA has been about 1.7 billion 
at QVC. The interest on that bank line fully drawn at current market rates is about $250 million a year. We cover that 
interest dramatically and we have a business which generates a whole heck of a lot of free cash flow, even levered. So I 
think to point out this is not something we are not paying attention to, but it's also not something we're sweating, 
looking at as a dire consequence. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: OK, that's very helpful. And then on the other side of kind of the balance sheet in terms of the 
shares for Liberty Interactive, with them down at this level, obviously you guys have tons of resources and I know you 
was to be prudent and conservative and you've kind of said you don't want to do share repurchase, but would you 
reconsider it now with the stock where it is? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: It's like that old joke about, Woody Allen said about the food at camp, it sucks and there's not 
enough of it. You're kind of giving us both ways because you can't -- you're saying you're worried about liquidity and 
you want to go test it by buying more shares. We look at the Liberty Interactive stock as very inexpensive, but we are 
also trying to be very judicious about making sure for the long-term we capitalize and take advantage of all 
opportunities. So even though we agree with your proposition, it's cheap and we are not worried about the balance sheet 
in terms of breaking the covenant, I'm not sure we want to stress that and test that further today. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. That's great. I appreciate your help. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions.] We will now go to the side of Tom Eagan [Collins Stewart]. Go ahead, please, your 
line is open. 


<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Great, thank you very much. Greg, I appreciate the comments on the possible flexibility that 
you guys are, I guess are looking for in evaluating the timing of the LMDIA spin-off. Could you maybe give us a little 
more maybe better sense of the options you have and the flexibility of – so in case you don't spin off LMDIA, what 
kind of flexibility does that give you in terms of the other stocks? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Tom, I'm not sure I understand exactly what you're saying, flexibility of the other stocks. My 
only – and I'll try and -- I think I've tried to be as forthcoming as I can in light of what we know about market 
conditions and what's happening. You know, we could imagine a scenario where LMDIA does not get split off at all or 
you could imagine scenarios where various assets or liabilities are transferred or moved around to enable a split-off. 
Again, taking events both offensively and defensively of what we see in the market. So all of those are out there as 
possibilities. What I think we've commented most is we were on a path where we said, look, December or January, we 
expected if we had proceeded we would be able to get this done. Given that we're sitting here now in October, almost 
Halloween, and we've not formally announced -- determined that we are proceeding under what terms, I think we've 
mostly talked about almost for certain a delay in timing, and the rest of it is still open. 

<A - Thomas Eagan>: Okay. Then separately, last October 7 when John Malone sold the LCAPA shares obviously 
there was some concern about margin call. Could you give us some sense of how we should be -- some insight into 
how we should be thinking about the prospects for any other sale of shares? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, I think more appropriately we have a guest who might be more able to comment on that 
than I am. John? 

<A - John Malone>: What a wonderful October. I guess the simple way to say it is that, as we sit today, my family 
personally, we have gross indebtedness of about $50 million, we have net indebtedness of about zero, if you include 
government securities and cash. We've never pledged any of our high voting shares of any of the companies. And we 
feel that while we hated to do it, i.e. we hated to sell down in order to pay off what was short-term debt, it seemed a 
prudent thing to do, since we had a high tax basis in it and we just got squeezed. Obviously, we had a lot of collateral 
we could have pledged rather than sell the shares, but when the market is deteriorating the way it seemed to be, it 
seemed to be the prudent thing to do to lighten ship, and that's what we did. 

We really have no other pressures on us. We have substantial liquidity in our charitable remainder trusts, cash liquidity, 
so I think we're evaluating what the best use of that liquidity is going forward, including perhaps acquisition of equities 
in our related companies to the degree that the lawyers would let on us a timing basis. As you know, there are all kinds 
of short swing issues. But that's kind of where we sit. So I don't -- while I hate to see our net worth decline the way it 
has, we don't feel any real pressure at this point to sell any equities. I hope that answers the question. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Yeah. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you, Tom. Next question. 

Operator 

We now go to the site of Benjamin Swinburne [Morgan Stanley]. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks, good morning everyone. If I could ask a couple. We know about some of the 
leverage debt concerns at LINTA. Is there anything we should be looking at at the LMDIA level with the loan there 
that you used to buy additional DIRECTV stock? And I think the first payment kicks in second half of next year. What 
would you – if the world then is, God forbid, as it is now, how do you – do you sell stock to pay it down or pay it out of 
cash or do you still feel like you could roll that into a new facility? And then secondly, for Greg and John, Liberty's 
always taken advantage of dislocation in the market. I don't know if this is beyond an opportunity and it's just bad for 
everybody, but as you look over the media landscape, there's going to be a lot of cheap -- there are cheap assets and 
there will be cheaper assets going forward, especially a lot of companies head into restructurings or bankruptcies. Do 
you think that part of your decision to sort of reanalyze the spin is because you want to save some dry powder for 
opportunities, whether it's online or TV stations or HSN? Or anything you could share there in terms of offensive 


opportunities as you look at the landscape today. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I first want to make a point. I think you mentioned, Ben, the LINTA liquidity concerns, and I 
want to emphasize one more time, I don't think we have LINTA concerns about liquidity. I think we are doing what is 
prudent about thinking about every potential scenario and trying to be open with you about the ranges available to us, 
and I think we'd be less than doing our job as managers if we weren't. But as just a factual matter, it is the most 
leveraged probably of the three entities. So that's just looking at the statement. 

On the LMDIA put, I feel pretty comfortable for a bunch of reasons. One, that's a borrowing against the put where the 
counterparty is basically loaning to themselves. It's a pretty safe level of transaction risk for them. And I think there are 
a bunch of options there potentially, including rolling that facility with that counterparty, who's one of the more 
strongly capitalized banks, and we recently had them in there, and they emphasized their openness and willingness do 
business, particularly against a transaction which is a relatively secure transaction since they're loaning to themselves. 

Two, I think you rightly pointed out there are other alternatives. Other borrowings -- we have quite a lot of stock in 
LMDIA of DIRECTV which is not pledged, which could be an incremental borrowing facility. We have, even after the 
reattribution of the cash to cover the Viacom exchangeables, we have about $600 million cash which is building 
because there's no debt other than the one facility, which is basically accruing interest, the facility that you mentioned 
against the put. Starz is in there generating cash flow. Starz could enter into a borrowing facility, we believe. We've had 
that discussion. So we have a range of possibilities on how to settle that put, roll that put, relever that put using cash or 
other borrowings. So there's just a whole bunch of choices there. I don't feel particularly worried about that financial 
scenario. Again, this is a world where you never know, but if you looked at the landscape today, even as ugly as it is, 
that looks pretty secure. 

<A - John Malone>: We believe that the collar is now perhaps 400 to 450 million in the money. We actually have an 
implicit gain in the collar. And then on the question of opportunism, in the short run here, we see the opportunities just 
in tactics. For instance, the tendering for the straight debt, at prices ranging from 55 to $0.62 on the dollar is sort of a 
tactical way of taking opportunity of the liquidity we have without increasing -- in fact, decreasing -- overall risk. 

So in the short run, I think we all believe that we want to see where this economy is going. We'd like to see some sense 
that we can predict the bottom before we make any large moves. We're obviously -- like everybody else, we're hoping 
the liquidity, the credit situation worldwide loosens. We're hoping that the consumer likes the cheap gas prices and 
goes back to buying lots of stuff from QVC, but we're just going to have to wait and see until we get comfortable that 
we can predict where this is going before we would make any large strategic moves that would try and take advantage 
of other people's distress. 

In the short run, it's kind of interesting, if you mark our debt and our equities to market, we look much less leveraged 
on a mark-to-market basis than we do on a face basis. So, it's -- there's good news and there's bad news in all of these 
disruptions. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: And last thing before I --. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: If I could just add one more point on that, on the opportunities. I think John is right. I guess -you 
mentioned a couple of opportunities. I think we stated at our investor day in general, and I think I'd reaffirm the 
point, and I think, John, you're on the same page. The equities of many of the media companies still look troubling. 
You mentioned TV stations. I think the -- both the cyclical -- because of lack of local advertising from people like car 
dealers and mortgage companies, and you go down that list -- cyclical looks poor, but the secular looks bad as well for 
many media places like TV stations. So I think we, where we have been looking at opportunities, we've been more 
interested in the debt and looking at some of the things that might arise. 

And the last one I'd comment on is on HSN. You may recall we are allowed to purchase another 5%, but basically for 
another 20 months, 21 months, something like that, unless a third party initiates an offer for HSN, we're not allowed to 
make an offer. It would be -- require the board to make the offer public. So we're basically fairly limited even though 
we do notice the price being fairly low. 


<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: If I could just follow up with one thing and then I'll let it go. On the Liberty 
Entertainment spin consideration, is there anything you could point to or that we should be looking for that would then 
signal you're ready to make a decision, or is it just sort of general credit market issues? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: As I said, I think it's credit market issues and actions that we might take to change or amend or 
confirm our comfort level with the spin -- split-off, and so I don't think you can point to any one thing -- LIBOR hits X, 
Treasury rates hit Y -- that's going to be the trigger. But look, we see the benefits for the LMDIA equity of that 
split-off. We see the trading benefits. We see the ultimate flexibility. So we certainly look at that as a positive 
objective, and we didn't announce it lightly or with no expectation of trying to complete it. 

<A - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll next go to the site of Kit Spring [Stifel Nicolaus]. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: I joined late, but did you discuss the -- how you feel about potential counterparty risk on 
derivatives? It looks like I think they're with Deutsche Bank and Bank of America, who look to be in pretty good 
standing. Could you comment on that? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think you have rightly noted those are the two people with whom we have a big counterparty 
risk. We have partially drawn on those with some potential offsets. That's one point. I guess the other larger point is it 
appears both institutions are wards of their respective governments, so I feel better about the credit quality of both of 
them at this point. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We next go to the side of Jason Bazinet [Citigroup]. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thanks. Two questions. I think it was as of the second quarter 10-Q filing, the deferred income 
tax liabilities were about $5.9 billion, and I was just wondering if you could give us either an update on where those sit 
right now, or if you can't do that, if you could just allocate that among the three trackers for us. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: We're going to release the Q early next week. Because we moved up the earnings date to try 
and accelerate on announcing the tender -- the bond tender -- the conspiracy theories abounded, I understand, about 
why we moved it up, but basically it was to capture market conditions, get that out. We're not quite ready on the Q. The 
only thing I can say about the $5.9 billion is it's substantially less today. 

<A - Jason Bazinet>: Understood. Okay. And can you just talk about the mechanics of this 200 to $250 million outlay 
at LCAPA? What it was that you entered and what caused the triggering event? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Sure. We entered into a total return swap on some of our straight debt -- excuse me, 
exchangeable debt. I'm getting the two confused -- on some of our exchangeable debt where we -- basically a third 
party held it without taking risk on decline. It did decline related to the overall market conditions, and we had a 
collateral call -- in effect a margin call -- which was large enough that it allowed them to -- and this financial institution 
has desire to get stuff off their books today -- allowed them to basically say they want to terminate the transaction, and 
we owe them the difference between the initial purchase price and the current mark on the bonds. 

Now one alternative that we've discussed is that we might enter into another swap transaction, and I think that's, with 
no guarantees, that's probably the most likely outcome. We'll enter into a swap on those same bonds. We'll have a 
negative mark and some incremental costs or some costs to settle the difference between what we purchased the -- what 
we swapped -- went into the total return swap on the bonds on, and the current mark on the bonds -- but we believe the 


bonds are probably a long-term good value. Obviously the actions that we are taking today about the bond tender affirm 
that point, that basically we think our credit's pretty good, so we're not – we're disappointed about having to put up 
incremental liquidity on this but we're reasonably bullish on the long-term prospects for our debt. 

<A - Jason Bazinet>: Sorry that I'm dumb about this, but if you don't enter into a new swap does that in turn increase 
the liabilities that would be reflected on your balance sheet? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: No, what effectively would be happening is, and because of these exchangeables and the tax 
consequences of it it's likely we will enter into some agreement because we don't want to necessarily take them in 
today. What it's basically saying is we bought these bonds at more than the current price. That's the right way to think 
about it. 

<A - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Next question. 

Operator 

And our next question comes to use from the side of Scott Devitt [Stifel Nicolaus]. Go ahead, please. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Hi, thanks. You mentioned the 27% of revenue that's on the Q Card. I was just unclear if -- what 
proportion of that is on an installment plan, if it's 100% or something other. And then separately, if there's been any 
change in the installment cycles within the Q card. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So Mike, maybe you could update on Q Card and Easy Pay matters. 

<A - Michael George>: Let me let Dan answer the specific question on installment. Go ahead, Dan. 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: We have about a $550 million portfolio, and it's hard to say expressly how much is due to Easy 
Pay versus full pay because people are rolling the balances, but I would say approximately 10% is derived from Easy 
Pay. 

<A>: Does that answer your question? 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: It does. So 10% of the Q Card-attributed revenue is via Easy Pay. The rest is actually on a 
traditional card cycle? 

<A - Michael George>: So 10% of the 550 is Easy Pay -- is that the right way, Dan? 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: Right. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Got it, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We now go to the side of David Gober. Go ahead, please. 

<A>: Thanks for taking the question, guys. Just had two questions for Mike. You talked about the impact of the 
financial crisis in September. And I was just wondering if you could kind of update us on how that's looking in October 
and whether or not some of the actions that you've taken might be able to offset some of the weakness in the fourth 
quarter and potentially in the last two months. And then also on QVC Germany, you guys talked a little bit about the 
shrink there and potentially some easy comps in 3Q '07, but just curious if you could give a little bit more color there in 
terms of specific actions that the new management team has done there that might have been causing the strength and 
whether or not that's what you guys expect from that business going forward. 


<A - Michael George>: Sure. On the first question, as you know, we have a practice of not commenting specifically on 
in-quarter performance, so I won't get too specific with my answer but I guess I would frame it in more general terms 
that, , if you think about in the middle of September when we were in the first throes of the meltdown in the stock 
market and the bailout discussions, we clearly saw our customer kind of freeze up at that moment. We had that first 
week when the first bailout bill failed Congress, we had a major event in the middle of that week that was probably 
40% off its plan. So there was no question that there was a very severe dip for a handful of days as people were 
absorbing the news and studying their 401(k) balances on an hourly basis. 

So, you know, we were obviously trying to adjust day by day to see what's working and what's not working, and 
certainly that kind of an extreme disruption in the business where you don't anticipate going forward as best we can see 
at this point, we do think we're finding some things that are working better than other things and adjusting the business 
as we can. So consumer spending is clearly going to stay down for a period of time. That will clearly put a drag on us. 
But we do think we can adjust the business on the margin to try to deal with at least some of the impact of that. But 
beyond that I don't want to get too specific about the current quarter's performance just because we don't typically do 
that. 

In terms of Germany, here's what we feel good about. We've been on, as we've been discussing, on a turnaround 
program for a year plus. We've made progress in some areas of that program. We've made progress in shifting to more 
business done at everyday pricing. We've made progress in launching a lot of new programs. We've made progress in 
diversifying our product lines in some categories like apparel and in particular in beauty, and that's where we saw the 
strongest growth, was in beauty, and we think that beauty business has very high upside for us, and that's encouraging 
because beauty is high margin, high sales per minute and low return rate, so it's by far the most profitable category that 
we operate in around the world. So all of that feels good to us. 

We've also been very, very tough on expense line and kept that low. Probably the area that we continue to struggle 
with, one of our signature businesses, as you may recall, in the growth years and in the opposite way a signature 
business during the decline was our home textiles business. I would tell you that we haven't yet found the right formula 
in that business, and we did have -- we are still clearing through home textiles inventory and incurring some 
markdowns in Q3. That's reflected in the Q3 numbers to do that. We're relaunching that business or a part of that 
business with a new brand in Q4. And then it's kind of wait and see. I think the team has a good strategy there. Whether 
or not it takes off, we have to let the consumer tell us. 

So, long way of saying we think we're getting the business on a better footing, we're seeing some success in the 
turnaround program, but it's not as consistent or as broad-based as I'd like it to be. Feel very good about the new 
leadership team, as they're still in the early days -- but combined with a lot of our longstanding leaders, I mean it's a 
mix. We have a new person in charge of German e-commerce, but a lot of long-tenured folks under that person, and so 
I think it's coming together. But I don't want to tell you guys that I know it's fully turned around until we see a few 
quarters of consistent performance. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Great. Maybe, operator, we can have one last question. 

Operator 

Certainly, sir. And we'll take our last question from the side of Mark Toddfield. Go ahead, please. 

<Q>: Great, thanks for taking my question. On QVC I had a question about how much of the operating and SG&A 
costs combined are really fixed versus variable? That was the first question. And then secondly, in a negative revenue 
growth environment, a hiring freeze sounds like a good idea, but why not step it up and be more aggressive and cut, 
say, 5 to 10% of the fixed costs to preserve the profitability cash flow and liquidity at QVC?. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Mike or Dan? 

<A - Michael George>: So, our fixed costs, if you look at our P&L, what we call departmental fixed costs, in the U.S. 
they run 5 or 6% of our business, 5 or 6% of our revenue are in the departmental fixed cost line. It'd be a little bit 


higher internationally. There are some other fixed costs that are in the warehousing space that show up on gross margin 
as opposed to on the expense line so it might be a little bit higher than that if you include that. And then all the rest is, 
and the majority of the costs are variable costs, either variable or what we call discretionary, variable being call center, 
commissions to affiliates, those sorts of costs, and as well as discretionary like marketing spend. 

And I guess I would tell you that in terms of future actions, we're committing to managing this business in a very 
profitable way. So we're watching the situation carefully, we are challenging all the teams for productivity 
enhancements. And we'll take whatever actions we think are appropriate to both deal with the short term but also not 
fundamentally impair the business for the long term. We think it would be a mistake. We want to be prudently 
aggressive. We want to manage our costs very carefully in this environment, but at the same time what we don't want to 
do is cut deeply into muscle in a way that would impair us from growing our business in an attractive way over the long 
term. 

So that's the balance. We're looking at every element of the business very carefully, finding ways to restructure, be 
more productive, and we'll continue to do that going forward. 

<Q>: Okay. And lastly, can you just update us on the inventory position at QVC? And working capital has been sort of 
a use of cash last year of about 200 million, a year before with 180. So how are you managing that in this environment 
and how should we factor that into our free cash flow expectations? 

<A - Michael George>: Dan, can you comment on that? 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: Our inventory is roughly $1.1 billion and our receivables are about $870 million. The 
receivables associated with our Q Card I mentioned before are about $550 million, so they're not turning. We're 
managing our inventory as best we can under the current circumstances, and we're looking to reduce inventory between 
now and the end of the year that we don't think is going to be sold under the current environment. So the cash flow, it's 
stable. It's a function of the inventory sales and --. 

<A - Michael George>: But we don't see any concerns about the cash flow. Again, our inventory is a little bit higher 
than we'd like it today. We'll try to pull that down through the quarter and into next year. But --. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: But maybe I could add. I know inventory build, a product that you don't think is seasonally or 
in any way permanently impaired, we may have a greater obsolescence factor as Mike discussed and we may have 
some inventory build now which we hope to get down by year-end but I don't think that's, hopefully, a fundamental 
drag on cash flow. That's a temporary drag on cash flow unlike, say, CapEx which is in the ground and done, this stuff 
hopefully is potentially on the balance sheet for a longer period than we would initially have liked but eventually out 
the door and into cash flow. 

<A - Michael George>: Absolutely. We're fundamentally not concerned about inventory over the long term. Clearly 
the sales erosion in August and September was much faster than we expected and therefore the corollary was also true, 
which is the inventory was higher than expected, but over time we're very comfortable about being able to be if front of 
that and manage the inventory so that it isn't a long-term drain on cash flows, as Greg described. 

<Q>: And the domestic revenue decline at QVC of 9%, what portion of that was really attributed to sort of the first 
bailout, the time period when the first bailout plan failed and you saw that 40% fall-off? In other words, the 9% 
revenue decline -- QVC domestic, ex sort of that event -- what was sort of the underlying trend there in the quarter? 

<A - Michael George>: It would be hard for me to break it out that precisely. As I said at the outset of the call, we did 
see a revenue drop in both August and September, so I don't want to pin it all on that time period. The August drop, 
while it was certainly greater than we anticipated, to some extent reflected some deliberate moves we made around 
moving out some inventory, poor-performing product, which means you're going to sell it at a lower velocity. Part of it 
was not quite as strong a programming calendar as the prior year. So August was a soft month for us. Some of that 
driven, we think, by the sort of mounting consumer concerns, some of it driven by just how we built the month. 

September was equally soft to August. It wasn't in total worse than August, but what was different is relative to our 
expectations for September and relative to what we thought the potential for September was given the way we built the 


calendar, it was more severe. But it was a broad drop through August and September, but again relative to expectations, 
we thought September was a much bigger concern for us. And clearly it was exaggerated in that couple-week time 
period. But beyond that I don't know that I can get a lot more precise than that. 

<Q>: Okay, thanks very much. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: With that, operator, let me finish by saying I think that Q obviously is a concern for all of us, 
but I would note that the management team there has done an excellent job of maintaining relatively high levels of 
profitability as compared to the peer groups, whether it be HSN or other department store-type retailers, and our stock 
has been punished far more than the bulk of them. So I'll leave it to you to judge whether that's opportunity or not, but 
it seems that there is somewhat of a mismatch between those two facts. 

With that, I again thank you very much for your interest this morning or this afternoon if you're on the East Coast now, 
and look forward to talking to you again. 

Operator 

This completes today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly meeting conference call. Thank you for attending and have 
a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


