Q1 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei 
• Christopher W. Shean 
• Michael A. George 
• Chris Albrecht 
• John C. Malone 
• William D. Myers 
Other Participants 

• Barton Crockett 
• James M. Ratcliffe 
• Richard Greenfield 
• Matthew J. Harrigan 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Jason B. Bazinet 
• Ben Mogil MBA 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Jaison T. Blair 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. 

This call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future financial 
performance, new service and product launches, the anticipated split-off of the Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz 
Groups, and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, continued access to capital on 
terms acceptable to Liberty Media, and the satisfaction of the conditions to the proposed split-off. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to 
reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note and Schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 


Gregory B. Maffei 

Good morning and thank you, and thank you all for joining us and for your continued interest in Liberty Media. Today, 
speaking on the call besides myself, we'll have Liberty's Controller, Chris Shean; QVC CEO Mike George; and Starz 
CEO Chris Albrecht. Also available for the question-and-answer session we'll have several senior Liberty, QVC, and 
Starz executives. 

So, first, I'd like to note, as many of you probably did last Friday, the favorable ruling we received from the Delaware 
court regarding the split-off of Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz. The judge basically ruled the split-off does not 
constitute substantially all. The other party in the litigation has 30 days to file an appeal once the final decree has been 
entered. If filed such an appeal, we will seek expedition of the appeal and try and have it heard as quickly as possible. 

As you probably have noted, we set our shareholder vote for May 23. We have said all along that the consummation of 
the split-off is conditioned on a final non-appealable judgment of the litigation. We anticipate that even if there is an 
appeal, we'll be able to complete the split-off this summer. 

Turning now to Liberty Interactive, let me address QVC. QVC faced some economic headwinds and other kinds of 
headwinds during the quarter, led of course first by the tragedy in Japan. There, our new GE Money Bank agreement 
had a negative impact on earnings for the quarter as we'd been noting all along. We had ramp-up costs in Italy. And we 
also had some tough comps from Q1 of 2010. 

Despite that, I think the results were good. I was impressed with the dedication of our Japanese team. Despite all the 
difficulties in that country, they were able to get the station back up on air within 12 days. 

Notably on an operating basis we saw strength in Germany and to some degree also in the United Kingdom. QVC.com 
achieved penetration in the U.S. in the first quarter of 36%. The Internet was up four points year-over-year, and notably 
within there, I was particularly pleased with the growth of mobile. 

In the United States, unlike in Japan, where we've been in the mobile business for a while, we really were not in the 
mobile business two years ago at all. This quarter and for this year I expect mobile will be more than 3% of the U.S. 
business, up more than 200% over last year. 

And what's very interesting is that one-third of that business on the mobile side is already tablets. And the usage, how 
they use the product on tablets, how our customers use the product on tablets is notable; more searching, more looking 
for products, deeper use of buying. I think it's a great opportunity, which the team at QVC is capitalizing on and I 
expect will be a source of future growth for the company. 

Looking at our e-commerce companies, they posted 21% revenue growth year-over-year and adjusted OIBDA growth 
of 61%. Now if we made that pro forma for the deconsolidation of an investment we had, it still was a very strong 32%. 

Looking at Liberty Starz, we had strong revenue and adjusted OIBDA results with solid performance from our Starz 
Media businesses and particularly home video. We were very pleased in addition with the audience response to 
Camelot, which set a viewership record for a Starz premiere. And we increased subscribers at Starz and Encore 10% 
and 6% respectively. 

Lastly, looking at Liberty Capital, SiriusXM posted very strong financial results, driven by excellent operating 
performance, and ended the quarter with 20.6 million subscribers. Adjusted EBITDA was up 15% year-over-year and 
the company continues to decrease its financial leverage. SIRI, the stock, last time I looked this morning was at $2.21 
per share, which values our equity stake at about $5.7 billion, which is about $68 a share of LCAPA, $68 of value per 
LCAPA share. Also during the quarter, we repurchased $31 million worth of LCAPA stock from February 1st to April 
29th. 

So with that, let me turn it over to Chris Shean to talk in more detail first about LINTA's financial results. 


Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive Group's revenue increased 7% in the first quarter while adjusted OIBDA decreased 
1%. QVC increased total revenue by 4% for the quarter while adjusted OIBDA decreased less than 1%. Liberty 
Interactive's other e-commerce businesses grew 21% for the quarter and adjusted OIBDA grew 61% the first quarter of 
2010 included the results of one of our startup businesses that was later deconsolidated. Excluding the results of this 
startup, adjusted OIBDA increased 32%. 

Now let's take a quick look at the Liberty Interactive liquidity picture. At the end of the year, the group had attributed 
cash and public investments of $5 billion and $7 billion in attributed debt. QVC's total debt to adjusted OIBDA ratio as 
defined in QVC's credit agreement was approximately 1.7 times as compared to a maximum allowable leverage of 3.5 
times. 

With that summary, I'll hand it over to Mike George for additional comments on QVC. 

Michael A. George 

Thank you, Chris. In Q1, we drove solid revenue growth against a challenging comparison from last Q1, and consistent 
with the last several quarters, we saw especially strong growth in revenue from new customers, up 17% worldwide 
from last year, and also in global e-commerce revenue, up 16%. While adjusted OIBDA declined slightly from the 
prior year, normalizing for the impact of the Italy startup and the change in our QCard program, adjusted OIBDA 
would have been up 4%. Results were also adversely impacted by the tragedies in Japan, which took us off the air for 
12 days in March. 

Now looking at the results by market, in the U.S., our 3% revenue growth in Q1, while below our trend in 2010, still 
represents a 14% growth rate over the last two years, placing us among the faster growing large retailers in the U.S. 

We saw strong performance in our beauty, accessories, designer jewelry, kitchen and cook, household and consumer 
electronics categories, partially offset by softness in apparel and other jewelry categories. Consistent with Q4, net 
revenue was also affected by lower shipping and handling revenue driven in large part by mix shift to higher ASP 
products. 

Revenue from new customers grew 25% in the quarter, continuing a two-year trend of strong growth in new customers 
as we broadened the appeal and accessibility of our brand. Our e-commerce business in the U.S. also continued its 
strong growth trajectory with revenue up 15%. QVC.com represented 36% of our sales, up from 32% last year. And 
our revenue from products not recently featured on air grew 21% and represented 51% of Internet sales and 19% of 
total sales in the U.S. 

Adjusted OIBDA declined just under 1% due to the impact of the previously disclosed change in the terms of our 
agreement with GE Money Bank for our QCard. If the prior contract had been in place for the first quarter, our adjusted 
OIBDA would have been $10 million higher or a 3% increase over last year. We expect to see a similar level of impact 
until we anniversary this change in August. 

As you'll recall, upon the termination of the prior contract, a $501 million deposit with GE Money Bank was returned 
to QVC. These funds were used to lower interest costs by paying down a portion of QVC's bank facility. Excluding the 
impact of the new GE Money Bank contract, operating margins were essentially flat, the softness in initial product 
margins driven by the continued growth in consumer electronics offset by improvements in freight, distribution, and 
customer service expenses and inventory obsolescence as a percentage of net revenue. 

The U.K. had a good quarter with revenue up 5% in local currency on strength in apparel, beauty and consumer 
electronics partially offset by continued weakness in jewelry. Our e-commerce revenue grew 17% and revenue from 
new customers was up an outstanding 30%. We're also pleased with the initial results from the Beauty Channel, our 
second channel in the U.K. that we launched last fall. 


Adjusted OIBDA increased 11% in local currency, driven by lower warehouse costs, freight efficiencies and lower 
inventory obsolescence. These gains were partially offset by increases in affiliate commissions largely driven by the 
simulcast we launched last year on ITV. 

Our German business delivered another outstanding quarter, and with total revenue growth in local currency of 13%, 
the highest rate of quarterly revenue growth in nearly five years. E-commerce revenue was particularly strong, up 30% 
in local currency, and revenue from our second channel, [ph] Shoe Plus (11:39), while a relatively small part of the 
sales mix, exceeded expectations. We saw a strong growth in apparel, accessories, diamond jewelry, and nutrition. 

We also benefited from a somewhat easier comparison to last Q1, when results were hindered in part by our decision to 
take jewelry off the air for a few weeks to reposition the category. Adjusted OIBDA increased 18% in local currency, 
driven by a reduction in inventory obsolescence as well as fixed cost leverage. 

Turning to Japan, we are very fortunate that none of our 1,500 team members were injured as a result of the devastating 
earthquake that struck the region in early March. We did suffer moderate damage to our distribution center, and as you 
heard, we were off the air for 12 days. We resumed our 24-hour broadcast on March 23rd. 

Our revenue declined 9% in local currency and adjusted OIBDA declined 19%. Adjusted OIBDA margins eroded just 
over 200 basis points, largely driven by negative cost leverage since we made the decision to pay all of our team 
members including our variable call center and distribution staff their full compensation during the time we were off 
air. Also contributing to the decrease were our fixed affiliate subscriber agreements and BS digital broadcasting fees. 

Prior to the earthquake, our gross demand was running up about 7% over the prior year. Since returning to air, our 
gross demand has been running down about 8% to 10% to last year and down about 13% to 15% compared to the 
pre-earthquake trend. We're encouraged by these results as many traditional retailers have suffered more significant 
sales declines. 

At this point it's very difficult to gauge how long the soft consumer demand will continue, but we expect it will be 
some time before things fully return to normal. We have found that discretionary luxury categories like our high-end 
jewelry business have been the most severely impacted. And while at this point we have not been subject to the rolling 
blackouts that are in place in many parts of Japan, there is some risk that this could change as the government steps up 
its energy conservation efforts over the summer. In the meantime, we are doing what we can to implement 
energy-saving initiatives on a voluntary basis. 

I am extraordinary proud of our team in Japan. They have shown amazing resilience and dedication under the most 
difficult circumstances imaginable. And we are committed to doing our part to help Japan recover from this tragedy. 
We have donated close to $2 million to the disaster relief efforts and supported many other volunteer initiatives in the 
country. 

Turning to our newest market, Italy achieved net revenue of $4 million in its second quarter of operation, 140% 
sequential growth over Q4, and had an adjusted OIBDA loss of $10 million. As we discussed on our last call, initial 
sales were softer than we had anticipated; however, we've been pleased with our week-over-week sales growth since 
launch. We do think it'll take some time for the business to ramp, due in part to the challenges associated with 
launching the business in a digital channel environment as well as the time it takes to build awareness and 
understanding of our format and adjust our product and programming mix to what works in the market. 

But despite the slow start, we remain very confident that Italy will be an attractive market for us over the long term. 
Once customers find us and make their first purchase, all of their behaviors are meeting or beating our ingoing 
expectations. They're giving us 95% positive customer satisfaction ratings. They're returning products at a lower rate 
than any other market we operate in. And most importantly, they're exhibiting a level of repeat purchasing that already 
exceeds the high loyalty levels we enjoy in established markets like the U.S. 

In addition, our gross profit margins ramped nicely in the quarter, and with very limited use of promotions, we're 
driving a greater portion of our business at regular price than in any other market. So we can already see that the Italian 
consumers are responding very favorably to our format once they find us and we're confident that the business will 


continue building as we get more consumers to trial us. 

And with that overview by country, I'll wrap up with some general comments about the business. We do continue to 
see an uneven pace to the economic recovery with rising gas prices and other economic challenges creating an 
uncertain outlook for consumer spending, coupled with rising commodity costs that are creating pricing pressures. Like 
all retailers, we're experiencing significant increases in cotton costs and to a lesser extent in leather, along with the 
ongoing rise in gold and silver. These cost increases have had some impact on spring merchandise and will have a 
greater impact in the fall. 

We're working on multiple initiatives from tighter supplier management to changes in design and construction and 
some pricing actions that limit the impact. While we expect these pricing pressures to create some challenges later in 
the year, we'll be less impacted than most retailers given the diversity of our category mix as well as our ability to 
change our assortments in real-time. 

Despite these short-term pressures, we continue to love our differentiated positioning in this market, which we think is 
very well aligned with the long-term secular shifts in retailing, shifts toward the Internet, toward mobile, as you heard 
Greg talk about, toward social networking, toward globalization. We believe we can continue to grow even if economic 
conditions were to worsen by taking a greater share of discretionary consumer spend from traditional brick-and-mortar 
retailers. 

We remain committed to providing our customers in every market carefully curated product assortments surrounded by 
compelling content from topical and relevant programming to inspiring stories and engaging personalities. And we're 
going wherever the customer is going, distributing the content over the growing array of devices and screens that our 
customers interact with every day. As more and more customers interact with their TVs, tablets, and smartphones 
simultaneously, we're creating highly immersive experiences that can't be replicated by either store-based or Internet 
retailers. 

A perfect example of this strategy was our red carpet event in March. We took our customers behind the scenes to a 
QVC-hosted Oscars party in Beverly Hills. Our viewers were able to see and purchase the same fashions that were 
going to be on the red carpet later that weekend, hear the stories and inspirations behind those products from designers 
and celebrities ranging from the Kardashian sisters to Janie Bryant, the costume designer for Mad Men; Melania 
Trump, Joan Rivers, Gossip Girls' Kelly Rutherford, and designer Isaac Mizrahi. 

And for several weeks prior to the party, we drove high levels of customer and viewer engagement through 
behind-the-scenes video blogs and contests on Facebook and QVC.com. And during the broadcast, our customers were 
actively engaged with us, with their friends, and with other QVC customers by, for example, chatting about the party 
on Facebook or sending us tweets that we scrolled across the screen in real-time on our TV broadcast. 

No other retail format creates this kind of immersive experience, one that combines differentiated products, engaging 
personalities, high levels of community involvement and simultaneous engagement over multiple platforms from the 
TV screen to the tablet. And we've also rolled out new smartphone or tablet applications in every market in recent 
months. We're pleased, and as I mentioned, we're also pleased with the initial results from our second channels in the 

U.K. and Germany. 
These initiatives coupled with our maniacal focus on earning and keeping our customers' trust are helping us maintain 
the extraordinary customer loyalty we have always enjoyed while also attracting new customers at record rates and 
driving a share shift from traditional retail. 

And with that, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Let's take a look at Liberty Starz. With the attribution of Starz Media to Liberty Starz as of September 30th, 2010, the 
results for Liberty Starz going forward will primarily represent the results of Starz LLC. Unless otherwise specified, the 


Q1 '11 financial performance metrics are for Starz LLC. That is the combined entity. Which contain the legacy Starz 
entertainment business and the legacy Starz Media business for that same period. 

The figures used for comparison in the first through third quarters of 2010 are for the legacy Starz entertainment 
businesses only as the reattribution of the legacy Starz Media business occurred on September 30th, 2010. Liberty Starz 
attributed revenue grew 28% in the first quarter and adjusted OIBDA increased 22%. At quarter end, Liberty Starz had 
attributed cash of $1.3 billion and attributed debt of only $81 million. 

Now Chris Albrecht will comment on events at Starz. 

Chris Albrecht 

Thanks, Chris. Welcome and good morning. Starz continued its positive business performance trend in the first quarter 
with solid revenue and adjusted OIBDA results and another record high in subscriber levels to flagship Starz and 
Encore channels. Starz posted revenue of $391 million in the first quarter, an increase of $86 million. $65 million of the 
revenue increase was due to the addition of the legacy Starz Media businesses. 

Revenue for the legacy Starz Entertainment businesses grew by $21 million or 7% in the first quarter to $326 million. 
The growth was due to an $11 million increase in home video and international television revenue related to our 
original programming content, primarily the Spartacus franchise. 

The $10 million remainder of the increase for the period was due to higher effective rates for our channels and an 
increase in subscriptions for the Starz and Encore services. Our satellite and telco affiliates were responsible for most 
of the subscription and revenue gains. 

Starz adjusted OIBDA was $131 million in the first quarter. This represented an increase of $25 million or 24%. $15 
million of the increase was due to the addition of the legacy Starz Media businesses. The legacy Starz Entertainment 
businesses' quarterly adjusted OIBDA increased by $10 million or 9% to $116 million. This increase was due to the 
growth in revenue offset by increased amortization costs for additional original programming and consumer marketing 
expenses in support of the Starz original series Camelot. 

Starz's operating expenses increased by $32 million during the quarter. The legacy Starz Media businesses accounted 
for $30 million of the increase, while operating expenses related to the legacy Starz Entertainment business increased 
by $2 million. Starz's SG&A expenses increased by $20 million during the quarter. $20 million of this increase was 
related to the legacy Starz Media businesses and the remainder was due primarily to increased marketing expenses 
related to the original series Camelot. 

Revenue associated with the legacy Starz Media businesses were significantly less than the corresponding period a year 
ago. This was due primarily to the wide release of two theatrical films and three significant home video releases of 
theatrical films in the first quarter of 2010, while in the first quarter of 2011, there were no theatrical and only one 
home video release of a theatrical film in the current period. 

As mentioned at the outset of the call, subscriber totals continued to grow for the flagship Starz and Encore channels, 
with Starz adding approximately 600,000 in net subscriptions since the fourth quarter of 2010, boosting its total by 3% 
to 18.8 million, while Encore subscriptions grew by roughly 300,000 or nearly 1% to 33.1 million. When compared to 
the first quarter of 2010, Starz subscriptions increased by 10% while Encore subscriptions increased by 6%. 

Subscription growth since December 31st, 2010 has occurred for both our fixed rate and consignment rate affiliates. 
Starz saw the majority of its net growth come from affiliates with consignment deals while the Encore growth split 
evenly between fixed-rate and consignment arrangements. 

On Tuesday, Starz filed suit against DISH Network due to an unauthorized free one-year giveaway of our premium 
Starz, Encore channels in violation of the carriage agreement. Our studio output partner Disney filed its own related 
lawsuit against DISH Network on Monday. As this matter is now under litigation, we will not comment further. 


On the last earnings call in February, we announced the AT&T U-verse affiliation agreement extension. On this call, 
we're pleased to say we have entered into a new expanded multiplatform and multiyear affiliation agreement with 
Verizon FiOS. Historically, our premium services have been marketed aggressively and performed particularly well 
with Verizon and AT&T. 

Last month, Verizon FiOS and Comcast XFINITY TV were the first to launch the latest extension of the Starz 
multichannel experience, Starz 3D on Demand. Starz 3D on Demand offers participating affiliates anywhere from four 
to six Starz movie titles in 3D and at no extra charge for Starz subscribers. Services such as Starz 3D on Demand enrich 
the multichannel Starz value proposition and increase satisfaction levels for Starz subscribers. We expect to have 
additional launch announcements in the future. 

Moving on to original programming, Spartacus: Gods of the Arena completed its successful run in the first quarter and 
finished with viewership levels consistent with the strong performance we shared with you on the last call. We estimate 
that approximately six million people watch every episode across linear television, DVR, and On Demand. Production 
is underway on season two and we look forward to the return of Spartacus in 2012, with Spartacus: Vengeance. 

Our current Starz original series Camelot has performed well and exceeded our expectations. Camelot, as Greg said, set 
a new viewership record for a Starz original series premiere, even bigger than that for Spartacus: Blood and Sand and 
last year's Pillars of the Earth. We retain all U.S. pay-TV rights including digital and home entertainment for the 
10-episode series. 

The next Starz original series will be Torchwood: Miracle Day, which premieres this July. Based on the hit BBC 
science-fiction franchise, we own the exclusive U.S. pay-TV rights to the 10-episode original series and we are 
optimistic for its success. 

Last week, production began on Boss, our final original series for 2011. Scheduled to debut in October, Boss is a 
political drama starring Kelsey Grammer as the fictional mayor of Chicago. The first episode is directed by 
Oscar-nominated filmmaker Gus Van Sant, who is making his TV directorial debut. Starz owns the exclusive U.S. 
pay-TV rights for Boss. 

Now over to Starz Media. The Weinstein Company's The King's Speech was released into home entertainment last 
month and is performing well for Anchor Bay. Spartacus: Gods of the Arena and Camelot will also be released to home 
entertainment in the U.S. before year's end. 

As to our animation businesses, we were pleased with the successful sale in March of Starz Animation Toronto, 
recently rebranded as Arc Productions. We maintain a minority interest in the business. As for Film Roman, we're 
continuing to field expressions of interest in the business and will update you with our progress on the next call. 

With that, I'll turn it back over to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean 

Thanks, Chris. Let's take a look at Liberty Capital. Liberty Capital Group's revenue increased to $581 million for the 
first quarter and adjusted OIBDA increased to $358 million. These numbers are substantially bigger than what our 
historical results are, largely as the result of an accounting change that we had related to revenue recognition at 
TruePosition with respect to its AT&T contract. 

This contract was amended, modified during Q1 and as a result of that as well as some new accounting rules that are 
out for this particular industry, the historical amount of deferred revenue and deferred costs on that contract that had 
built up through the years was released through the income statement. I will point out that cash on those contracts had 
already been received historically and that this adjustment is merely an accounting change, not cash earnings. 

Liberty Capital Group had attributed cash in public investments of $7.7 billion and attributed debt of $750 million. 
From February 1st through April 29th, Liberty repurchased 430,000 shares of LCAPA common stock at an average 
price of $72.34 for total cash consideration of $31 million. Cumulative repurchases since the reclassification of the 


tracking stock represent 39% of the original shares outstanding. 

With that said, I'll turn the call back over to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you, Chris, and thank you, Mike and Chris A. for your respective updates. We were, as we noted, pleased with 
the results of our businesses in what we view as a difficult economic or uncertain environment for the consumer. We 
hope to continue that progress through 2011. Our other priorities for 2011 include first at Liberty Media itself, 
completing the split-off of the Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz trackers. As I noted, we hope to get that done this 
summer and hopefully on our next call, we'll be talking about two separate companies. 

At Liberty Interactive and QVC in particular, we're going to continue to focus on the customer, attracting new 
customers and growing the base of loyal customers that we have. We continue to grow our e-commerce businesses at 
good rates, hope to continue that for the rest of this year. We'll focus on rationalizing our non-core investments, as 
we've discussed in the past, and investing our liquidity. If there's a theme across all three trackers, it's that we have 
much liquidity to invest and probably a challenge to invest it wisely in this environment. 

At Liberty Starz, as was noted by Chris, we're going to continue to hopefully cost-effectively develop compelling 
original programming to differentiate and strengthen Starz. We're going to build and enhance the relationships we have 
with our existing and new distributors, and again, evaluate opportunities for cash and balance sheet management. 

And finally at Liberty Capital, we're going to deploy and hopefully invest the excess capital that we have wisely and 
rationalize our non-core investments. 

We appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media. Stay tuned hopefully for a good summer. 

Thank you for listening. Operator, with that, I'll now open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Barton Crockett from Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking the question. I know you're not going to comment on the 
DISH suit, but I was wondering if you could comment on the accounting of DISH's actions, which were kind of 
interesting. And I was curious, when they're giving everyone a free subscription to Starz, could you clarify, is that 
excluded from your subscriber tally and does that have any impact on the revenues you're getting, which I believe now 
are flat rate? That'd be my first question. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: So I'll handle the second part. We do have a fixed rate deal with DISH, so the subscriber 
count is not an issue on that. And on how we're going to look at the subs, this has become somewhat of an issue in 
viewing how our ratings are, so I'll let Chris or Bill comment. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes. I mean as Greg said, from a revenue point of view, this is like any other preview in that 
there are subs that are not counted because we're not getting any revenue from it. The issue was really more in the 
manner of the preview. We do do pre-previews regularly with different affiliates. There's been some information that's 
gone out there on impact on ratings because Nielsen does not differentiate between the promotional subs, the free subs 
and the paying Starz subs. And what we've been able to do over the last weeks is to reconcile those differences and 
report the numbers accordingly. So I don't think there's anything – I hope that answers your question, Bart. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, but when you talk about ratings, I mean can you give us a sense of what the adjustment 
is on ratings and is that reflected in your ratings press releases for Camelot for instance? 


<A - Chris Albrecht>: No, it's not, and there's no consistent impact. It's the people that are sampling Starz 
programming at various times and at various levels. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, and then one other question, if I may, on just thinking competitively, your biggest 
competitor, HBO, is now out with HBO GO, an app that I think a lot of people like. You guys have your Netflix 
distribution and you've kind of gotten out of the direct online distribution business. Is there reason to think that Starz 
should do an app like HBO GO just to be competitive? Is that where you think you need to go? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, first of all, I'd like to say we're not competitive with HBO. We vote for three really 
valuable distinctive brands in the premium TV category and hope that all distributors concentrate on selling those 
brands. Having said that, we are constantly looking at what is out in the marketplace and how we can better enhance 
our experience and build value to the Starz and Encore subscriptions. So we do note what is happening out there and 
we look to see whether it's something that we should be doing as well. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, all right, I'll leave it there. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll move next to James Ratcliffe from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Two, if I could, and actually both on 
LCAPA at this time. First of all on TruePosition if you could just help us out on sort of what that business really looks 
like going forward on sort of a cash EBITDA kind of basis. Just trying to figure out where with the accounting moving 
around how much cash it actually generates. 

And secondly, when you look at the capital available at LCAPA, pretty ample at this point. Can you maybe give an 
idea of just sort of what sort of areas you're thinking about? Greg, you said it's sort of a challenge to invest some of it. 
But I mean, you came to this point. It all started with cable. Is distribution something – asset something you would look 
at as well? Any color around that would be great, thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: First on TruePosition, while there's some volatility in those cash flows, this is a business 
which probably throws off cash of $40 million a year plus or minus. We have two major customers, so there are timing 
issues around what we do and maintenance contracts and the like, but that's a rough number. As far as what you do 
with the cash, we look first probably at extending businesses that we already have because we believe that the 
management teams at those businesses have knowledge which we can leverage and there are hopefully synergies that 
we can leverage that make any purchases that we do attractive. 

We also look to find cases where there are discontinuities because for one reason or another the market has abandoned 
belief in a business or belief in equities overall. Certainly that was – we got a triple whammy on that with SIRIUS and 
we should only be half so lucky again. But that's a challenge because there are – we are in an area of – or a time rather 
of low interest rates, lots of domestic liquidity, and lots of people chasing businesses. So not an easy task and 
something that the Chairman was just berating me about 20 minutes ago. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: And just a quick follow-up on that... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Berating may be too strong; challenging me on the topic. Do you want to add anything, 
John? 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: A quick follow-up on that. I'm sorry. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I was just asking John if he wanted to add anything on that topic. 

<A - John C. Malone>: No, that's enough. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Just a quick follow-up on that, if I could. You mentioned SIRIUS. You're now free if I 
recall correctly to get up to closer to anything south of 51, I guess. Thoughts on if that's a business that you would be 


interested in investing more in going forward in terms of equity or debt capital or happy with the position where you 
are at the moment? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I don't think we have any final statements or resolutions on what we want to do with our 
stake in SIRIUS. We do think it's a great business. We do think the management team there has done a great job. It's 
hard not to be impressed with both the operating performance and the performance of the equity. 

<Q - James M. Ratcliffe>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Richard Greenfield from BTIG. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Yes, I had a question on this situation. Is there any way to think about how DISH has 
impacted your revenues in the past, meaning when you talk about a fixed-rate deal, obviously you don't get paid on 
individual subscribers. But were there tiers where you got paid on or is DISH giving it away no impact on your 
revenues? Meaning if subscribers went up beforehand, was there a level where you actually would have gotten paid? 
Just something so we understand is there actually lost revenue that you're potentially giving up? 

And then did DISH index – over index or under index relative to other distributors? Because obviously in terms of any 
form of renegotiation, I'm just curious how much of your subscriber growth has been driven by DISH over the last 
couple years. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We did not experience any revenue loss with the current DISH promotion. Even with that 
extended time period there is an end to the promotion. So again, it's the manner of it and we performed in our deal with 
DISH even though it is a flat deal, there are escalators. And if we have a – if we compare DISH's performance with 
Starz's product over the last years, I would have to say that it is comparable to our other affiliates, our other strong 
affiliates. And we think that we have a very strong relationship with DISH having recently completed an extension of 
our deal and I'm happy to have them as an affiliate for it. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: So just to be clear, DISH has roughly 2.5 million – my number – subscribers to Starz 
today and tomorrow they have 14 million subscribers. You would end up making more money in a normal scenario? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I'm sorry... 

<A - William D. Myers>: I don't understand what you mean by a normal scenario, Richard. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Well, meaning if they hadn't given it away, if 14 million people at DISH Network decided 
to sign up for Starz versus 2 or 3 million, whatever their share of your overall subscriber base was historically, at 14 
million subscribers versus 2.5, you'd be making substantially more money than you were making yesterday. 

<A - William D. Myers>: Not a fair comparison. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I mean, people have to sign up for Starz or for Encore. Here they were given the product for 
a finite period of time, so it's really apple and oranges. There's no lost revenue and although it's a violation of our 
agreement and it's not – it has no revenue impact on Starz or Encore. I don't know how to answer it other than that. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Okay, I'm just trying to – for your comment about there being escalators with there's no 
lost revenue. Those seem to be at odds with each other. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I would say escalators is actually the wrong term. There are increases built into the contract. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Meaning annual increases, got it. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Yes, annual increases. Escalators is the wrong word. 


<A - William D. Myers>: And if you look at the historical trend of how pay grows, we tried to structure those that 
increase in rate with what we thought would be historically the normal growth you would see in the business. So if you 
went out and said it's 14 million, that's just not normal growth we would ever see on any affiliate. But structured right 
going forward. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: And if there's no lost revenue, why are you suing? Can you just comment on that? 

<A - William D. Myers>: Because they're in violation of the contract with both ourselves and Disney. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go next to Matthew Harrigan from Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. Two questions for LINTA. Firstly, you commented that new customer sales 
were up 25%. I know that's a much smaller bucket than established customers both in numbers and the media spending 
out of the blocks. But it still implies that there was some erosion, maybe a little bit more than usual on sort of the 
existing circle of customers. Is there really a change in the profile of your base as things like tablets and all that become 
more prominent? I imagine that's pretty much at the margin right now and most of it's dictated by the economy. 

And then secondly, given how pricey the e-commerce acquisition market is, in some instances as with Kleiner Perkins 
and you with LOCKERZ, you've done a couple things organically. Is there a possibility of doing more things 
organically where the DNA for the business plan is created in-house as opposed to you going out and buying some 
smaller e-commerce guys that also already have some [ph] mo-mo (44:10)? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I guess addressing the second first, I mean, we would love to say we're in the venture 
business and driving lots of new opportunities. If we find – we've found two, really the restart of the right start, a 
maternity-oriented child – very young children-oriented business that we repurchased out of bankruptcy and have 
restarted. It has both a retail component and an online component. We hope to grow the online component very quickly 
and have had good early success. 

And then with LOCKERZ. But the reality is we're not really a venture capital firm. And we really – it is very hard for 
us to scale to make those kind of opportunity scale. Now these would both fit well enough in our sweet spot that we 
saw an opportunity and a way to manage them that was not onerous or to the overall operations of Liberty, realizing we 
are fairly small here in Inglewood, that we thought that was attractive. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Okay, so it was an anomaly, then? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Sorry? 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: It was an anomaly? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think those were anomalies. That's not to say – I'd like to think we're entrepreneurial 
enough if something showed up we would attack it, but how big do those need to be to make them interesting and move 
the needle? The reality is if you take the Liberty complex, we're looking at $20 billion plus of equity market cap and 
moving the needle is harder. John? 

<A - John C. Malone>: I just wanted to make a brief comment that on allocation of capital to a very large degree, 
we've been frozen. Greg's discretion has been largely frozen pending the outcome of the Delaware litigation at the 
spin-off. So while he has some freedom of motion in terms of some buybacks and not others and some increases in 
investment and not others, I think it's been a frustrating period for everybody because of the litigation and also some tax 
elements that surround the spin-off. So I think you have to take that into consideration in terms of the actions that have 
been taken in the last couple of quarters. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Thank you. Oh, I'm sorry... 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Maybe you could repeat that. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: You had your – your new customer revenues were up 25%. I know those Dallas 
customers obviously weren't down on the revenue side by 25% because the pool sizes are really different. But it still 
looks like there's a little bit more erosion perhaps with the overall revenues of 4Q. Is that seeing some weakness with 
your existing customers? Are you kind of gearing to a different psychographic profile with everything happening on the 
marketing/distribution side now? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Mike, do you want to cover that? 

<A - Michael A. George>: Yes. Thanks, Matthew. I guess the way I would describe it is we do think over time that the 
new customer growth is additive. We don't see it as a substitution in that we're losing core customers as we add new 
customers. We really see it as additive, not a replacement. So turning to the existing customer side, all of the metrics on 
the existing customer are very stable, so we're certainly not seeing any erosion in our high retention rates in existing 
customers. So I would characterize that existing and core customers as very stable. 

You're right to kind of conclude that it's probably not a great quarter for the existing customers in terms of increase in 
their spend. I think that's accurate. And as I look at that I think there's probably two reasons for that. It wasn't a bad 
quarter, but it wasn't a great quarter, and I think there are two reasons for it. One is probably is just the continued 
economic pressures that that existing customer might make one fewer purchase in this kind of an environment. 

And I think part of the reason is also kind of the product cycle we're in. When your apparel and jewelry business is not 
strong, you'll tend to see a little less growth from your core customer because they over index in those categories. And 
so some of this is sort of the cycle of what product categories are hot. Some of it is the economy, but it's not something 
we're concerned about because again the fundamentals are strong. The retention rate is unwavering. The new customers 
are really additive to the existing base and I think as we find new ways to delight them through the course of the year, 
hopefully we can outrun whatever economic pressures they're facing. 

<Q - Matthew J. Harrigan>: Just on consumer electronics, that makes sense. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

The next question will come from Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks. I have one for Greg and one for Chris Albrecht. But just I guess for John or Greg, 
but John, the comment on limitations on buybacks related to the Delaware litigation, can you just sort of reaffirm for us 
what the holdback on the buybacks were? 

<A - John C. Malone>: You'll have to ask our lawyers and our tax guys. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: I'm sorry, but... 

<A - John C. Malone>: Basically distributions in the form of buybacks could be considered taxable distributions, 
which could color the tax-free nature of the resulting spin-off. You've got to be very careful not to create that kind of an 
outcome. And obviously when we're dealing with the sensitive issue of whether or not the split-off constitutes 
substantially all of the assets of the Company, an aggressive buyback plan being executed at the time that we're all 
testifying in front of a judge didn't seem to be particularly convincing that in fact we weren't becoming aggressive on 
distribution of assets. So prudence both on a tax and legal perspective seemed warranted and really has curtailed the use 
by Greg of his buyback authority or of reinvestment or upping investment in existing entities because of those 
considerations. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: And then of the three trackers, where would you say you were holding back related to this 
issue? 

<A - John C. Malone>: Well, obviously... 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Wait a minute. Math tells you that. Come on. You can see where we didn't buy. 

<A - John C. Malone>: Obviously we didn't buy LINTA. We didn't buy Liberty Starz. We did modest purchases in 
Liberty Capital in the recent quarter and we basically were very careful in terms of purchasing additional equity in 
investment entities. So it's kind of across the board. The lawyers got really grumpy when we asked them if we could do 
certain things, so we didn't do them. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: All right. Thanks for the clarification. The questions are, Greg, again, I like you have to 
update the value of SIRIUS almost intraday these days. Does the rise in SIRIUS's stock price make it easier or harder to 
undertake any attempt to monetize the stake in a tax-free manner? And then for Chris Albrecht, I was told that TV 
Everywhere deals caused those traditional subscribers to count against the digital caps for Disney and Sony. Is that 
accurate? And is Starz at the point yet where it's already sharing digital revenue under those output deals? Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: You want to answer your question first, Greg? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I don't know whether the rise in SIRIUS makes it harder or easier to monetize the stake. I 
think it makes us happier yet with the performance of the company. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Okay. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes, let me answer your question by just cutting sort of to the chase part of it, which is that any 
potential revenue sharing due to over-the-top subscribers that Starz may have to pay in 2011 we look at as being 
immaterial. And it's a little more complicated as to how they count and don't count. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: So you might have hit the cap, but it's a small amount of money at this point? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Correct. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. 

<Q - Jason B. Bazinet>: Thanks so much. I think I understand the merits and rationale behind doing the hard spin of 
LINTA. I was just wondering if you could remind us sort of the advantages as we sit here today between having Starz 
and Liberty Capital remain as trackers? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Well, I think we've discussed in the past that the trackers have allowed us certain tax 
advantages, certain flexibilities, and they've also proven helpful where we've had to reallocate businesses or reattribute 
businesses between them. So at some point when things are hardened, you don't know what the future holds, but we 
have no plan or intention of merging those or changing the structure of those yet. 

<Q - Jason B. Bazinet>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Moving next to Ben Mogil from Stifel. 

<Q - Ben Mogil MBA>: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking the call. One quick question I guess for Chris, when 
you look at the full year, and I haven't seen these sort of operating expenses yet for Starz per se, but when you look at 
the full year, do you view the first quarter operating expense to be a little bit lower than what you're looking at for the 
year between sort of the timing of the delivery and therefore the recognition around the OpEx for original programming 
as well as what you're receiving from Disney and Sony in payments on those output deals? 


<A - Chris Albrecht>: Do we look at our program expense – do we look at our operating expenses being less? 

<Q - Ben Mogil MBA>: Well, no, no, I'm sort of more curious if you can walk us through the whole year. Is first 
quarter operating expenses just at the legacy Starz business, i.e., the pay-TV business, is this a little bit – is this a sort of 
a low number for the year or is this kind of a decent run rate for the year? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes, I would have to say it's a low number. 

<Q - Ben Mogil MBA>: Okay, and in terms of like quarterly, can you give us a sense – not a number but just 
directionally is it high in 2, 3, and 4Q? Do you see it moving up and down over the next couple quarters? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes, I don't think we're going to comment about looking forward. 

<Q - Ben Mogil MBA>: Okay, great. Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And the next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks, good morning. I have one for Chris and then one for Greg or John. Chris, on the 
Starz, I guess official 90-day window announcement earlier this year or late last quarter, could you just sort of talk 
through your thoughts there and obviously that will impact – I think it'll impact Netflix. But why was that important to 
do and how do you think that might impact your renegotiations going forward? Then I have one follow-up. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Well, I mean the decision is consistent with the changes that have been going on in the 
marketplace and we thought it was best for our business. But I want to say, it's also not specific to Netflix. It actually 
affects all Starz Play affiliates. So although the attention, the light always gets shined on the Netflix relationship, it is 
not a Netflix exclusive change. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Okay, great. And then, James sort of asked this question earlier, but I'll try it again. 
There's a lot of cable property in the U.S. on the market, Greg or John, and the debt markets have a much more bullish 
view of the cable business than the equity markets do when you look at where rates are. So just wondering why that 
isn't an opportunity for you given your history in the industry? And in that context given the other assets at Liberty, 
how are you feeling about all the over-the-top and behavior of media companies in putting content online? Do you 
think we're in a good place now or do you think we're still in a place where they're pushing a little close to the edge in 
terms of disrupting their own business model? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I'll comment. I know John has lots of good opinions on this as well. I think the cable 
business remains a very attractive business and in many cases often you see some of these plays hedged on their 
impacts of the video business and potential declines in the video business and increases in the data business including 
over-the-top data streams, which are large consumers of their data numbers. So I think we look in many cases I think 
probably sympathize with the debt guys. This is a very attractive business that will throw off a lot of cash. There may 
be pressures in the short term on rising video costs. There may be issues around over-the-top, but a lot of those are 
mitigated, and they have attractive new business lines such as the growth in business services that are high margin and 
attractive and high returns on capital. John, do you want to add anything? 

<A - John C. Malone>: I agree. I think the cable business in the U.S. looks very attractive. It looks like the telcos are 
not going to aggressively overbuild cable with fiber. And so cable has a definite advantage when it comes to high speed 
broadband, which seems to be something the public is totally in love with. 

So as always in the cable business in my, whatever it is, 40 years in it, it's all about government regulation and 
technological change. But for the moment, cable looks terrific, but it does not look like cable is that dominant in video. 
In other words, they are continuing to be flat to slightly down in video share. They may turn that around a little bit as 
they get random access. But for the moment, it looks like satellite and telco are continuing to gain video share, but the 
cable guys are driving to some incredible high penetration rates on broadband. I'm very impressed to hear that Comcast 


went – has 17 million broadband customers out of what was it, 22 million? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: 22 video, 17 data, 10 VoIP. Wasn't that the number? 

<A - John C. Malone>: Yes. I mean, I never should have sold At Home to AT&T. But no, I think cable is very strong 
on the broadband side. And I think the threat of wireless broadband taking away high speed connectivity is way 
overblown. There just is not enough bandwidth on the wireless side to substantially damage cable's unique ability to 
deliver very high speed and activity. 

So I think everybody is going to do well in this mix. And certainly in the video area, the big issue is margin squeeze, 
strictly coming out of sports. It's probably the biggest issue that cable operators face on the video side. Over-the-top 
cuts both ways. I think for the cable guys, over-the-top will really drive broadband penetration. And broadband, other 
than in the FiOS area, cable is pretty much a monopoly now. I don't want to use that word. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Okay. Any other questions? 

Operator 

Go ahead, sir. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Yes. I was going to say as a follow-up, when you guys go look at – or if you were to 
look at a Charter L.A. or Insight, is the interest rate environment also cutting both ways? Is it just that the private equity 
guys can spend money at a level that Liberty can't or won't? Or do you have advantages from a strategy perspective in 
going after those assets? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: I think there's problems in that the low interest rate environment makes people very 
aggressive, able to bid aggressively, but also the reality is the negative situations, witness Bresnan, witness, I suspect, 
Charter L.A., that people with synergies, whether they be – the video purchasing [indiscernible] (1:00:34). 

<A - John C. Malone>: Look, all you have to do is analyze our pathetic effort to buy Bresnan over in one of my 
entities, where there was a 20% swing in the cash flow based surely on programming discounts. So unless we were able 
to get in in a huge way or with a partner who could deliver to us those kinds of efficiencies, scale efficiencies, I think 
it's a nonstarter for us to invest in the cable business. We're much more likely to do it as a lender or in some other – as a 
technology provider than we would be in terms of a direct owner. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Unless we really plunge [ph] a pick (1:01:26). We've got to get... 

<A - John C. Malone>: Yes. And you know, we did the arithmetic on taking over Time Warner Cable. And I couldn't 
quite talk Greg into it. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We won't necessarily blame Greg; let's put that point aside. 

<A - John C. Malone>: No, the reality is in the cable business you need massive scale. If you don't have it you're 
really fighting an uphill battle. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks a lot for the call. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We're bored out here in Colorado; we look at all the numbers. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Jaison Blair from Telsey Advisory. 


<Q - Jaison T. Blair>: Thank you for taking my questions. If Starz layers on incremental digital revenue, let's say 
Netflix gets renegotiated at $250 million or $300 million plus of annual revenue... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: Whoa, time out. That if is a big if, my man. 

<Q - Jaison T. Blair>: Yes, I said if, I said, or another digital video provider comes along and offers you additional 
incremental revenue. How might that affect your original programming strategy? I guess how do you think about the 
trade-off between a structural step-up of margin structure with owning additional rights and original programming? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: We are building our expense model based on our current revenue model and we are not 
speculating on any deals that are not contractually committed. So we honestly never even had those discussions. I'm not 
being funny, I mean, we know... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei>: We're scaling original programming for the size of the business we have. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: We are scaling all of our expenses to the size of the business we have today. 

<Q - Jaison T. Blair>: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei 

Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning and we'll look forward to seeing you in a 
quarter. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. Thank you for attending, and 
have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


