Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer of QVC, Inc. 
• Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group 
Other Participants 

• Robert Peck 
• John Malone 
• Jessica Reif Cohen 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Jeffrey Shelton 
• April Horace 
• Doug Mitchelson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to this Liberty Media Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Today's call 
is being recorded. 

This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financials, guidance, business strategies, market potential, future 
financial performance, new service and product launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in market 
acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues and continued access to capital or terms 
acceptable to Liberty Media. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained 
herein to reflect any changes in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto to any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances, on which any such statement is based. Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Liberty Media 
including the most recent forms 10-Q and 10-K for additional information about Liberty Media and about the risks and 
uncertainties related to Liberty Media's business which may affect the statements made in this presentation. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures; the required reconciliations, primarily note and 
schedules 1 through 3, can be found at the end of this presentation. Nothing contained herein shall constitute a 
solicitation to buy or an offer to sell shares of the re-classified Liberty Capital trading stock or Liberty Entertainment 
tracking stock. The offer and sale of Liberty tracking stocks in the proposed re-classification will only be made 
pursuant to Liberty's effective registration statement. Liberty stockholders and other investors are urged to read the 
registration statement including the proxy statement, prospectus contained therein filed by Liberty and the SEC because 


it contains important information about the transaction. A copy of the registration statement and the proxy statement 
and prospectus are available free for charge at the SEC's web site, htpp://www.sec.gov. 

At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Greg Maffei, please go ahead. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Hi, it is Greg Maffei, good morning and thanks for joining us today. We remained busy in Q3. We have had several ups 
and downs over the past three months, and I'm looking forward to sharing them with you this morning. Today I'm 
going to talk a little bit about those recent events at Liberty and also discuss briefly the operating performance of the 
assets and businesses attributed to the LINT and LCAP tracking stocks. 

On the call today we have our Chairman, John Malone, the QVC CEO Mike George and CFO Dan O'Connell; the Starz 
Chairman and CEO Bob Clasen, President and COO Bill Myers and EVP and CFO, Glenn Curtis. We also have several 
of my fellow senior Liberty executives who will also be available to answer questions after the prepared remarks 
portion of the call. The first speaker on the call is going to be our Controller at Liberty, Chris Shean, who is going to 
discuss Liberty Interactive's results and Liberty Capital's results and also the liquidity picture of both of the attributed 
tracking stocks. Then we will have QVC CEO Mike George talk about recent developments at QVC, followed by Starz 
CEO Bob Clasen to talk about recent events at Starz. 

First I'm going to highlight a couple of the other developments at the corporate level. As some of you may remember, 
we, on October 23rd our shareholders approved the issuance of two new tracking stocks. The first of these, Liberty 
Entertainment has attributed assets that include our expected 40% stake in DIRECTV; three regional sports networks, 
those being in the Northwest, Rocky Mountain and Pittsburgh; Starz Entertainment; FUN Technologies -- our 53% of 
FUN Technologies; our 50% interest in GSN, formerly the Game Show Network; and our approximately 33% interest 
in WildBlue, a satellite company. In addition, the Liberty Entertainment tracker will have about 551 of attributed 
exchangeable debt and about 1,087 million of cash. 

So thinking about that new Liberty Entertainment attributed equity, I want to first highlight how pleased we are with 
the excellent performance at DIRECTV. They had a very strong quarter, gross adds up, churn down, net adds up, 
ARPU up; clearly the move to high-def and DVRs is requiring capital but it's paying off with high quality subs. We 
expect, as a the direct management team, that hardware costs are going to continue to fall, reducing the cost of 
upgrades and that they are working and will be successful to reduce the cost of truck rolls and installs. The regional 
sports networks that we are also going to be receiving in the expected News Corp deal also performing well. Good 
ratings on the Mariners' performance and the Rockies' performance. I think most importantly, related to these assets, we 
are looking forward to closing that deal and moving towards the next phase of Liberty Entertainment. 

Liberty Capital will have the remaining – the new Liberty Capital will have the remaining attributed assets, business 
and liabilities that were previously attributed to Liberty Capital, other than those that I just mentioned that are being 
attributed to Liberty Entertainment. These new trackers are expected to be issued immediately after the completion of 
our exchange with News Corp. 

Just to highlight again, the purpose of these trackers is first to reduce complexity, particularly at Liberty Entertainment; 
to allow investors to further focus their capital in the equity that they find most attractive; to create a currency, 
particularly at Liberty Entertainment, for enhanced financial flexibility; and to further concentrate our remaining 
non-core assets at the new Liberty Capital. 

A couple of other highlights of note during the quarter, yesterday at FUN Technologies we reached a definitive 
agreement to acquire the outstanding 43%. That agreement was unanimously approved by the independent directors. 

Turning now to some of the operations at Liberty Capital, revenue growth at Starz and the ongoing reduction of 
programming costs led to very satisfying increases in OCF – very pleased with that. We are also pleased with strong 
operating results at several of our other Liberty Capital affiliates including the Braves. 


At Liberty Interactive, just to highlight first, we are not planning any changes today in the Liberty Interactive tracking 
stock and they are not impacted, Liberty Interactive's tracking stock is not impacted by any of the creation of the two 
new tracking stocks at Liberty Capital. 

On an operating basis, clearly we are disappointed with the continued softness of QVC. QVC US had weak 
performance across many product categories in a difficult market; QVC International had good performance at UK, 
quite strong quarter, but weaker performance in Germany and Japan which continue to encounter difficulties. Mike 
George will talk about those businesses in far more detail in a moment. While we are disappointed with those 
operations, we remain quite appreciative of the free cash flow generation capabilities at Q. 

During the quarter, driven primarily by that, we repurchased about $500 million of equity since Q2 ended, at Liberty 
Interactive. Today we estimate that excluding the public stakes that are in Liberty Interactive and taking those stakes at 
market, Q is taking at about eight times expected 2008 EBITDA. This doesn't take account of obviously its large free 
cash flow generation capabilities, which are very positive relative to its EBITDA stream. 

Since we issued those tracking stocks, the initial set back in May of '06, we've bought back more than 14% of the 
common stock at Liberty Interactive. Recently, our board authorized the purchase of up to an additional $1 billion. We 
still have under four times leverage on a net debt basis, both trailing and pro forma at Liberty Interactive. So we are 
enthused about the opportunity to potentially shrink more equity. We also at Liberty Interactive had solid operating 
growth year to date at Provide, Backcountry and BUYSEASONS, our three e-commerce businesses. 

Lastly, to talk about a development at Liberty Interactive, I think we are quite pleased with Barry Diller's planned split 
up of IAC. I think first it highlights the value of the components there, which we don't think have been fully recognized 
in the marketplace. And I think it will allow us to begin a dialog with IAC about how we are going to work together in 
the next phase of our relationship. Not sure where that is going to turn out but expect it will be positive. So with those 
comments let me turn it over to Chris to talk more about the operations. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks Greg. Let's start by take a look at Liberty Interactive. This quick snapshot of the third quarter revenue and OCF 
performance indicates that Liberty Interactive's attributed businesses continued at a slower pace of revenue growth and 
experienced a decline in operating cash flow during the third quarter. QVC is the principal driver of performance 
among Liberty Interactive's attributed assets and its performance was sluggish. This was primarily driven by the 
continuation of difficult market conditions, challenging comparisons to last year's strong results for the same period, 
and continuing operational challenges at QVC's international businesses most notably in Japan and Germany. I will talk 
a bit more about this shortly. 

Looking more closely at Liberty Interactive, overall LINTA's businesses achieved 4% revenue growth and experienced 
a 1% decline in operating cash flow. As I will discuss in a bit more detail in a moment the pace of revenue growth 
remains slow at QVC and operating cash flow declined during the third quarter. Provide Commerce and 
BUYSEASONS, which were acquired in 2006 experienced modest year-over-year revenue growth during the period 
and have shown solid year-to-date revenue and operating cash flow gains. Backcountry, which was acquired in June 
and is included in third quarter results doubled its revenue during the quarter, that's compared to its pre-acquisition 
prior year quarter, and has experienced strong year-to-date gains in revenue and operating cash flow. 

As Greg mentioned earlier we continue to repurchase LINTA shares. During the quarter we bought back 14.9 million 
shares for $289 million. This coupled with our repurchases in October brings our total repurchases for the year to more 
than 46 million shares and over $1 billion. Since inception of the LINTA share repurchase program we have now 
reacquired over 14% of the outstanding shares. We continue to believe in share repurchases as a solid means of 
enhancing shareholder value, and we will continue to evaluate opportunities to cost effectively shrink LINTA equity. 
To that end our board recently approved the repurchase of an additional $1 billion of -- $1 billion Liberty Interactive 
stock buyback announcement. 


So taking a closer look at the quarterly performance at QVC, QVC experienced consolidated revenue growth of 2%, to 

1.69 billion during the quarter, and a 1% decline in OCF to 364 million. Domestic revenue grew 2% in the second 
quarter to 1.17 billion. The slower growth reflects softness across most major product categories. Total units shipped 
increased 1% for the quarter to 28 million while the average selling price grew 1% to $45.89. Domestic OCF increased 
2% for the quarter to 278 million while the OCF margin was largely unchanged at 23.7%. Dot-com sales continue to 
grow as a percentage of overall domestic sales, rising from 19% in the third quarter last year to 21% this year. 
International revenue increased 2% to 512 million for the quarter while OCF declined 8% to 86 million. The revenue 
growth was due to favorable foreign currency exchange rates in the UK and Germany, partially offset by lower average 
selling prices in all of QVC International's markets, operational challenges in Germany and the ongoing effect of 
changes in the enforcement of Japan's regulation of the marketing of health and beauty aids in that country. The 
operating cash flow decline was due to lower gross margins that were the result of higher product distribution costs and 
higher operating costs in the areas of commissions, customer service and SG&A expenses. Excluding the effect of 
exchange rates international revenue declined 3%, while OCF declined 10%. 
QVC Germany and Japan as expected continue to experience challenges. The German business was affected by 
productivity challenges across most categories; this contributed to a modest decline in the ASP, average selling price, 
and a reduction in units shipped that resulted in an 11% local currency revenue decline. QVC Germany also 
experienced a lower gross margin and higher operating cost percentage. The lower gross margin percentage was due to 
a lower initial product margin, and higher product distribution costs. QVC Japan experienced a 3.2% local currency 
revenue reduction and lower ASPs were partially offset by unit increases. QVC Japan's management continued to ship 
product away from the health and beauty category to the apparel and accessories categories, home and jewelry and 
experienced productivity gains in each of these categories to which it received -- shipped product. On a more positive 
note we continued to experience improved results in the UK, where QVC produced 9.3% local currency revenue 
growth and even larger gains in operating cash flow. 

Before I walk through the Liberty Interactive liquidity picture I'm going to turn the call over to QVC's President and 
CEO, Mike George who will discuss QVC's operations in more detail and talk a bit about some of the new initiatives 
the company launched in the third quarter. Mike? 

Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer of QVC, Inc. 

Thanks Chris. As Chris mentioned I will provide a little additional background on the Q3 results and then give you a 
brief update on some of the growth initiatives that we have been driving. In the US, as Chris described we saw a 
continuation of the soft business trends that began in late April, with most merchandise categories under-performing 
our expectations. However, while the sales results were clearly subpar, consistent with our long-term approach to the 
business, we avoided turning to pricing or promotions to artificially inflate the top line. As a result we were able to 
keep gross margin rates relatively flat to last year, contain expenses, and grow EBITDA consistent with sales. Even if 
this soft business trend continues we are committed to staying out of the promotional fray in the holiday season and 
believe we can maintain stable gross margin rates in this environment. 

With the weak retail environment in the US clearly impacting our results we need to raise our game to outperform. We 
are focused on that. We are focused on continuing to enhance our assortments and brands, creating engaging 
programming and dot-com experiences, and most importantly ensuring strong day-to-day execution of the business 
fundamentals. And of course we will continue to focus on tight expense and inventory management to avoid any 
significant fluctuations in our margin rates and profitability. 

Turning to Germany, the results were poor on both the top line and the bottom line. Sales were hurt by our efforts to 
reduce reliance on a small number of core brands that have been over-rotated and ASPs and margins were impacted by 
some markdowns we needed to take to clear out under-performing inventory especially in the apparel zone. In 
Germany, as we have discussed on prior calls, we are focused on the fundamentals of cleaning up the inventory, 
diversifying the product and programming mix, we had been overly dependent on a few categories in the past, and 
moving our business away from promotional price points. We remain confident that we will make progress against 


those goals over the next several months. However, as I mentioned in our last call, I don't want to try to predict the 
timing of a turnaround until we know we can deliver on it. So we will stay focused on key milestones and just moving 
the business towards a healthier long-term model for the business. 

The Japan story remains largely the same as the last two quarters; we are focused on replacing the businesses that have 
come under increased regulatory scrutiny. When I first shared the regulatory challenges with you in our Q1 call I told 
you that I thought we would anniversary the issue by next March which is when the regulatory impact first hit us. 
However over the course of the summer several additional products came under regulatory scrutiny. As a result we 
continued to withdraw from key product lines in our health and exercise categories over the course of Q2 and Q3. We 
believe that as of the end of October, we have addressed all known regulatory issues, although we can't rule out the 
possibility of further impacts down the road. But we don't think they are likely. As a result of these actions, we did see 
continued sales erosion in both Q2 and in Q3, and again we won't fully anniversary the impact of having pulled out 
these products until Q4 of '08. So we do need to get past October to be completely anniversaried of all these known 
impacts. Now having said that, I'm actually encouraged by Japan. We are making more progress than we anticipated, 
growing our apparel, accessories and jewelry lines at accelerated rates to compensate for the significant reduction in the 
health and exercise business. So those businesses are growing faster; on the flip side the regulatory challenges were 
even greater than we anticipated when we last talked. So while we are not seeing it on the top line yet, we believe this 
business is fundamentally healthy and will show strong results once we anniversary these regulatory issues. 

Finally, as Chris mentioned, the UK was a bright spot in the quarter, with solid revenue growth and very strong 
EBITDA results. 

Looking forward, we will remain focused on the core initiatives we have been discussing over the last year. For 
example, we will continue to add top tier destination brands and innovative key items into our assortments. Our recent 
launches of Samsung, Garmin, Acer, Sharp AQUOS and Flatkin in the US home category as one example have 
exceeded our expectations. As you know we launched the new QVC logo and branding in late September to very good 
reviews and positive customer feedback. We believe this is a strong step forward in updating our image and broadening 
our appeal and will provide important benefits over the long-term. 

We have been migrating our customers to the new QVC.com site over the course of October. We now have all 
customers on the new QVC.com. And while there is always some short-term negative impact when you convert 
customers from a site that they knew well to a new site, we're very excited about the new QVC.com. We think it 
provides a strong foundation for future growth and we will be launching many new features early next year including 
more integrated video applications to continue to bring the value of our video skills to the Internet. 

Finally, we also announced this morning that we will be simulcasting our US program in high-definition by Q2 of next 
year. And we are currently talking with all of our major distribution partners about carrying a second QVC channel in 
the HD tier. We believe this will broaden the range of customers we reach. And with that I'll hand it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks Mike. Let's take a quick look at the LINTA liquidity picture. We continue to maintain a strong capital structure 
with good liquidity at the businesses attributed to Liberty Interactive, have distributed cash and public investments of 

5.2 billion, and have 7.1 billion in attributed debt. The increase in the debt balance during the quarter was primarily the 
result of ongoing Liberty Interactive share repurchases during the quarter. Excluding the value of the investment 
positions in Expedia and IAC, Liberty Interactive's quarter ending attributed net debt of just under 6.4 billion equates to 
a multiple of approximately 3.7 times annual operating cash flow. As previously stated, we would be comfortable 
sustaining net debt levels of 4 to 5 times OCF. As a result, the Liberty Interactive businesses have significant liquidity 
to grow organically and through acquisitions and to continue to shrink LINT equity as appropriate. 
Now let's move on to Liberty Capital's businesses. As Greg mentioned earlier, late last month we received shareholder 
approval to, upon completion of the News Corp exchange, to re-classify our Liberty Capital tracking stock into two 
separate series of tracking stocks, one called Liberty Entertainment, the other Liberty Capital. We believe this will 


produce reduced complexity, greater focus of assets, stronger currencies for financial flexibility and increased 
concentration of our remaining non-core assets. Overall during the quarter Liberty Capital reported a 52% revenue 
gain, while OCF increased by a robust 438% primarily as a result of some new businesses that were acquired. LCAPA's 
largest attributed operating asset, Starz Entertainment, which does not include Starz Media, is continuing to strengthen 
its cash flow. During the quarter its revenue grew more than 11% to 282 million while it experienced a 96% OCF 
growth to 88 million. I will talk about this more shortly. 

Now, let's take a closer look at Liberty Capital events during the second quarter. As I mentioned LCAPA's attributed 
revenue grew 52% in the quarter while OCF more than quintupled. Revenue growth resulted from strong revenue 
growth at Starz and the inclusion of Starz Media and the Atlanta Braves partially offset by lower GAAP revenue at 
TruePosition, which has been required to defer revenue recognition until it's delivered all of the software features 
required pursuant to one of its major contracts. The sharp increase in OCF is principally driven by strong growth at 
Starz also and the inclusion again of the Braves offset by a decrease in OCF at TruePosition and an operating cash flow 
deficit at Starz Media. 

As we continued our efforts to complete the News Corp exchange during the quarter, we did not use any of the 
significant capital resources attributed to Liberty Capital to repurchase its common stock. Since the issuance of the 
LCAPA tracking stock we have repurchased approximately 8.2% of the LCAPA shares outstanding. We continue to 
hold large cash reserves attributed to LCAPA and upon issuance of the new tracking stocks, will continue to evaluate 
share repurchases as a means of enhancing shareholder value as our liquidity position warrants. As I mentioned a 
moment ago, we continue to work on the completion of the News Corp exchange and hope to close that transaction 
during the fourth quarter. We are also evaluating numerous other transactions and report on those as they arise. 

Now let's take a quick look at Starz. Starz continued to experience solid subscriber growth in the first quarter as Starz's 
average subs increased 7%, while Encore's grew 9%. In the quarter this subscriber growth along with a higher effective 
rate, due to the retroactive recognition of revenue related to the short-term extension of our DIRECTV contract, 
combined to drive an 11% overall revenue growth. We had a couple of revenue growth mitigating items during the 
quarter, including changes in the rate at which certain customers are paying under expired contracts that are under 
negotiation for renewal, and the shift of former Adelphia subscribers to the lower rate Comcast and Time Warner 
contracts. Starz's operating expenses declined 7% for the quarter, largely the result of a decline in programming 
expense, and the reversal of an accrual for movie copyright fees. The reduction in programming costs resulted from 
lower effective rates for the movies shown in the quarter partially offset by increased costs from a higher ratio of first 
run movie exhibitions versus library product exhibitions. Starz's SG&A expense was largely unchanged for the quarter. 

Now we are going to have Bob Clasen say a few words about Starz Entertainment and Starz Media. 

Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment 
Group 

Thanks Chris. Once again, we are pleased to report that subscriptions to Starz and Encore continued to grow in the 
fourth quarter -- or the third quarter for the fourth quarter in a row, reaching 16 million for Starz and seeing Encore 
pass 30 million homes. These gains, coupled with higher effective rates and a continued decline in programming costs 
served to drive significant operating cash flow gains. However, we have several expired affiliate agreements. The 
completion of negotiations of new, mutually beneficial carriage agreements that will allow our business to continue to 
grow remains a top near-term priority. 

I'm also pleased to report that we are nearing the launch of the first original series ever shown on the Starz channels. 
These two half hour comedies, Head Case and Hollywood Residential, will begin airing in January so be sure to tune 
in. 

Starz Media revenue increased again this quarter versus the same quarter a year ago. The company has begun 
production on eight live action made-for-TV movies and four television series for first run on basic cable programming 


networks, and it continues to do animation work for The Simpsons and King of the Hill. During the quarter our Toronto 
animation studio began work for hire on two major CG theatrical films after completing the VeggieTales pirate movie 
that Universal will release in the first quarter of 2008. Our Overture Films unit continues to add to its slate with the 
acquisition of The Visitor, winner at the Rome Film Festival, and announced that its first film, Mad Money, starring 
Queen Latifah, Katie Holmes and Diane Keaton, will premier in theaters nationwide on January 18th. 

I would be remiss not to make a quick statement on the writers' strike. As most of you know the Writers Guild of 
America initiated a work stoppage this past weekend. Our current movies and series are fully scripted and either in 
production or set for production so for the near-term it is business as usual at Starz. Should the work stoppage be 
protracted we will make adjustments as necessary but the impact, certainly on the fourth quarter appears to be minimal. 
I will turn it back over to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks Bob. Taking a quick look at Liberty Capital's liquidity situation, the LCAPA businesses remain in a position of 
financial strength. At quarter end, and including our News Corp stake LCAPA was attributed with approximately 16.9 
billion of public investments and derivatives. This is largely unchanged from the second quarter. In addition to our 
public holdings, Liberty Capital has attributed cash and liquid investments of just over 2.7 billion at quarter end. Total 
cash and public holdings approximate 19.6 billion and are only partially offset by a 5.3 billion face amount of attributed 
debt. This provides Liberty Capital with significant flexibility to grow its businesses and will play an important role in 
the strategic direction of these assets going forward. 

Now with all that said I will turn the call back over to Greg who is going to quickly recap the third quarter and talk 
about what's ahead for us for the remainder of the year. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

So thanks Chris and thank you Mike and Bob for the updates on your businesses. So as you can see it was another busy 
quarter. At Liberty Capital we had strong operating performance, Starz, and most of the other affiliates. We talked 
about the approval received for the issuance of our new trackers. And we are working to close the News exchange 
agreement. At Liberty Interactive, we were disappointed with the growth. We believe management has got a firm 
handle on it, and we remain optimistic about the long-term performance of the business. And we were fairly pleased 
with the performance of our other Internet affiliates. As you know we continue to buy back stock, having bought back 
almost -- or more than 14% of the stock since we issued these trackers. 

Looking ahead, I think as you know we are first going to move to close that News deal. We are going to look to issue 
those trackers and we're going to continue to think about ways to optimize our non-strategic assets over at Liberty 
Capital and put together synergistic operating businesses at Liberty Interactive and Liberty Entertainment, create as 
much financial flexibility as possible to think about consolidating various assets, and above all focus on trying to grow 
shareholder value. With that, let me turn it over to the operator and open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We will go first to Robert Peck with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Hi. I have two quick questions, the first, Greg, is for you. Could you give us a little more color 
around the IAC spin and what the implications are for Liberty. Are there any sort of tax implications that would stop 
any deal being done for a swap for HSN. Could you also talk about how your voting rights would be applied to the 
various businesses. And then I have a follow-up for Mike. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. Robert. I think to a large degree many of the answers to those questions are 
unknown. I don't believe there are any tax implications from the spin itself. The question of how we redeemed or traded 
our stock for positions in one or the other of operating businesses including potentially HSN, you know, we -- it could 
be more attractive candidly to do that before a spin. You could come up with lots of scenarios. But we have not really -we 
know we've played our hand and had our dialog with Barry about potential transactions prior to the spin that haven't 
reached fruition. So we will continue that dialogue heading into the spin and see where we end up. As far as where 
Barry's -- where our, you know, where our super vote goes and where Barry's proxy goes, it is complicated. It is 
somewhat related to where Barry's still CEO and what we negotiate with him. So I would have to tell you that I think 
we are going to a negotiation phase. And where we come out the other side, I cannot predict which businesses will be 
ultimately owned, consolidated, held at all by Liberty or frankly by IAC or its affiliates. I think the fact that it is 
happening will create opportunities, but I don't know exactly where they are going to go in terms of our relationship. 
Mostly I think it is going to show and continue to increase the value at IAC and that's a positive for us. John, do you 
want to add anything on that? 

<A - John Malone>: No I think it is terrific for us. Each one of these businesses will now have clear, independent 
management for the most part. And whether we increase, decrease or what relationship Liberty has with each one of 
these units, will be determined I would guess, over the next six months. I think it is, it represents great opportunity for 
Liberty and frankly for IAC shareholders generally to focus their investment and their interests in the areas that they 
think appeal to them the most. It also creates the possibility of capital structures in each one of these businesses that 
take advantage of their particular cash flow and tax posture. So I think it, it goes a long way toward resolving what's 
long-time been a mild disagreement between Mr. Diller and myself about the appropriate use of leverage in each of 
these businesses. Some of these clearly will have superior economic returns based upon leveraged balance sheets. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Greg just to be clear then, post spin with HSN, would any HSN deal therefore then be taxable? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: No. 

<A - John Malone>: No, I think the right way to look at it would be to say that there would be Morris Trust issues 
related to a change in either voting or equity ownership in excess of 50% from the existing shareholder group. Since we 
already have 56%, I believe, of the vote -


<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think it is now 58, but it's something like that, yes. 

<A - John Malone>: Or 58. We cannot violate Morris Trust by changing our voting relationship. We might be, to 
some degree limited, for some period of time in how much of the equity we could own in a cash transaction. But you 
know, who knows. That depends on the capital structure with which this business is ultimately spun. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: All right. Shifting gears for Mike then. Mike, HSN actually had a pretty good quarter, up about 
5% or so. Could you talk a little bit about the differences that QVC is seeing and do you think you can start emulating 
some of that growth that HSN is seeing? 

<A - Michael George>: You know it is hard for me to compare with HSN. I obviously don't know any more details 
than you all know in terms of what's behind that. You know, we have obviously had a very strong record of growth for 
a number of years and we are at a very different place in terms of our profitability rate which is roughly 4 times HSN's. 
So you know, we have chosen a path that we think is the most positive for the shareholders, which is to maintain our 
margins, avoid heavy promotional activity. Our promotional activity is a fraction of HSN's. And we think that's best for 
the long-term. When you are in a period of, you know, comping a number of years of high growth and in a period 
where there clearly is some skittishness in the economy and in retail spend, as we saw with yesterday's announcements, 
it is clearly having an impact on us. We have not been able to rise above it. 

So we are just going to stay focused on our business. We think there are enormous growth opportunities we have in 
front of us in terms of product categories and just in terms of great day-to-day execution. So we, you know, we rip 
apart the business every day. We try to find ways to create more exciting experiences for the customer, bring in new 
brands, we think that's right for the long-term. But when the business is fundamentally healthy, we don't think we need 


to go to the pricing lever. We would rather just keep working on the fundamentals of exciting that core customer with 
great product. And I think we will, you know – over the long run, we are very comfortable that that will get us the 
growth that we need. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Yes, Robert, I – this is Greg. I have to comment this – almost the premise of the question 
frankly, because if you are – and look, we are big shareholders in IAC and I'm not – I hope they succeed very well. But 
the comparison of somebody who has had very weak comps for a long period, invested heavily in a lot of promotional 
items and a lot of promotional inventory and then, when that bar is lowered enough, hurdles over it at least only in the 
revenue line, but doesn't reach it anywhere nearly on the profitability or free cash flow line, it is a little bit of an unfair 
comparison to say, wow, home run! So I think we would be very happy and are very happy with the relative long-term 
performance and continued cash flow generation capabilities at Q, relative to H. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Thanks everybody. 

Operator 

We will go to Imran Khan with JPMorgan. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Bridget Weischaar in for Imran. A quick question about domestic QVC, given the weakened retail 
environment and your nonpromotional stance, have you seen any changes in your inventory levels there? 

<A - Michael George>: Yeah Bridget, we've been actually very pleased with our ability to manage our inventories – 
obviously always challenging when the sales come in below your expectations. But we have been able to keep 
inventory on plan – and you know, for the most part feel very comfortable with [audio skip] the quality of the 
inventory. 

<Q>: Great. And then a question on Japan. Can you give us any insight into how much of the business is now under 
regulatory environment in terms of the product percentage? 

<A - Michael George>: Yes. Clearly, the biggest impact is in the health category. The health category, to give you a 
feel for that, if you look at the combined – the combined health – the health category fell from about 21% of our 
business a year to a little less than 9% this year. So you have, what was not quite a quarter of the business that is 
reduced to less than half of its current size. There are some impacts in a few of the home categories, primarily in the 
exercise fitness area. So that's having an impact but it is a smaller impact. 

Again, as I mentioned earlier, what's encouraging to us is, we had 20, 30, 40% kinds of growth rates in apparel, 
accessories, and jewelry, so – although with some more air time. We feel good that those businesses are growing, but 
we have got about a quarter of the business that really is in a very challenged state. 

<Q>: Great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

And we will next go to Jessica Cohen with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Thanks, also a QVC-related question. I was wondering on the – back to HSN if you could 
be more specific on the pros and cons of combining with HSN from both a revenue and a cost perspective. Because we 
have heard – previous QVC management have – we have heard many views expressed on that. And then also, could 
you comment on how much jewelry is of the, of the business right now and the impact with gold prices increasing? 

<A - Michael George>: Sure. On jewelry, the jewelry business is about a quarter of our business in the US; as we have 
mentioned on prior calls, the gold component of that business has continued to struggle, and unfortunately, we thought 
we might see some stabilization but obviously gold has reaccelerated. And we don't see any end in sight. So our gold 
business is in negative territory. And gold is probably roughly a quarter to a third of the total jewelry business. There 


are other parts of jewelry that are doing reasonably well. Our gemstone business is particularly strong. So while gold is 
a bit of an anchor in the business, it is – the rate of decline has probably slowed. And there are other things working in 
jewelry so that we think over the long-term we can manage around that issue. 

On HSN, I guess I'll make a couple of comments and then Greg, if Greg wants to add to it. What we have said in the 
past on HSN is at the right value we certainly think there is some benefit to the ownership of the two companies. But 
we don't think the hard synergies are significant. By hard synergies I mean clear cost take-out. So you would have to 
run two largely independent businesses and the real costs are around the product and the operation of the channel so I 
think you would see fairly modest hard synergies and the wild card are kind of the softer benefits of being able to 
perhaps counter-program the two channels, you know, leverage, you know, share vendors in the right way or other 
approaches to sort of, you know, present a more unified face to the customer. But those are fairly untested. So you 
certainly wouldn't want to pay a premium to get those benefits. So at some cost those benefits, you know, at some cost 
we think there is value in HSN but the hard synergies are just not that significant. 

<A>: Next question. 

Operator 

And our next question will come from Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thanks, two quick questions. If I can just go back to the stated objectives with the new trackers 
at Liberty Capital, I'm still sort of hung up on this 551 exchangeable over at Liberty Entertainment. Because it seems 
like there is a risk that it reduces the amount of holdco discount that will be reduced by sort of muddying up the story a 
bit. So my question is, is that designed to give you the flexibility to convert to an asset-backed security at some point in 
the future? In other words, is that why you put debt there at all? And then my second question on Q and H, do you 
think there is an opportunity to sort of, if you get control of the asset to go after a very different demographic at H as 
opposed to sort of going after the same demo, which I think you are broadly today. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, Jason I will take a cut at the first one and then let Mike handle the second. Obviously we 
hope not to muddy the water. And given the amount of cash that we sent over with the exchangeable, I don't think that 
is an issue. There were some, I would say relatively tax motivated reasons we thought that it would be better to leave 
the exchangeable with -- or rather in, to put it in the new tracker. I would actually say it is probably the reverse of what 
you are suggesting, in terms of a hard spin. Because while one doesn't know exactly how a hard spin would work, if 
one did a hard spin, that 551 Viacom exchangeable is an obligation of the parent, which really is old Liberty Capital, 
and would likely either need to be transferred, attributed back or paid off, depending on whatever set of circumstances 
you could imagine. So Liberty Entertainment is unlikely, if it ever were hard spun, to ever end up with that debt per se. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So I don't think that's the motivation. Hopefully we will be able to walk through and explain in 
clarity what the balance sheet of Liberty Entertainment, which is very underleveraged theoretically, looks like. Given it 
has got net cash of about almost $600 million, $550 million, hopefully we will be able to walk through and explain that. 
Mike do you want to address the second? 

<A - Michael George>: Sure. I'd say as kind of general statement it's – we've found that it is hard to be too targeted or 
too narrow in the demographic reach that you go after and get the kind of revenue level that you need to support a 
national channel. Our approach has always been to try to appeal to the broadest range of demographics that we can. 
And we do find even within Q, that the demographics for, you know, a Bare Escentuals beauty hour is wildly different, 
as you might expect, than a NASCAR hour, to pick two extremes. So typically the way our business works, and I 
suspect H is the same way, you need a diversity of programming that appeals to a broad range of demographics. And 
then the, you know, the demographics vary a lot throughout the course of day or a week or a month. You know, that 
said, is there some opportunity to more sharply differentiate the two formats on some dimensions, there might be, I 
can't honestly say that I've studied it carefully to give you a really thoughtful response. So there certainly may be some 


targeting opportunity, but as a general statement you typically need to reach for a fairly broad audience to drive the 
kind of revenue we need to make the format work. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: That's great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we will go to Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Hey guys, it is Ben Swinburne, how are you? 

<A>: Hi Ben. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Hey, a couple of questions. Greg you made a comment up front, I wanted to get a 
clarification on the LCAPA, that you didn't buy back stock in LCAPA during the quarter. Was that due to a restriction 
or just by choice? And then on the QVC business, Mike you talked a lot at the Analyst Day -- or Investor Day about 
new markets. Any change or update there based on the performances in Germany and Japan on sort of where you are 
focused or what the timing might be. And then lastly for John and Greg, if you guys could give us your completely 
unbiased view of the cable and satellite results this quarter, would appreciate it. [laughter]. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Okay, I will -- why don't we do the Q first and then I'll, we'll go right into LCAPA and sat 
versus cable. You want to talk about Q international markets Mike? 

<A - Michael George>: Yes, thanks Ben. No new news on international expansion. You know, as we did talk at the 
Investor Day, we remain interested and are in active, I would characterize it as active discussions with potential 
partners in a few different markets. And as I mentioned there is nothing imminent on the horizon. And to the point you 
called out, Ben, you know, we will be cautious about taking on another market until we are confident that not only do 
we have the right opportunity but we have the management depth, to take it on. Clearly David Frey and our 
international leadership team are very focused on addressing the issues in Germany and Japan. We want that to be their 
overwhelming focus, and we don't want to create a lot of distraction by trying to start another market. But having said 
that we are in active discussions and if the right opportunity presented itself to us, and we were confident that it was a 
good long-term opportunity, you know, we would go after it. But we will do it in a measured way, and make sure that it 
doesn't distract from driving the kind of results we need to see in the three existing markets. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Ben, on the stock question, you know, while I don't think we would call out what did or didn't, 
usually did it, or drove rather our purchase or lack of purchase decisions, I think we have been relatively consistent in 
saying Liberty Interactive has an enormous free cash flow generating asset in QVC. And so one would expect, all 
things being equal, systematic shrink as the most logical way for us to do that. To the degree we don't have 
opportunities that we see to add synergistic e-commerce and brand assets and brand businesses which we have done 
some of, but to the agree we can't consume all that free cash flow, it is likely that we will continue to repurchase stock. 
And given especially the under-leverage fully above the fact that we are sub four and we believe four to five is 
achievable on a net debt basis and manageable, it is likely we will continue to shrink systematically to get to that target 
and take advantage of that free cash flow. 

Over at LCAPA we have done one big shrink in the form of a self tender, but our progress there has been what we call 
episodic, meaning if there is a transaction which generates capital and frankly, in 2006 and into 2007 we had several of 
those, including the Time Warner exchange, the sale of On Command, the sale of Court, we will consider cash flow 
utilized -- or utilizing the cash rather from those transactions in repurchasing stock. But there is no sort of episodic or 
rather there is no continuing shrink there. And frankly there was nothing in the quarter that we did which generated 
significant cash at Liberty Capital. There was the free cash flow generation at Starz, but relative to the scale of what Q 
does and relative to the scale of Liberty Capital, it is not the same. 

So that's sort of the logic and mentality for it. And frankly, until we know where we end up, post the subsequent 
trackers, the new trackers, you know, we are going to probably watch and see how those trade. And we are going to 


watch and see the free cash flow generation capability that DIRECT has and what our access to that capital is and how 
we utilize that would probably – before we make any dramatic moves. 

As far as the progress of satellite versus cable, I think we are very gratified on several levels. We believed when we 
were looking at becoming shareholders in DIRECTV, that the market probably had overreacted to the power of the 
bundle, that much of what -- clearly a bundle has positives, but much of what it could do and how it would hurt 
DIRECTV was already being absorbed and DIRECTV had ways to go directly to customers and create bundles with 
telcos that would provide an effective means of getting to customers. And offsetting that we saw, and we endorsed 
what management was doing with its focus on HD, its focus on going for the best customers in the marketplace who are 
video oriented and the DVR segment as well, and its focus on the TV experience and content. I think we are gratified 
that they have executed very well on that plan. They continue to show upside. And they appear to have run room; 
satellite appears to have run room in the marketplace. We believe that competing on that differentiated experience, 
better video, more choice in video, more choice in content, a great TV experience, all of those are very attractive and 
they are going to give us some run room here. Will it be forever, who knows. But I think satellite has got several more 
quarters of good growth relative to the cable choices and we are gratified that it is working that way. John, you want to 
add anything? 

<A - John Malone>: Yes, just looking at the quarterly results the cable guys are still eating into the telcos in data and 
telephony. The video side seems to be favoring satellite at the moment, I think primarily driven by more choice in 
high-definition which is clearly an edge at the moment in virtually all markets, so DIRECTV over any of its 
competitors. And I think also, I think DIRECT did an excellent job of differentiating itself in sports. So not only do 
they have high-def sports but they have taken essentially the high end, or the high road in differentiated sports so that, 
you know, whether it is the investment in the Sunday Ticket or what they do on NASCAR in terms of multiple 
channels when the races are on, they have done an excellent job of exploiting differentiated content at high-definition. 
And given the public's rather accelerating take-up of high-definition now on large screen, it's pretty clear. I used the 
analogy the other day, I've got a treadmill and my wife bought me a large screen TV that sits three feet away from the 
treadmill. And DIRECTV which we have at home is currently offering most of their high-def channels back-to-back 
with their standard definition channels. So you can, by clicking back and forth, you can see the football game in 
high-def or in standard def and it's dramatic, to the point where you know, if I could only watch it in standard def I 
probably would be very unhappy and go seek an alternate supplier. 

I think that that is starting to impact the high end of the marketplace in favor of DIRECTV and, as Greg says, you 
know, it is hard to project how long it will take cable to be able to come up with something equivalent. But I don't 
believe that switched digital, which is essentially the technological solution that the cable industry is hanging their hat 
on will be adequate to close the gap. And certainly not adequate on a ubiquitous basis, so that these opportunities to 
differentiate on high-def firepower will persist for an extended period of time in at least part of the country and that 
satellite will be able to exploit that, and particularly DIRECTV. Obviously, we are thrilled with the current results and 
we think that they pressage a pretty strong potential in the exploitation of video. I wouldn't cry for the cable guys. I 
mean they are doing extremely well, on higher margin products that they are eating into the telcos with. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: And going forward – I guess going back for one sec, we had a period where it was perceived 
cable had a big advantage because of the bundle and they do. They, as John notes, are generating lots of RGUs, even at 
a, perhaps a slowed rate versus the telcos but they've generated a lot of RGUs and taken telco share. During that time, 
people were quite negative about DIRECTV, many people, and we saw, and followed – frankly followed what the 
management team there did, we are not going to claim credit but we saw what they were doing and were endorsers of it 
in terms of their bet on the video capabilities and the video experience. And we see that paying off. As John notes, how 
long that will go on, it's just a constant game of innovation and the key is to find niches where you can be the leader 
and be providing a differentiated experience. And we think DIRECT's got lots of room to do that, for now in HD and I 
think down the road in content and the TV experience, what they have planned could be very interesting and very 
powerful. 

The last thing I would note is the opportunity created by having a national business, the one offset that we appreciate, 
and I think if the DIRECT management team is smart, and we can help, there's ways to think about exploiting the fact 


that we have a national business. The guys who are hurting the most are the ones who are under fire from the strongest 
telco product and where the telcos have been strong and obviously particularly where they have FiOS. That is a very, 
you know, that is a tough product to compete against, particularly given the amount of marketing and dollars being 
invested by the telcos. And we are lucky to have a balanced business that can absorb, A) those were not the areas where 
we were strongest, DIRECTV, and B) we have an ability to grow in other markets. 

<A - John Malone>: I think I would add to what Greg is saying about ubiquity. When you have a national business, 
i.e., your services are ubiquitously available, it gives you enormous opportunities in content that frankly TCI and cable 
never had because of the Balkanization of the cable footprint. So that is a very important ingredient long-term that 
favors a satellite footprint over a cable footprint, i.e., the ability to make a decision on content and have that content 
available ubiquitously across the whole country. A cable operator, even one as big as Bryan is still limited to a footprint 
that maybe 30, 35% of the country and then only if all of its facilities are equally capable of adding an incremental 
service. At DIRECTV, if they have room to add an incremental service, it automatically is incrementally available on a 
national scale. This is a huge advantage for satellite over cable, and believe me, when I've been on the other side of the 
equation, I used to worry about that a great deal. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'll test the same – the offset to that is that cable has lots of advantages by being regional and 
they are doing quite well. The best case for everybody would probably be if people gravitate towards their respective 
strengths, and to some degree, that's happening. We will see how it plays. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks guys. 

Operator 

We will move next to Jeff Shelton with Natexis. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Thanks, just one quick IAC follow-up question. At this point, do you guys have any hard 
blocking rights over the ultimate IAC spin-off structure? 

<A>: That's a legal question. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Yes, I think we would argue that there are restrictions on what IAC can do and not do. But we 
will have some of that dialogue with IAC. 

<A - John Malone>: But as announced, the answer is yes. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Does there need to be another Board vote or not? 

<A - John Malone>: Oh, yeah, there will have to be many, many board deliberations at IAC before the actual spin-off 
can be implemented. And there will have to be a resolution of these open issues relative to the relationship between 
Barry and Liberty. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Maybe two more questions. 

Operator 

Okay. We will go to April Horace with Janco Partners. 

<Q - April Horace>: Hi thanks. A quick question on QVC. I was wondering are you guys exploring moving to more 
of an interactive platform similar to what HSN did with DISH and do you think that would add incrementally to the 
revenue streams? 


<A - Michael George>: We -- April, we are -- we do explore it. We have tested interactive applications a few years 
ago and didn't see a lot of benefit at that time. As you may know, we have interactive application in the UK, which we 
have had for over five years. So we kind of pioneered that concept in our UK business. And so I think we know a fair 
amount about it from our learnings in the UK. At a high level, we don't see it being much of a revenue driver. And 
certainly our five years of experience in the UK as well as our testing that we did in the US, in neither of those 
experiences do we feel that it materially added to revenue. But it can save some expenses, depending on whether 
people use that application versus a live operator or an automated voice response unit or the Internet. So depending on 
what ordering mechanism it substitutes for there can be a modest cost savings. 

We remain interested in it, and as the technologies mature and it becomes an easier experience for customers, I think it 
is probably likely that we will adopt interactive applications. You know, for us the upside is to look down the road and 
to see whether beyond just simplifying the ordering mechanism there are really value-added applications that create a 
superior experience for the customer. And I don't think the technology is quite there yet. But it will probably come. We 
are going to be testing a number of really interesting applications in our UK business next year on this platform that 
will basically give the customer a choice of watching the live show or watching a video-on-demand channel or 
watching shows that had aired earlier in the day. So that it gives the customer more choice and control over what she's 
watching on TV. So – now obviously that platform is different in the UK than what we have in the US market. 

So a long way of saying, we think it is interesting. We know quite a bit about it. At the right time in the US we will 
probably do something. Do we see it as being a significant revenue adder? Maybe in the long-term if some of these 
value-added applications emerge. Not yet, but potentially down the road. 

<A - John Malone>: I think one of the most interesting potential applications, as you know PVRs are exploding in 
terms of take-up rate. The ability to push a video into the PVR and make it randomly accessible by the consumer could 
well be the application that ultimately benefits QVC in terms of broadening its audience and giving better access to 
selected products or something of that nature. So you know, I've long been a proponent of interactive television. The 
opportunities are still there, the technology has not quite matured on the video side the way it has on the Internet side. 
When it finally does, I think the ability to sell products to mass audiences on an impulse basis will turn out to be huge. 
The only place that we have ever seen it demonstrated are, what you call per inquiry type ads, which is actually a pretty 
big industry by the way, of somewhat schlocky products, can still generate some huge amount of revenue both for 
network owners as well as proprietors. That's sort of a demonstration of the firepower if you can put an offer in front of 
a large audience. And you know, the opportunity to do that, which may not be QVC specific as much as it is a benefit, 
say to DIRECTV eventually or anybody who can network and preload, make video-on-demand the reality on a 
real-time basis and then cross promote it, I think still remains an unexploited but very large opportunity. 

<A>: Great. Last question please. 

Operator 

And your last question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Yes, good morning. Wanted to know if you could talk a bit more about Starz Media, how big 
the feature film slate is going to be, the impact on OpEx and synergies with other parts of Liberty. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Hey Bob, you want to comment? 

<A - Robert Clasen>: Sure. Overture Films is looking at 40 titles, a whole slate of films over the next five years so 
eight to 10 each year, they have already announced the first eight films and we would expect that there will be about 
seven or eight released in 2008. Again, these films are typically in the negative cost range, anywhere from 5 million to 
north of 50 million, although our focus is acquiring only US rights. And so as we have reported, we are looking to have 
an average acquisition price, or production price of only about 15 million. We are actually thrilled with their initial 
slate that includes Righteous Kill with Pacino and De Niro, very highly anticipated, just wrapped. We are just finishing 
an Emma Thompson, Dustin Hoffman film in London and of course the Mad Money story is almost every where from 


People magazine to Oprah. So there is an awful lot of excitement about that that will be released in January. 

Our view of this, of course, as we have said before is that Starz Entertainment acquires about 110 new output titles each 
year to fuel our viewership on the Starz channels and that, you know, buying eight or 10 of those a year from ourselves 
and our affiliated companies seems to make a lot of sense. We think there are other synergies to our home 
entertainment business, through Anchor Bay that will be distributing these domestically as they come to that market. 
Also digitally, you know, we have a company now that, or a division within Starz Media that sells to everyone from 
Netflix to AOL to Amazon and we will be very active moving product to the new digital technologies as they come 
available. We think it works very well on an integrated basis and will give us very high quality films to anchor our 
Entertainment channels, and then of course go into our library after they have gone through their broadcast window and 
so on, and be available for us over the next 10, 15, 20 years. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Do your current suppliers feel any kind of competitive pressure from you at all? 

<A - Robert Clasen>: Well, that's a great question. I remember for the first time meeting with Universal a few years 
ago. They actually took the other position at Universal and I think at Sony – we'd think differently of you if you also 
produced product. As opposed to just being a passive distributor. And our relationships, I think, with most of our major 
studio partners, you know the Disney lawsuit aside, are very positive. There are a number of studios who are concerned 
obviously about the status of their pay TV deals and we become, we have become over the last few years the largest 
acquirer of independent films because of all the channels we have to fill for the premium space, and are looking to 
actually acquire even more rights for those, for home video and even for domestic television which will give us another 
spin, anchored by our ability to put them on a pay television service. And I think that we are exploring with a number 
of the other studios things that we might do together on a production basis that would give them some access to the 
Starz pay business, but also give us an opportunity to leverage their tremendous production capacity and creative 
environments. So I think there is, the synergies are popping out all over the place frankly. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think Overture and Starz Media open up a whole bunch of options as Bob has noted, that I 
think we are just beginning to explore and hopefully over the next couple of years we will really be able to take 
advantage of. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Great. Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Operator and everybody who listened in, and asked questions, and look forward to talking to you at the end 
of Q4, if not before. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation. And have a great day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


