Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment 
Other Participants 

• Jason Bazinet 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• David Gober 
• Jeffrey Wlodarczak 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Bridget Weishaar 
• James Ratcliffe 
• Matthew Harrigan 
• Murray Arenson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future financial 
performance, new service and product launches and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking 
statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by such statements. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained 
herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary notes and Schedules 1, 2, 3 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you, Operator, and good morning to all of you and thank you for joining us, and for your continued interest in 
Liberty Media. 

Today, we'll discuss the performance in Q2 of the company and the largest, the operating results of our largest 
consolidated subsidiaries. Speaking this morning on the call with me we've got Liberty Controller, Chris Shean, who 
will discuss the attributed businesses' financial results and the liquidity picture for each of the trackers, QVC CEO, 
Mike George, Starz President and COO, Bill Myers and an assortment of other Liberty, QVC and Starz executives who 
are all available to answer your questions. 

During the quarter we continued to see quite strong operating results at Starz and at our eCommerce companies, and 
you'll hear more about that from both Chris and from Bill. And importantly we saw improving results at QVC, our 
largest controlled subsidiary, and you'll hear more about that from Mike George. 

Here at corporate we strengthened the balance sheet considerably, retiring about $1.94 billion face of debt on a 
corporate-wide basis. That included about $750 million of bank debt at QVC, and retirement of certain maturities as 
straight debt and other purchases in the marketplace. All together we brought that debt in at a discount to face of about 
$275 million. I think you should expect you'll see more debt retirement coming in the quarters ahead. 

Our public equity portfolio grew in the quarter nicely, about, over $2 billion. That was paced by gains in DIRECTV of 
almost 1 billion, Expedia of over 400 million, the IAC spin companies, a substantial gain, and of course SIRIUS XM, 
which grew about 200 – over $200 million in the quarter. Since we struck the SIRIUS XM deal back in February, 
March, we're up over 1.3 billion. I note of course, none of those fish are in the boat yet, so we're not counting on them, 
but it is nice to see them marked well. 

At Liberty Entertainment, as I mentioned, Starz Entertainment had very good results, nice revenue growth and very 
strong adjusted OIBDA growth. We continue to make progress on our DIRECTV transaction. With the IRS, we're 
awaiting a response on our private letter ruling, but are confident. At the FCC, it looks like the transaction will be 
considered pro forma, and with the SEC we expect to re-file with our completed proxy in mid-August and expect to 
vote in early October. I'd note that during the quarter, driven by the share repurchase at DIRECTV, the Liberty interest 
exceeded or raised almost 56%. 

At Liberty Interactive, as I mentioned, QVC had very strong sequential domestic revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth, 
and the adjusted OIBDA margin increased. The eCommerce companies grew in revenue and adjusted OIBDA, in part 
due to some acquisitions, but on any basis, they are performing quite well. Chris Shean will talk more about those in a 
minute. And importantly, led by our Treasurer, Dave Flowers, we extended the QVC debt maturity through 2014 and 
took a lot of pressure off the balance sheet at QVC. 

At Liberty Capital, Starz Media revenue and adjusted OIBDA both improved over the last year, and we continue to 
make progress on the debt structure, as I noted. A couple of other things before I turn it over to Chris, we established 
the Media for Liberty Award, to talk about economic freedom, and we added a new independent Board Member, Ian 
Gilchrist, late of Citibank, and we are happy to have Ian aboard. 

So Chris, let me have you start by talking about the LIG's financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive Group's revenue decreased 1% to $1.9 billion, while adjusted OIBDA increased 
slightly to $412 million for the quarter. QVC, the primary driver of the results amongst the Liberty Interactive 
attributed businesses, continues to operate in a challenging retail environment, and QVC's total revenue decreased 4% 
to 1.7 billion, while adjusted OIBDA decreased 4% to $373 million. 

eCommerce Group of companies at Liberty Interactive, which include Provide Commerce, Backcountry.com, 
Bodybuilding.com and BUYSEASONS, again posted positive financial results. In total the eCommerce group 
experienced revenue growth of 31% in the second quarter, and adjusted OIBDA grew 56%. The increase in revenue for 


the quarter was driven by organic growth at all the eCommerce companies, combined with two small fold-in 
acquisitions made in 2008, which contributed 26 million in revenue during the second quarter. 

Included in organic growth for the quarter is about $5 million of commissions earned when customers sign up for a 
third-party online discount program, which is slightly different than the standard revenue stream that these businesses 
have. The increase in adjusted OIBDA was primarily driven by revenue growth as discussed above. 

During the second quarter, QVC amended their bank credit facilities and extended maturities through 2014. 
Concurrently QVC retired $750 million of loans at par and canceled another $19 million of unfunded commitments at 
no cost. The remaining 4.48 billion outstanding principal will mature in six tranches between June 2010 and March 
2014. 

Cash used to retire the 750 million of loans came from a combination of $250 million of cash from QVC and $500 
million in the form of inner-group loans of 250 million from each of the Entertainment group and the Capital group to 
the Interactive group. Inner-group loans are secured by various public stocks attributed to the Interactive group, accrue 
interest quarterly at a rate of LIBOR plus 500 basis points, and are due in June of 2010. 

Additionally, QVC modified their revenue recognition policy through an FOB destination model this quarter. This 
model is considered more appropriate given QVC's history of providing replacements for goods damaged in transit. As 
a result of this modification, there has been an immaterial one-time adjustment, decreasing revenue by $21 million and 
adjusted OIBDA by $8 million. Excluding this adjustment, consolidated revenue would have decreased 3% and 
OIBDA would have decreased by 2%. 

With that I'll hand it over to Mike George for additional detailed comments on QVC. 

Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thank you, Chris. We were very pleased with our Q2 results, which represented a significant improvement over the 
trends of the last few quarters. We see these results as a positive sign that our actions are paying off, even as underlying 
consumer spending remains week. In the U.S. net revenue fell 2%, a strong improvement from the negative 9 to 12% 
trend of the prior three quarters, and we were particularly encouraged by the continued strong growth in qvc.com, 
which was up over 10% from last year. 

As in recent quarters, we saw strong growth in computers and consumer electronics and to a lesser extent in beauty and 
handbags. The kitchen and floor care and fashion jewelry businesses also showed some very nice gains over past trend. 
And while the apparel business remains soft, the declines have moderated from prior quarters, and we increasingly feel 
that we have real upside in that category as well. In contrast, the fine jewelry business remains very difficult, as it has 
been for several quarters. 

We also saw a significant reduction in return rates in the U.S., from 20% in Q2 of last year to 17% this Q2, driven by 
product mix and other initiatives we're pursuing. U.S. adjusted OIBDA declined 3% in the quarter, and it was down 
only 1% prior to the revenue recognition adjustment that Chris mentioned. This is a significant improvement from the 
double-digit declines we experienced in prior quarters. Product margins were down about 60 basis points, due primarily 
to a shift in mix away from higher margin categories and to a lesser extent increased markdown use in apparel and 
jewelry as we strive to keep our inventories clean. 

Bad debt expense was up 39 basis points. That's about half of the increase that we experienced in Q1. Our QCard bad 
debt write-off rate was 7.5%, up from 6.7% in the prior quarter. These results reflect a moderation of the increases 
we've seen for several months, and our write-off rates remain well below those of other card issuers, as we continue to 
manage credit conservatively. 

These declines were largely offset by significant improvements in our cost structure, including greater productivity in 
our distribution and call centers and lower freight costs, as we implemented several initiatives to optimize our freight 
network. And we continue to tightly manage inventory, with our overall inventory level in the U.S. down 10% from 


last year. 

Turning to the UK, we saw our sales up 1% in local currency, reversing the negative trend we experienced in Q1. We 
saw gains in fashion, beauty and computers, offset by some weakness in jewelry and consumer electronics. Adjusted 
OIBDA was down 1% in local currency, driven by a decline in initial gross margin due in part to the impact of foreign 
exchange movements. 

This decline was partially offset by a significant improvement in our fixed cost structure as several cost management 
initiatives began yielding results. We successfully managed down our inventory levels in the quarter, with ending 
inventory 15% below yearend levels, although inventory remains about 5% over the same time period last year. 

In Germany, net revenue increased 1% in local currency, our fourth consecutive quarterly increase. This largely reflects 
the success of our strategy to double the beauty and health business, which grew nearly 70% in the quarter, coupled 
with increases in our footwear and home businesses. These gains were partially offset by continued weakness in 
jewelry and apparel, where we continue to pull back air time to fund these other up-trending categories. 

Adjusted OIBDA in Germany was up a strong 12% in local currency, driven by a lower obsolescence rate and 
improvements in our cost structure. These gains were somewhat offset by a reduction in initial product margin, as we 
cleared out poor-performing jewelry items. While we have some more clean-up to do in apparel, we feel that our 
inventory in Germany is in the best shape we've seen in years. Total inventory levels declined 10% over last year and 
are now at their lowest level since 2006. 

In Japan, net revenue was down 3% in local currency. This is the first negative sales result we've posted in Japan in 
several quarters. As I mentioned on the last call, consumer spending in Japan is significantly challenged, impacting our 
results in the quarter. That said, we continue to take aggressive actions to drive sales. Our fashion and jewelry 
businesses remain strong, and we believe we have real opportunity to improve our home and health and beauty 
businesses, which can provide upside to the recent trend. 

Adjusted OIBDA in Japan was down 4%, largely in line with the revenue decline. We achieved meaningful 
improvements in our fixed cost structure, offset by the higher cost of television carriage, as our sales decline created 
negative leverage on contracts that charge a fixed fee per subscriber. 

Wrapping up, as I mentioned at the outset, we are very encouraged by these results and gratified that our actions are 
beginning to take hold, offsetting to some degree what continues to be a very weak retail environment in all markets we 
operate in. We're seeing the positive results of our ongoing efforts to shift sales into higher-performing categories, 
reduce inventory levels, manage down return rates, and cut expenses. 

At the same time, we're continuing to invest in the business, taking advantage of the current crisis to out-innovate the 
competition. We're developing new Internet, CRM and broadcast management platforms, which will roll out over the 
next 6 to 12 months. We're continuing to expand our presence in the high-definition tier in the U.S., with QVC HD now 
available in over 15 million homes in the U.S., a significant lead over any other shopping channel. We continue to add 
new features to our mobile platform, and we are on track with Italy, which will be our fifth market and scheduled to 
launch in the fall of next year. 

And most importantly, we continue to invest in elevating the shopping experience, offering truly distinctive products 
and programming to our customers, as we strive to make QVC the premier retail destination. For example, in Q2, we 
premiered QVoyager jewelry direct from Istanbul, took our viewers to the Aspen Food and Wine Festival and the 
Yankees Stadium inaugural season, launched runaway designer Carmen Marc Valvo's Home collection, Cindy 
Crawford's beauty line, Elisabeth Hasselbeck apparel, and featured the CEW's Insider's Choice Beauty finalists, and our 
customers responded strongly to a number of great TSVs [Today's Special Value] in the quarter ranging from Dooney 
& Bourke handbags to a best of Bobbi Brown beauty collection, Dell XPS notebooks and Sharp AQUOS high 
definition TVs. 

Our efforts to redefine the shopping experience were perhaps best exemplified by the recent Wall Street Journal story 
featuring our new partnership with Isaac Mizrahi. We will be broadcasting several hours of programming monthly with 


Isaac live from his design studios in New York, as we build a lifestyle brand around him, which we expect to become 
one of our top five brands. This is creating a great deal of interest in the industry and among customers and 
non-customers and shines a spotlight on our efforts to move our brand forward and gain market share. 

And with that I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Let's move on to Liberty Entertainment. Revenue grew 2% in the second quarter to $367 million, while adjusted 
OIBDA increased 44% to $89 million. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by the results of Starz 
Entertainment. The increase in adjusted OIBDA was due to positive results of Starz Entertainment, partially offset by 
expenses related to the proposed split-off of the businesses Liberty Entertainment, LEI. 

Now, Bill Myers will comment on the events at Starz Entertainment and Media. 

Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment 

Thank you, Chris. Starz had another strong quarter. Starz Entertainment revenue increased 8% to 296 million, and 
adjusted OIBDA increased 54% to 105 million versus the same period of the prior year. The increase in revenue 
resulted from an increase in rates and the growth in the average number of subscription units. The higher adjusted 
OIBDA resulted from the increased revenue and a decrease in operating expenses. The operating expense decrease was 
due to lower licensing fees for films, somewhat offset by increase expenses for original programming and lower sales 
and marketing expenses. 

Versus the first quarter of 2009, Starz subscription units declined 3% and Encore subscription units declined by 1%. 
This decline in subscriber levels resulted from several factors. Many of our affiliates initiated rate increases in the first 
half of this year on both basic and premium tiers, even as the economy caused consumers to tighten their belts. 

The pace of new home construction has declined sharply, which has lowered new connections for both basic and 
premium services, and during the second quarter, we did not have access to national marketing campaigns with several 
of our affiliates. We are currently working with our affiliates on several marketing campaigns to sign up new subs and 
retain existing subscribers. However, given the current economic conditions, we cannot predict whether or not we will 
experience further subscriber erosion. 

We continue to work to increase the value of Starz profits for our affiliates and consumers. In the past year, we have 
added such features as more high definition channels and additional on-Demand and HD on-Demand programming. An 
indication that our products can become even more valuable to our affiliates and consumers came this quarter when 
Comcast announced the trial of a service that will allow existing Comcast Starz subscribers to access Starz movies and 
originals over the internet. 

During the quarter, we reached new multiyear affiliation agreements with DIRECTV and DISH Network, two of our 
largest affiliates. We continue to ramp-up our original programming, which allows us to establish a unique identity 
with our audiences, gives us a library of proprietary programming to which we have unlimited rights, provides a new 
source of income through syndication, home video, Internet and other distributions platforms. 

In the second quarter, we started production on "Spartacus", our new action adventure, hour-long dramatic series from 
Sam Raimi and Rob Tapert that will air on Starz early next year and to which we will hold all rights international and 
domestic. The trailer of "Spartacus" was well received at Comic-Con and the Television Critics Association tour last 
month. To depict the world of Roman gladiators, "Spartacus" employs a cinematic technique used in the movie "300" 
and represents a significant departure from any programming ever seen before on television on either premium or 
ad-supported channels. 


We started production on the second season of "Crash," a co-production with Lions Gate that will air on Starz this fall. 
The home video version of the first season will street next month, distributed by, in the U.S. by our sister company 
Anchor Bay Entertainment. We green-lit a second season of "Party Down," the critically acclaimed half-hour comedy 
series, and announced that we will air a new half-hour comedy early next year titled "Failure to Fly," from two 
accomplished writer producers, Eric Schaeffer and Jill Franklyn. 

On the Starz Media side, revenue increased by 58% versus the same period in the prior year to 90 million. OIBDA 
improved from a negative 19 million a year ago to a positive 17 million. The increase in revenue was largely 
attributable to a $25 million increase in revenue from sales of Starz Media programming to television networks, 
including 10 million in license fees from the exhibition of Overture Films on to Starz Entertainment networks, as we 
continue to execute on our audience segregation strategy, under which we produce our own programming, and 
distribute it through multiple platforms. The improvement in OIBDA resulted from the increased revenue and the 
timing and film releases by Overture. 

The results for Starz Media may vary widely from quarter to quarter, depending largely on the schedule of the actual 
releases. For example, with five Overture films slated for release during the remainder of the year versus only one film 
released in the first half, we can expect an increase in P&A costs in the coming months. 

The Overture release "Sunshine Cleaning" finished its theatrical run in the quarter as the highest grossing independent 
film so far this year. The next Overture film "Paper Heart" opened this week and will be followed in the next two 
months by "Pandorum," with Dennis Quaid and Ben Foster, the newest Michael Moore film titled "Capitalism: A Love 
Story," "Law Abiding Citizen" with Gerard Butler and Jamie Foxx, and "The Men Who Stare at Goats" with George 
Clooney. 

Despite the improved revenue and adjusted OIBDA for the quarter, the general economic conditions have impacted the 
overall theatrical and home video industries, including our businesses, resulting in lower than projected revenue for 
many of our individual productions. We expect these businesses to continue to face challenges until the overall 
economy improves. 

Now, I will hand it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Bill. Just to provide some top line numbers for Liberty Capital, during the quarter its revenue increased 14% to 
$199 million, while adjusted OIBDA deficit decreased by 44 million for the quarter. The increase in revenue was 
principally due to the previously mentioned increase in television revenue from Overture Films. The decrease in 
adjusted OIBDA deficit was due primarily to the difference in theatrical and home video revenue and related expenses 
associated with the films released by Overture Films. 

Now, with all that said, I will turn the call back to Greg for some concluding remarks. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Chris, and thank you to Mike and Bill for the updates on your respective businesses. To conclude, I'd note our 
priorities include at Liberty Entertainment, focusing on completing the split-off of LEI and the merger with DIRECTV 
and then reclassifying the new tracker Liberty Starz. At Liberty Interactive, we hope to continue to improve the 
operating performance at QVC, as you saw this quarter, and continue the strong performance at our eCommerce 
companies. 

And at Liberty Capital, we hope to continue to evaluate opportunities for cash on the books. We've done some 
buybacks, as you've seen. We've had some good investment opportunities like SIRIUS XM, and we continue to look at 
stock buybacks. Candidly, the markets today are not as appealing in terms of opportunities in the numbers, but – as 
when we did the SIRIUS XM transaction, but nonetheless we think there are some that we will be hopefully executing 


on. In addition, we look to rationalize some of our investment in non-strategic assets, non-strategic third-party 
investments. 

So, stay tuned for the coming quarters ahead and thank you for listening, and with that operator, I'd like to open up to 
questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jason Bazinet of Citi. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Yeah, I have a quick question on Liberty Capital. When I do my back of the envelope 
calculation, it seems like the valuation makes sense if you don't include any equity for the SIRIUS stake that you have, 
and it seems to not make sense if you include it. And so I was just wondering...? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: What do they say, Jason, when I – when I'm not 
sure I agree with the premise of your question, because I might think that there is value in Liberty Capital even without 
the SIRIUS XM equity attribution. But go ahead with that point, sorry. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay, and so my question is, can you just sort of help investors sort of understand how you 
might help SIRIUS, to the extent they might need financing, and how valuable that asset and their NOLs are to you if it 
does go bankrupt? In other words, it's not, it seems to me the market should be including it, and I'm a little mystified 
why they aren't, because I guess my hypothesis is you sort of have an incentive to sort of make sure that SIRIUS 
remains a viable entity. Any comments would be helpful. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. I think, when we struck the SIRIUS XM 
deal, Dave Flowers, our Treasurer, said to me, this is either a bottom or the – because you don't put senior debt in at a 
billion valuation and get 40% of the equity, or we're just – it's a fraud and we just missed it. I mean – and we're 
obviously convinced that was a bottom. And the results at SIRIUS XM since have seemed to demonstrate that. 

I believe at the time they were talking about 300 million of EBITA and the market didn't believe it. Now, then they 
talked about 350 of EBITDA as they reported Q1. Now they've reported Q2 and they've raised their numbers I believe 
to 400 of EBITDA, and frankly I don't think I'm underselling Mel here when I tell you I think they're going to 
significantly exceed 400 of EBITDA. 

So I'm very comfortable that our debt there is money good and that the equity valuation, while one could argue about 
how aggressive it is on a multiple basis, you'd be hard pressed to find a ill media company out there growing at the 
rates that this company is growing this year and I believe will grow over the next couple, three years, without much 
improvement, if any, in the auto market. 

Cost savings around content, around OEM deals, around the merger, and production and operating costs are driving 
that growth and will, and as our Chairman likes to say, if the auto market comes back stronger than we're anticipating, 
forget Cash for Clunkers, but over the next couple of years, that's a lucky strike extra. 

So I'm very comfortable that things – talking about things like what might happen in a bankruptcy, and how that we 
might be able to capture the NOLs, those are all ideas that we might have had back in February or March, but those are 
very distant ideas today, and we're talking about how much this equity is worth. 

So I think this is a great business. They are unfortunately refinancing, did refinance, and I suspect will refinance more 
of the senior debt that we bought. The good news, they'll take our money off the table and validate the equity story and 
lower their cost of capital. The bad news is we were getting very high rates of interest paid to us on that senior debt, 
and we will no longer be collecting that. So we have mixed motivations on that. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Understood. Very helpful. Thank you. 


Operator 

And our next question will come from Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks very much. Just a few detailed questions. One, Greg, you want to tell us what the 
cash balance between Starz and LEI was at quarter end, tying out to what was on the balance sheet? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sorry, Doug, let me make sure I understand this. 
You're saying what was in Liberty Entertainment, how much will end up at Liberty Starz and how much will end up at 
LEI? 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Yes. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Is it by -


<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: In aggregate, -


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Let me, let my able folks in the room do 
some calculating, make sure we get that right for you. Okay, we'll come back to that one, keep going. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: The second one, you talked about selling shares in Sprint and Mot [Motorola]. Is that done? 
Are you fully sold out of those positions? And what does that do in, with regards to the impact on the derivatives you 
have and the borrowing and any potential tax liability there would be helpful? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think we're disclosing whether we sold 
those out, just because we don't want to create any overhang in the marketplace on that. But it's safe to say we are, at 
the right price, we're happy to be sellers of those assets, and we don't believe it has any impact on the underlying 
derivatives and our tax position. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: And then you talked about an interest in repurchasing more of your debt over the coming 
quarters. Is the thought there – can you be more specific? Is this an LCAPA-specific event, since that seems to be 
where it is sourced in terms of open market purchases or tenders or any additional details there? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, if you look at the debt we have post a 
spin/merge with DIRECTV, there will be no debt at Liberty Starz, it only has cash. And excluding the, in effect, the 
fees to debt at LCAPA, because when I talk about the fees, I'm talking about the Sprint collars, which are offset by the 
Sprint borrowing, that's really neutral. We have those exchangeables, which we're trading at a discount. And at the right 
time and place, we're evaluating our investment opportunities in Liberty Capital, we'll look at whether repurchase, 
third-party investments or repurchasing debt or equity, which of those three is the most attractive. So that's certainly 
possible. 

Liberty Interactive is a little tougher. It does not have, well, it has a great cash flow generating source in QVC, and it 
has a substantial amount of free cash flow, much of that is going to be devoted to paying down QVC bank debt. There 
is certainly the restricted payments that could come up and cover interest and the like, but how much free cash flow we 
have to repurchase straight debt which has been attributed to Liberty Interactive is a little less flexible. So I think our 
most likely first case is to look to at the stuff at LCAPA. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: And then the last question would be on the Starz renewals, can you just remind us of what – 
which major Starz renewals are left? And I guess one of the concerns is that renewals won't go well and that will 
hamper Starz's top line growth. How have the renewals with DISH and DIRECTV – I guess DIRECTV we know – how 
did the renewal with DISH go and what's your anticipation for the remaining would be helpful? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll just scale one thing, I mean the, in scale, the 
partners that matter the most are DIRECTV first and foremost. That deal is done. We're renewed for four years – then 
Comcast. By scale, Time Warner Cable, though it is the third largest, has never been a particularly strong contributor to 
premiums, not just Starz premiums, anybody's premiums. So they're well down the list in terms of impact on us. And so 


DISH and Comcast, having done DIRECT, are the big ones, and I'll let Bill comment on those. 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: So Comcast, we are in discussions 
with them right now. We're pretty much in agreement, and we're just trying to get that deal papered. So we're getting 
pretty close. The other deals that are coming up over the next several months are Cox and Time Warner, and we've 
already had preliminary discussions with Cox on what makes sense for them and how they can use our product in a 
broader sense. And those discussions seem to be moving forward in a very positive way. Other than that, our – as Greg 
said, our biggest affiliates are behind us, multiple years. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And just to round out, we did an extension with 
Cablevision last year, and the telcos who are out, who are both, they're not enormous today, but over hit because of 
how their growth is and frankly where the rates are. They're both behind us, too, for a period. So we feel very good 
about the overall relationship with distributors and where we sit. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: And is it fair to say if we aggregate all those deals, that we should still expect core rate 
increases in the CPI plus range? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Well, you will, clearly all of those 
deals have CPI. We continue to add more products, so yes, our goal is to continue to maintain our rate by the addition 
of incremental product for those folks. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: All right. That's helpful. Any answer on the cash, or should I just...? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller>: Yeah, Doug, I've got that. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Back from the home office, we have... 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller>: Got the answer for you, this is Chris. Starz had 
175 million of cash at quarter end. The remaining 443 is corporate and call it other. Of that, 30 is on the RSNs and 30 
would go with LEI, 30 of the corporate cash would go to LEI in the spin, leaving 383 back at quote Liberty Starz 
tracker, corporate. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: So that 548? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That excludes the 250 loan. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Yeah. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller>: That excludes the short-term loan that was 
made across groups of 250. So there's a, call that a placeholder for temporarily. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: And it sounds like... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: One other thing that's worth noting, Doug, is we 
have a – we have the financing that was struck to purchase incremental 78 million shares at Liberty Entertainment that 
had – would, has a collared structure and the loan against it, and we are paying down ratably on that at a small clip 
we'll be – at the close of the deal we'll be reimbursed for that by DIRECTV, but the balance in the interim is being paid 
down by Liberty Entertainment. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Okay. So if I do all of the calculations right, including the 250 loan to LIG, it sounds like 
there's $800 million of cash at quarter end at Starz? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If you value the loan as – treat the loan as cash, 
yes. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Great. Thanks for all the help. 


Operator 

And our next question will come from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Gober>: Good morning guys. It's actually Dave Gober. I had a couple for Mike on the QVC business, 
obviously a major improvement in the trajectory there. And you talked a lot about the, the cost side. But I just wanted 
to dig a little bit deeper, particularly in the domestic business into the demand side, and trying to figure out, it seemed 
like both the – there's an improvement in both units and price. But could you drill down a little bit into what the – 
whether there's a change in the number of customers or just spending for customers? I mean, I guess what drove the 
improvement in demand and what drove the, particularly relative to the broader retail market, which did not seem to 
improve all that much? 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Yeah, I would say it was more, more spend per 
customer than necessarily significantly increasing the customer base. So I think what we saw this quarter is we 
continue to have a very loyal customer. She sticks with us. She is clearly more selective in her purchasing than she has 
been in the past, but she is making trade-offs among a multitude of retail outlets. So I think we managed to inspire her a 
little bit and gain some market share versus the broader retail market. And so for us, it's, to me it's really beginning to 
see I think the dividends of things we've been working on for the last 18 months, which is to really keep upgrading the 
quality of our assortment, upgrading the programming, bringing in new brands. And so I just think there was enough 
newness in the quarter, enough compelling programming and marketing that we were able to push through and get a 
higher share of her spend. 

And you know, we're very excited about what we have teed up for the back half. I think that will be stronger still in 
terms of the quality of the programming and the assortments. We will see how the customer responds, but we're 
certainly very excited about it. I genuinely think it's the best line-up we've ever had. So we just feel good that we think 
our initiatives are coming together, and presenting a more exciting storefront to the customer, and she seems to be 
responding. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. And then just a follow-up on the gross margin side, it looked like there was a pretty 
significant improvement from 1Q. HSN had talked a little bit about the fact that they saw an improvement in gross 
margins because of lower shipping and shipping costs, primarily because of the decline in gas prices. Did you guys also 
see that in the quarter, or was it – was the gross margin improvement more due to mix shift? 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: The – for us it was primarily, it wasn't – the mix 
issues have continued to be a negative drag on gross margins. So for us it was a combination of a few things. We 
definitely saw improved freight costs. Given the nature of our contracts, I wouldn't put that primarily on gas pricing, 
but we did a number of things to better optimize our freight network. We really did some creative initiatives that will 
have long-term benefits in terms of how we distribute our product. 

That was part of it. Part of it was our warehousing costs are part of gross margin, and we saw a very nice increase in 
productivity in the warehouse. We've done a much better job of variablizing our labor costs, and tying it more tightly to 
our shipments, along with other initiatives in warehouse. And then part of the improvement reflects the decline in 
return rates and the relative margins on returns versus the stuff that went out the door, and just a mix between returns 
and original shipments also helped lift product margins. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. And I just had one follow-up on Doug's question on the Starz in terms of the renewals 
there, any read-through or any change in the structure in most of those deals. In the past there has been a mix of fixed 
rate agreements versus variable. Has that changed in any of the negotiations, or do you foresee that changing going 
forward, or should the mix be relatively consistent going forward? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: For the deals we've just 
completed, they basically have stayed pretty much the same, so I don't project that that mix is going to change 
significantly. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The only thing I would say is, is it's not a change 
in those deals, but frankly the consignment companies have had faster growth than the fixed companies, so in that sense 
there is a mix change, not in the structure of any deals. 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Structurally, right. From a 
structure perspective we don't see them moving that much, but we are really doing well. If you actually dug in and 
could see the details of our numbers, we're doing very well with our consignment customers today. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Telcos and... 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: And if we are seeing some 
softness in the number, it happens to be in some of our fixed rate deals, which our deal structure is protecting us and 
mitigating some of that risk. 

<Q - David Gober>: Makes sense. Great. Thanks guys. 

Operator 

And our next question will come from Jeff Wlodarczak of Hudson Square Research. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Good morning, guys. Two questions for Greg. First, on the potential swap of Starz Media 
and the Liberty Starz, is the intention to do that fairly quickly after the LEI/DTV merger closes? And that's an internal 
swap, so I assume there is no tax ramifications? And then second, any color you can give us on a particular transaction 
with Time Warner involving AOL and how that could be theoretically be structured? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: On the first one, we have no current plans to 
move Starz Media out of Liberty Capital. I think it was noted by Bill, we have a very consistent growth pattern of 
earnings, which you know is a – should appeal to a public security at Starz Entertainment. Starz Media has, is in a 
start-up phase and has a very bumpy pattern, depending on how much P&A and what's released and the like, and it sit 
today inside Liberty Capital, which is really an asset company not an earnings-driven company, not a EBITDA, a 
growth story, the way that we believe Liberty Starz is. 

So I think that one of the questions is, is how is it best configured. And over the long-term, how do we grow that 
business at Starz Media, and then at some point does it make sense to combine more with Starz Entertainment. But I 
don't think that stands today as the right strategy. Secondly, we have a lot of basis in that, so actually, how we structure 
that, we might actually not want to have it be a tax-free deal. We'll see what time holds. 

On an AOL deal, I think I was asked before, we have a productive relationship with Time Warner. We've already done 
one 355 exchange with them. We hold a bunch, around $800 million of TWX stock today. If there were a asset that 
were attractive, that they were a seller of, we would certainly want to look. AOL could be that, but it could be 
something else, too. AOL in particular might have some tax attributes that are attractive as well as being an interesting 
story. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Thanks. If I can ask one follow-up, as much as you can, can you shed any light on the 
delay in getting the LEI/DTV proxy approved through the SEC? Because I think you were supposed to get approval by 
today. You have to drop in new numbers, I think that's the case? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: There are two things, there. One is, just 
negotiating with them about the structure of the transaction, at some point, the numbers goes stale. So the time passed 
when working through the proxy, we did go to stale numbers and need to drop the new ones in, so that is – they're 
going to expect two sets of delays, right. Took longer to get the discussions done with them, and then once it took 
longer, it kicked into needing new numbers. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller>: The other things that's complicated is, there is 
two proxy statements that are having to get processed through the SEC. 


<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Jeff. 

Operator 

And of Barclays Capital, Doug Anmuth has our next question. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thanks for taking the question. A couple of things for Mike. First, I just wanted to follow-up 
on the return rate, which I think at 17.3% was the lowest it's been in several quarters. Can you talk more about the key 
drivers here beyond just the sales mix? You mentioned some other initiatives here, and I'm curious about the 
sustainability going forward. And then also if you could comment on the linearity of the quarter in the U.S. and the 
international markets and perhaps what you're seeing here early in 3Q? Thanks. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Sure. On the return rates, I would say that the 
mix was a large driver. As we shift mix more to electronics, beauty, home categories, both have a much lower return 
rate than jewelry. We're also very focused on a corporate-wide initiative to continue to strengthen product satisfaction 
and quality. We think it's already quite high, but we're trying to take it another level beyond that. And that, there's a 
variety of initiatives in that, everything from working on apparel sizing and education, to improving jewelry quality, a 
number of things I won't go through all the details. But we do think that will yield benefits over time. 

Now, I'd also tell you that to some extent the degree of improvement in this quarter is a little overstated versus sort of 
what's the underlying business, because as you know, part of the way you deal with returns is you're trying to estimate 
what returns are going to be going forward, since people have months to return the items, and you're making estimates. 
And so a little bit of this is also kind of just the truing-up of estimates I think somewhat exaggerated the degree of 
improvement. But nonetheless, we do think the improvement is real, and we would expect to see continued 
improvements in returns going forward. As we look at the mix of business as well as these quality initiatives, our 
expectation is we'll, we will see good guidance in returns going forward. 

On the – in terms of commenting Q3, we don't – our policy is not to comment on in-quarter results. Obviously, we saw 
in most markets very healthy sequential improvements between Q2 and Q1. So we feel good about the momentum, we 
feel good about the product mix, and of course, we're also coming into much easier comparisons, and that obviously 
helps on the margin, to be comparing against softer numbers in the back half of last year. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Bridget Weishaar of JPMorgan. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Hi. Quick question on Liberty Interactive, earlier you said most of the growth was coming 
from existing customers spend more, which I believe has been a trend over the last couple years. At some point though, 
you're going to need to feed the funnel with new customers, and now it seems like you have great opportunities with so 
many businesses having gone bankrupt. What are you doing to drive new customer acquisition growth? And then the 
second question is I know you said earlier that you were pushing back many of the costs associated with QVC Italy into 
2010. Can you give us any more detail about when you expect to recognize costs and about how much? Thank you. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Yeah, on the new customer front, we do think we 
have a lot of opportunities to grow the customer base. And as we've discussed in prior calls and meetings, we focus less 
on the absolute count of new customers and more focused on quality of customers. So we're kind of very surgical right 
now about looking at those businesses, those categories that tend to attract new customers that are highly profitable, 
customers who are likely to be loyal to QVC, and continue to invest in those kinds of businesses and continue to invest 
in, in creative marketing initiatives, platform initiatives to reach them. 


So for example, this major partnership with Isaac Mizrahi who has a very devoted following, who had extraordinary 
success when he decided to go to Target and make his aspirational products available there, he obviously exited Target 
awhile back. We think there's a whole lot of folks that know Isaac and will be excited about the things he's going to do 
for us, which we think are truly breakthrough. And we see that as a great way to get new customers. 

We're launching a very exciting accessories product line with Rachel Zoe in September. She has a very hot reality 
series on Bravo. She's one of the leading stylists in the country. We think that that Bravo audience will be excited to see 
what we're up to. I'll give you a real kind of immediate example, but it just reflects the kinds of things we're trying to 
do. On Sunday if you tune into VH1, you will see a simulcast of QVC on VH1, as we lead the market in launching the 
re-mastered Beatles Catalog as well as Beatles for Rock Band. Really exciting, really fun, I think we'll get a lot of new 
customers on our channel, but we'll get a whole VH1 audience that probably isn't buying at QVC right now to see what 
we're up to. 

We're really focused on social media; continue to do more and more with Facebook and Twitter in particular. We think 
that's extending the word of mouth. So for us it's about having the kinds of categories that appeal to new customers, 
whether that's entertainment, beauty, and it's about being creative about how to get our word out on other platforms, 
whether it's the VH1 example or social networks, and we have a number of initiatives like that in the works. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'd add, Mike, I think those are all excellent 
initiatives. In addition, we have had a case where every few years, we had been introducing a international, new 
international subsidiary, and it has been a delay. Italy will kick in, Mike's going to talk about the costs in a sec, but in 
effect adding a new younger mix of business, not necessarily, I know you were focused probably on within each 
business. But adding a new one is a good growth prospective on new customers as well, because you want to have ones 
that have not yet reached scale entering into the funnel. And so we've talked about Italy, obviously we've also talked 
about trying to do things in places like China. I think that's going to be an important part of the initiative for growth 
going forward at QVC. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: And on the Italy launch, we are, we're beginning 
to ramp up. We expect that most of the costs, as you mentioned, will start to kick in next year. We'll have modest costs 
throughout this year, as we begin to add staff and build out the facility and so forth. But they'll be immaterial in the 
scheme of things. I don't know that we're prepared right now to talk about a next year number. You could certainly get 
insight by looking at the year of launch in Japan, which is our most recent market, and what kind of OIBDA or what 
kind of expense hit we took in year one. And I would tell you that we don't expect it to be all that meaningful on the 
total OIBDA base of the company. We don't see it as something that's going to have a material impact on the total 
OIBDA delivered in 2010. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Great. Thank you so much. 

Operator 

And our next question will come from James Ratcliffe of Barclays Capital. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Thanks, folks. A couple questions, first of all on, looking forward to 2010 for Starz, given 
what you've been seeing in term of box office performance from your studio providers, any read on what we're likely to 
see in terms of programming cost growth? And secondly just – should we still be assuming that you'll have to pay out 
cash taxes when the Sprint hedges mature? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: 2010, it's a little hard to look at 
right now, because we still have a lot of titles that haven't been released, so it's hard for me to give you kind of a feel of 
what that is. We need to wait a couple more months to just see where we're at on those. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And as you know, James, it's not only the scale of 
the titles, it's the numbers of the titles. And so if certain things shift during the quarter, Q3 were to slip past Q4 into 


2010, will impact. So there is a bunch of variables. 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: So it's a little bit early right now to 
kind of have a view of that. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And on the Sprint collar, our hope is that we 
would defer that tax. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: All right, thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Our expectation. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Your expectation. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Matthew Harrigan of Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Good morning. First of all, as far as Overture goes, you've really got a lot of open playing 
field or playing field now, given everything that's happened in the private equity side, the film financing et cetera. I 
know the exhibitors are clamoring for more product. Is that something that just makes Chris McGurk's life a little bit 
easier, or is that something that's really funneling into your business plan at this point, given that there's a bit of a gap 
there? 

And then secondly, on the GSN and FUN Technologies side, I mean, those businesses are subject to a lot of the 
network effects that Michael Zeisser likes to talk about, and it really helped your eCommerce businesses, and I know 
that you're trying to graft onto QVC. Can you talk a little bit about those businesses? I mean, it seems like they're, or 
GSN, it seems like they're, like it's going to get a little bit lost over at DIRECTV. In hindsight, is that something that 
you almost regret moving over there, given that it has a pretty nice growth opportunity, that and FUN? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. So on Overture, I think obviously there are a 
bunch of factors you noted, the changes in the film financing market and the like, which helps any entrant in the film 
business. There are also a bunch of factors that make the film business harder these days, and probably the most 
prominent of which is the decline of DVD, particularly anything where you have library, if it doesn't hit initially out of 
the blocks, closer to the day of drop, it's really not hanging well. And a lot of things that have gone on structurally in 
the channel, the absence of bins at Wal-Mart and the like, all those things have reduced the DVD market post the initial 
drop. 

When you look at that market overall, Overture has got a bunch of advantages because of Starz and where it's playing 
and it's got a bunch of challenges. And I think you've seen that, candidly, in the first year's release, as you try and get 
up to scale, it hasn't necessarily delivered as much as we'd like. 

On the other hand, it has had some successes, and I think if we look at the line-up ahead, there is reason to be 
optimistic. I'd also say we have a plant there in terms of our Anchor Bay distribution, our theatrical distribution at 
Overture, as the ability to take in pay slots at Starz, which is probably underutilized. And one of our goals in 2010 will 
be to put more product through there, one way or another, not necessarily all of which is ours, but which we can partner 
with and probably take less risk on, but fulfill the potential in the plan. 

At GSN and FUN, we are very sad to see it go, because it's a great business. It certainly has its challenges on the GSN 
side and the overall advertising market right now. Ratings are pretty good. They have done some really innovative 
stuff, David Goldhill and his team on the programming side, and that's just getting up to speed, but they are still 
exposed to the overall ad market, general ad market. Then they have a lot of DR, which may be a little less vulnerable, 


but they still have challenges. 

On the Internet side, they have grown considerably and will, and we love that business and what they are doing, and I 
think you're right to note the potential for network effects. The hope would be and the expectation would be since our 
shareholders will be a significant majority percentage of the, and in fact a majority of the shares at DIRECTV, that 
DIRECTV can take that asset and drive it even further than we could using some of its distribution strengths. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And our final question will come from Murray Arenson of Janco Partners. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Thanks. I wanted to follow-up a little bit on what Matt was asking on the production side, if 
you could talk a little more maybe with respect to the original series and give us some context for what the budget 
looks like there and timing of that. I'm particularly interested in the "Spartacus" piece, since that sounds like it's kind of 
movie production quality. And then secondly, if Greg, you can just offer some more color on the tax-sharing payments 
that were referenced relative to Liberty Capital? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me, if I could, talk a little bit about the 
original series first, and let then Bill and anyone else. So I think one of the things that has had some beginning critical 
success with "Crash," the back half of "Crash," how it did through the back half of its first season and how "Party 
Down" has done, is we've had some critical success, but have not necessarily driven as much audience yet as we'd like. 

Now, this is a learning process, and it's a process that took HBO probably 10 years. We hope not to be quite as long in 
the learning style. But I think "Spartacus" in particular is going to have impact, and someone described it as "Gladiator" 
meets "300," but you might be able to throw in meets "Caligula." It's going to be very graphic in a lot of fashion, both 
violence and sex, and I think it's going to be, open a lot of eyes. There are a lot of Lucy Lawless fans who are going to 
be very excited to see the film, or rather see the series just for that. And I think it will have impact, and it's a great 
learning experience, and I think it will be very well received. And those original series are an important part of creating 
the right mix of movies and originals at Starz, which I give credit to the team for doing. Do you want to comment on 
the cost side? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Yeah, I mean, I think your point 
that "Spartacus" looks a lot more like movie kind of quality, clearly, we have pushed ourselves to take a product that 
we really like and a story that we really like, and put the best product on screen, and Rob Tapert and Sam Raimi are 
great at that. The cost of that is kind of on, consistent with what you would see with a lot of originals, dramas on kind 
of that 2 to 3 million an episode type of world. And we're very pleased with that product, as Greg said. It is getting a lot 
of publicity right now and notoriety. Lucy Lawless has a great following. At Comic-Con we couldn't keep enough – we 
didn't have enough room, as she was there, and we think it's a great story. And that's what we've been trying to do, is 
put really high quality stories with the best product we can put on the screen for the money, and really drive customers. 
And it's – we've come along ways in two years. I'm with Greg, I hope it's not a 10-year or 12-year event, but we're very 
pleased with it, and it's coming out in January. So... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The e-water-cooler buzz about "Spartacus" is 
enormous. 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: And not just domestically, it's also 
internationally. I mean we've had several of the big broadcasters in the international market who already are interested 
in buying it just off the trailer. So we know we have the right story, and it's something that you have not seen on TV 
before, and we're very pleased with it. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And obviously you must be a Lucy Lawless fan 
asking. Maybe you could help me understand exactly the nature of the question – text question about LCAPA, because 


I'm not sure I followed it. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Well, I was just referencing in the press release, the tax sharing payments between the – the 
inter-group tax sharing payments? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller>: I can handle this. Liberty Capital, of course, is 
the provider of tax shelter to the other two groups, who generate taxable income. And for the six months, the 
Interactive group paid $138 million to Capital, and the Entertainment group paid $117 million, so a total of $255 
million of cash going back to Capital for their tax shelter. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So in effect, rather than pay the U.S. Government, 
shelters created by Capital, Interactive and Entertainment pay Capital, and any future liability becomes Capital's. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Understood. Excellent. Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Great. Well, thank you very much for joining us this morning, and again for your continued interest in Liberty and 
thank you to all the participants. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. Thank you for attending and 
have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


