Q4 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President & Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
Other Participants 

• Bishop Cheen 
• Imran Khan 
• Michael George 
• Robert Peck 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Robert Routh 
• Jeffrey Shelton 
• Dan O'Connell 
• Morris Mark 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Andy Baker 
• Jolanta Masojada 
• Louis Sarkes 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Year-End Quarterly Conference Call. Today's call 
is being recorded. This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market 
potential, future financial performance, new service and product launches and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Including without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues and continued access to capital on 
terms acceptable to Liberty Media. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. 
And Liberty Media expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any 
forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto 
or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Liberty Media, including the most recent Form 10-K for additional 
information about Liberty Media, and about the risks and uncertainties related to Liberty Media's business, which may 
affect the statements made in this presentation. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, the required reconciliations, preliminary note 
and schedules 1 through 3 can you found at the end of this presentation. At this time for opening remarks and 
introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please 
go ahead. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President & Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of you joining us today. 

2006 was an exciting and in fact transformational year in many ways for Liberty Media. Today we will discuss many of 
the important developments of the past year and take a look at the full year and fourth quarter operating results that are, 
for the assets attributed to Liberty Interactive and those attributed to Liberty Capital. I'm joined on the call today by 
QVC CEO Mike George, Bill Costello and QVC's CFO Dan O'Connell. From Starz, we have Bob Clasen, Chairman 
and CEO, Bill Myers, President, and Glenn Curtis, CFO. From Liberty, I'm joined by several of our senior executives, 
and we will all be available to answer your questions following our prepared remarks. 

I will open today by discussing some of the developments of the past year and then I will turn the call back to our 
Controller, Chris Shean, who will talk about LINTA, Liberty Interactive's attributed businesses, including significant 
events during the year, financial results and the liquidity picture. Chris will follow that with a similar update on 
LCAPA, Liberty Capital, and its attributed businesses before handing the call back to me. And I will close with a brief 
discussion of our outlook and strategy for 2007 before opening up the call for your questions. 

So let's take a look at 2006 and some of the things we did. As I mentioned, I think it was an eventful year at Liberty and 
we are proud of some of our accomplishments. In May, we issued the tracking stocks for Liberty Interactive and 
Liberty Capital. We took this step for a number of reasons, including to provide investors with a clear choice of which 
group of assets they would like to invest in. This simplified Liberty's overall structure and more efficiently allocate 
capital between our various businesses. And lastly, to focus the complexity inherent in the diverse group of assets and 
financial instruments that have been attributed to Liberty Capital to allow for more efficient simplification of those 
assets and the creation of a clearer operating company structure. We believe we have achieved some of these goals and 
we are on the path to do more. 

On the Liberty Capital side, we announced a number of strategic transactions. The most notable of these was our 
agreement to exchange our News Corp shares back to the company for a 38.5% interest in DIRECTV, three regional 
sports networks in Seattle, Rocky Mountain, and Pittsburgh, and 550 million of cash. 

Our News Corp position has provided a great return for our shareholders over the years, but as a non-controlled interest 
with a low tax basis, was likely to be continued to be heavily discounted in the marketplace as long as it was captured 
inside Liberty Capital. And we didn't believe it would be fully reflected, the value of that News Corp shareholding, in 
our own stock price. 

It is our belief that the exchange we are undertaking and our resulting investment in DIRECTV will create greater 
financial, operating, and strategic flexibility for Liberty Capital and its shareholders, and we have already seen some of 
those results. Adding DIRECTV and the three RSNs is a critical step in our efforts to transform Liberty, as I 
mentioned, into a focused, well-positioned operating company. 

Other transactions that were announced or completed at Liberty Capital during the past year include the sale of our 
50% stake in Court TV, the exchange of our stockholdings in IDT and various interests in IDT for a 100% position in 
IDT Entertainment, the sale of our interest in Open TV, the agreed upon sale of On-Command, and most recently, the 
announcement of our agreement to exchange our CBS stake tax-efficiently back to CBS, for its owned station in Green 
Bay and approximately 175 million in cash. 

Turning briefly to Liberty Capital's operating businesses, Starz, its major unit, continued to experience positive 
subscriber growth. And while these trends were good, they were somewhat offset by a decline in effective rates, 
resulting in year over year revenue growth being moderated. 

Operating cash flow also increased in 2006, and the year ended on a positive note, with programming costs continuing 
decline in the fourth quarter. We have mentioned this trend in the past as one of the positive, long-term, secular trends 
at Starz and we expect this trend to continue in 2007 and beyond. 


Turning to LINTA for a moment, our businesses there, led by QVC, continue to produce positive financial results. 
Chris will discuss these in more detail in a moment, but I want to note we once again achieved healthy revenue and 
operating cash flow growth at QVC, Provide Commerce, and BUYSEASONS, the latter two of which were acquired 
during 2006. And we will continue to expect positive results from those businesses and continue to look at strategic 
acquisitions, which can enhance the Liberty Interactive positions going forward. 

Finally, since we created the tracking stocks last May, we have repurchased about $1 billion – just under $1 billion of 
Liberty interactive stock at what we believe are attractive operating cash flow multiples. With that, I'm going to turn the 
calling over to our controller, Chris Shean, to walk you through the operating performance and accomplishments across 
the company. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Greg. There is a line presentation online that I will be speaking to with these comments. 

Taking a look at Liberty Interactive, a quick snapshot for full year revenue and operating cash flow performance of 
LINTA. As the chart indicates, Liberty Interactive's attributed businesses turned in a solid financial performance in 
2006, highlighted by another strong year at QVC. Overall, those businesses experienced 13% revenue growth and a 
19% increase in operating cash flow. These results were enhanced by acquisitions at Provide Commerce and 
BUYSEASONS during the year. However, the primary driver was the 9% revenue and 16% operating cash flow 
growth at QVC. I will point out that, while QVC was experiencing strong and balanced growth across all of its product 
categories and markets, others in the industry continued to struggle. 

Now, looking more closely at LINTA's results. As we have stated on many occasions, QVC's long-term approach to its 
business will at times yield variability in short-term results. However, while QVC's growth slowed in the fourth quarter 
as compared to a very strong second and third quarter, and an impressive fourth quarter in the prior year, LINTA's 
businesses still managed 11% revenue and 21% OCF growth in the quarter. This rounded out a year in which the 
businesses saw continued growth in all quarters and achieved record sales and operating cash flow. 

Obviously, the inclusion of Provide Commerce and BUYSEASONS, which were both acquired during the year, helped 
drive growth at LINTA. We believe these types of acquisitions, coupled with QVC's continued organic growth, are 
important to the ongoing expansion of LINTA. As a result, we will continue to seek accretive acquisitions of commerce 
companies that add unique value propositions, strong management teams, and good track records to drive continued 
growth at Liberty Interactive. 

During the year, we actively used the financial flexibility created by the assets attributed to LINTA to shrink its equity 
and drive enhanced shareholder returns. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to use Liberty's financial flexibility 
to continue to shrink equity, paydown debt, and/or make strategic acquisitions. Going forward, we expect LINTA's 
revenue and operating cash flow to grow annually at high-single to low-double-digits on a percentage basis over the 
next three to five years. 

Now let's take a closer look at QVC's year. QVC had another solid year. 2006 revenue and OCF growth of 9% and 16% 
respectively were driven by growth at both its domestic and international operations. Domestic revenue was up 7% for 
the year, driven by increased sales to existing customers, particularly in the areas of accessories and apparel. The 
average selling price grew 3% during the year, and shipments were up 5%. Domestic operating cash flow increased 
13% for the year, while OCF margins expanded 130 basis points to 24.7% in 2006. This was primarily driven by 
slightly improved gross margins, favorable bad debt experience on the company's private label credit card, and a $15 
million reversal of franchise tax reserves. QVC.com sales increased from 18% to 20% of total domestic sales during the 
year. 

International revenue increased 12% for the year while OCF grew 26%. Revenue increases were experienced in all 
international markets in which QVC operates and were primarily attributable to greater sales to existing subscribers and 
continued subscriber growth. Operating cash flow growth was primarily driven by revenue growth, a 200 basis point 


improvement in gross margins, and operating leverage. International operating cash flow margins increased over 200 
basis points, [inaudible] for the year. Excluding foreign currency exchange effects, revenue and operating cash flow 
grew 13% and 27% for the year. 

Fourth quarter revenue growth slowed somewhat at QVC relative to the second and third quarter, as the company faced 
difficult comparisons to the fourth quarter of 2005. Total revenue and operating cash flow increased 7% and 19%, 
respectively. 

On the domestic side, revenue grew 4% for the quarter as the average selling price increased 3% and units shipped 
grew 1%. Domestic OCF expanded 16% for the quarter, partly driven by the previously mentioned reversal of franchise 
tax reserves. QVC.com sales increased from 19 to 22% of total revenue for the fourth quarter. 

International revenue and operating cash flow grew 17% and 28%, respectively, in the fourth quarter. Revenue 
increases were due to favorable foreign currency trends, subscriber growth and increased sales to existing subscribers 
while OCF growth stemmed from higher gross margins. Excluding foreign currency effects, international revenue and 
OCF grew 10% and 23%. 

We continue to be very pleased with QVC's ongoing operational performance and expect continued good performance 
under the stewardship of Mike George and his new Chief Operating Officer, Meade Rudasill. 

The next chart gives a quick snapshot of overall LINTA fourth quarter highlights. In addition to ongoing growth at the 
LINTA businesses, we continued to purchase LINTA equity. During the quarter we purchased 10.2 million shares of 
Liberty Interactive Series A common stock for a total of $223 million. Since the creation of the tracking stocks and 
through the end of 2006 we have repurchased 51.6 million shares for $954 million, representing 7.3% of the shares 
outstanding at the time of the creation of the Liberty Interactive tracking stock. As we have noted, the businesses 
attributed to LINTA have significant liquidity, and we are looking to put that liquidity to work to enhance equity 
returns. We will continue to evaluate alternative uses of LINTA's liquidity to determine what we believe is the best 
path to driving this strong equity performance. 

Also during the quarter, the value of our IAC and Expedia stakes increased by over 30%, or approximately $1 billion. 
The solid operating performance, share repurchases, and appreciation of our investment positions continued positive 
trends at Liberty Interactive, and the stock has performed well in response. 

We believe this is a systemic formula for strong, long-term equity appreciation for LINTA. During the quarter, 
LINTA's share price increased 6% to close the year at $21.57 and has seen further gains since that time. 

Now let's take a look at LINTA's liquidity picture. In addition to its solid operating performance, we continue to 
maintain a strong capital structure and good liquidity at the businesses attributed to LINTA. LINTA has attributed cash 
and public investments of over $5 billion and with share repurchases through year-end, has 6.4 billion of attributed 
debt. I think on a principle basis. 

Excluding the value of the investment positions at Expedia and IAC, Liberty Interactive's attributed net debt of 5.5 
billion equates to a multiple of 3.3 times operating – annual operating cash flow. As a result, the LINTA businesses 
have significant liquidity to grow organically and through acquisitions and to shrink LINTA equity as Liberty 
management deems appropriate. 

Now let's turn to the Liberty Capital businesses. As we've mentioned in the past, for the businesses and investments 
attributed to Liberty Capital, the combined income statement remains a smaller part of the story. Our objective is to 
change that over time through the exchange of passive and nonstrategic investments for controlled cash flow generating 
operating assets that we believe, and we believe we are making good progress on this front. 

In the meantime, Liberty's – LCAPA's largest attributed operating asset, Starz, is showing strides of improving its 
financial performance. During 2006 Starz' revenue grew a modest 3% and OCF increased 9%. I will talk more about 
this shortly. Overall, Liberty Capital reported a 12% revenue gain and a 17% OCF decline primarily due to operating 
cash flow deficits at newly acquired subsidiaries, Starz Media and FUN Technologies. 


For the quarter, LCAPA revenue increased 25% while OCF declined 5%. These results were driven by positive results 
at Starz, offset by operating cash flow deficits again at Starz Media and FUN Technologies and a reduction in 
TruePositions EBITDA due to a change in its revenue recognition on one of its contracts. 

Also, as part of our year end closings procedures, we did recognize an impairment charge of $113 million related to 
goodwill and other intangibles on our investment in FUN Technologies, principally due to poor operating performance 
and a decline in the market value of its stock. 

Let's take a closer look at the events of 2006. As mentioned earlier, the income statement is only part of the story at 
LCAPA. The largest story this year is the significant progress we made toward reducing complexity and focusing our 
assets. I won't restate all the activities of the year, but as this chart indicates, much was accomplished. And two months 
into 2007, this momentum has continued with the announcement of our CBS exchange. There is more to do and, during 
the year, we will continue to work to reduce complexity, and increase the operating orientation at Liberty Capital. 

On the operating side, Starz made a couple of important moves during the year to refine its strategy and introduce its 
objective of audience aggregation. The acquisition of IDT Entertainment, rebranded Starz Media, adds DVD 
distribution, animated film – feature film production, proprietary live action, and animated series production and 
contracted 2-D animation production to the company's portfolio of businesses. 

Additionally, Starz created Overture Films in the fourth quarter and now has the capability to create a wide array of 
animated and live action programming for domestic and international distribution across multiple platforms. Starz 
management believes this will allow the company to successfully aggregate audiences, therefore positioning Starz for 
growth in 2007 and beyond. 

Taking a quick looks at Starz' operating results for 2006, they continued to experience solid subscriber growth in 2006 
as Starz channel subscribers increased 6% for the year while Encore's grew 7%. For the year, revenue grew 3% as 
subscriber growth slightly outpaced the reduction in the effective rate that resulted from certain of Starz' new fixed rate 
affiliation agreements. 

Starz' operating expenses increased 2% for the year. As a 5% increase in programming expenses slightly offset an 
overall decline in SG&A. Programming cost increases were primarily attributable, primarily driven by additional 
amortization of deposits made under certain of its output arrangements. The SG&A decline is a result of a reduction of 
marketing activity with Starz' affiliates. 

During the fourth quarter, Starz experienced a 4% revenue increase and a 72% operating cash flow growth. Revenue 
growth for the quarter resulted from increased subscription units more than offsetting a decline in the effective rate. 
The OCF increase was driven by a decline in operating costs as programming expenses declined in the fourth quarter. 
Starz expects this trend of declining programming expenses to continue in 2007. 

The next slide shows a quick snapshot of overall LCAPA highlights for the quarter. The fourth quarter was an 
extension of the active pace set throughout 2006. We continued to make good progress towards reducing complexity 
and transforming the Liberty Capital attributed assets into strategic operating assets. Again, I won't rehash the events of 
the quarter, but we are pleased with many of our accomplishments. 

Now let's take a quick look at the LCAPA liquidity situation. LCAPA's businesses are also in a position of financial 
strength. At year-end, and including our News Corp stake, LCAPA had approximately $18.2 billion of public 
investments and derivatives, and nearly 2.3 billion of cash and liquid investments, which together, at approximately 

20.5 billion, are only proportionately offset by 4.7 billion face amount of attributed debt. This provides LCAPA with 
significant flexibility to grow its businesses and will play an important role in the strategic direction of these assets 
going forward. 
With that said, I will now turn the call back over to Greg to recap the year and talk about what's ahead in 2007. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President & Chief Executive Officer 


Thanks Chris. Well, as you have seen through the year, 2006 was exciting, and we believe productive. We have 
restructured the company in many ways, completed several acquisitions, divestitures and exchanges, delivered good 
operating performance on our large controlled subsidiaries and significantly shrunk Liberty Interactive's equity. The 
stock has responded well to these many events. On a pre-tracker basis, our equity grew about 31% for the year. So old 
L, and I know it is hard to keep track of the many letters we hand out, but old L is up about 31% for 2006, pretty good 
performance. We are pleased with it, but we think there is more to be done. 

Liberty Interactive should continue to drive good operating growth in 2007 and beyond. And Liberty Capital continues, 
in particular, continues to trade at a significant discount to its underlying asset value. We believe we have got upside in 
both businesses in 2007 and beyond. 

So where do we go from here? Well, the first step is today we announced a self tender for – on a dutch auction basis – 
for $1 billion worth of shares at Liberty Capital. We, as I mentioned, we believe the stock is attractive at current levels 
and are offering to purchase that 1 billion at prices between 105 and $113 per share. The tender should launch within 
the next week. 

So two months into 2007, we continue last year's momentum and expect some more of the same. We do expect 
continued good operating performance at our large controlled subsidiaries. While QVC and Starz focus on their 
operations, we also continue to expect to continue to work on perfecting our structure, making strategic acquisitions, 
hopefully simplifying our portfolio of assets and creating an even more focused operating company. 

Notably, DIRECTV should be joining us perhaps around July. We are very excited about that business, its operating 
growth and prospects, and in particular its financial prospects. And we are very excited about how we can work at 
Liberty Media across our businesses with the DIRECTV group. 

It is an exciting change. It it is an exciting series of changes over the last year. I think everybody here is excited about 
them. Our job is not only to run those businesses well, but to continue to try and find synergies across the businesses 
and I think better explain the story to Wall Street because there is upside, we believe, in having that story made more 
transparent and clear. And that will also be one of our focuses for 2007. 

So with that, I would like to thank all for joining us today and listening to our prepared remarks and for your continued 
support of the company. And with that, Operator, I would like to turn the call back over to you to answer questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Bishop Cheen with Wachovia. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Thanks for taking the question, good morning, a question on the balance sheet. The last two 
years, Greg, and I know you watched some of it from the sidelines, despite all the angst -


<A - Gregory Maffei>: Almost all of it, Bishop. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: -- Liberty has actually improved its leverage and all the moving parts. And as you pointed out, 
you are monetizing on a tax efficient basis some of the assets you have been touting around. Are you with your balance 
sheet where you want to be? Is there more improvement to come? Is there more leveraging up to do to achieve certain 
agendas and goals for your stock? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think it is a great question, Bishop. So let me say, you know, the goal with the stock 
obviously is to see a continued rise and, hopefully, a continued rise in a, you know, sequential basis and forward. So we 
are looking for a continued shrink strategy, I would argue, and at businesses where we have clarity about where they 
are headed and they are generating free cash flow. Rather than a one-time shrink only, and thinking that's going to have 
such a major move on the stock. 


The more clear case was Liberty Interactive, we went out with a targeted leverage of between three and four times. We 
actually, I think, when we created the tracker went out with a leverage of about 2.8 times. We have gone out and raised 
subsequent financial capability and have increased the leverage. And I think we have increased the potential for 
leverage and now are now more comfortable with the idea that leverage could be as high as four or five times there. 

How we get to that leverage target and over what timeframe, you know, we are going to be somewhat opportunistic and 
we are going to weigh, as we said before, the opportunity to repurchase our own stock and find, you know, accretive 
synergistic acquisitions. And so the Liberty Interactive story is pretty clear and I think we are going to continue to 
shrink that equity at attractive prices when we think the OCF multiple is attractive over time, pretty crisply. 

Liberty Capital has always been a little bit more in flux even since May partly because the nature of the assets and 
what's in the Liberty Capital bucket has changed so dramatically and we expect there will be more change over the 
period. We have obviously gotten a big, if not control position, major influence position, which we expect to close on 
in July or thereabouts with DIRECT and that will change our profile to a degree. But we are probably, because we don't 
have access to that cash flow, we remain more cautious about our ability to put leverage on Liberty Capital than we do 
with Liberty Interactive, where we have access to all of the cash flows. 

So we still have, I agree with your statement, we still have the opportunity to utilize further firepower and further 
leverage and further utilize our cash at Liberty Capital. But we probably will be more judicious about how we do that 
until the total picture becomes clearer and our access to what cash flows becomes more crisp. Today, it is still in flux. 
So I think the Liberty Interactive story is clear. The Liberty Capital story, we obviously are making a statement about 
the ability to use some of that excess cash by our announced self tender. But we are probably not in a position to make 
a statement about what the long-term leverage focus is just because of the nature of the changing asset base. 

<Q - Bishop Cheen>: Thank you Greg, that's very helpful. 

Operator 

We will go next to Imran Khan with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Thank you for taking my question. Hi Greg, and hi -


<A - Gregory Maffei>: Hi. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: A couple of questions. First, I was wondering if you could give us some color on the QVC side, 
how the average selling price and unit shipment did in international market? Primarily Japan and France and U.K. 
market. And secondly, with DIRECTV acquisition, I was wondering if you can give us some sense, like what kind of 
synergistic opportunities you see for QVC for channel placement. And finally, I was wondering, it might be a Mike 
question, but do you see an opportunity at some point to break up Liberty Interactive and Liberty Capital for better, 
much more easier structure. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So I heard a couple of questions in there. And I think the one regarding the international ASPs 
and performance at QVC are probably best answered by Mike or perhaps Bill. 

<A>: Okay, thanks Greg. Mike. 

<A - Michael George>: This is Mike. I will jump in. In the U.K., ASP increased slightly in constant currency, up about 
a point. And units increased about 7%. In Germany, units were up about 15%, and ASP in constant currency was down 
about 7. And in Japan, units were up just shy of 30%, around 29%. [audio gap] in local currency was down slightly two 

– about two points. So if you look at that, we felt pretty good about sort of the balanced growth between units – and 
ASP in both the U.K. and Japan. Germany did trade down their ASP somewhat, as I mentioned. That's a little bit of a 
mix issue. The German margins were really bolstered in the year and one of the drivers from that was reducing 
electronics in the mix, as an example, which has become a tough margin business in Germany. So some of that was mix 
related, but not all of it. So one of our focus points will be getting the ASPs up somewhat in Germany in the coming 
year. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Great, thanks Mike. As far as the opportunity to get synergies with DIRECTV, as I mentioned, 
the deal is not yet closed, and we are not expecting that until summertime. And when it does close, we will not be the 
100% owner, but the roughly, 38, 39, 40% owner. So while I think we will have influence and we will hope and expect 
to work together, there will obviously be a need to recognize our other shareholders involved. 

That having been said, one of the things that attracted us to DIRECTV was the strength of its distribution and the 
opportunity to work together on many kinds of initiatives, including content initiatives, and perhaps mutually beneficial 
opportunities with our existing content portfolio, including QVC and Starz and others. How exactly that will transpire, 
what form that will take, we are still working on and we are not prepared to announce today, but that obviously is one 
of the appealing aspects that we believe can be mutually beneficial to both Liberty Media and DIRECTV. 

And the last part of your question about any potential split between Capital and Interactive, when we announced the 
trackers, we of course told you that we had no plans for that split. And we pointed out there were several hurdles, 
which would make the split, if not impossible, unattractive, including concerns about tax efficiency between the two 
businesses and some other factors. 

Some of those factors and challenges still remain. And I have been getting a full level indoctrination from Dr. Malone 
on the benefits of trackers. So I – the potential discounts that we are – challenges that we have because of the trackers 
and the marketplace, I think, is still unclear. We know there are some tax benefits. We know there are some other 
benefits. And we weigh how much we are taking a discount because we are in a tracking company structure. 

So while I will not say that we are never going to split those businesses, it is not our intention to do so today. And we 
do continue to look at the benefits that we get from holding them together. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Okay. Thank you very much. That's very is helpful. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We will go next to Robert Peck with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Hi guys, a couple quick questions here. The first is on the competitive landscape with HSN and 
what Mindy Grossman has been doing over there. Could you comment a little bit about any sort of traction you are 
seeing there even from your ownership stake within AIC. And secondly, Greg, can maybe you talk a little bit about 
what you ideally think the leverage to be over at IAC and particularly any conversations you may be having 
[inaudible], thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Let me comment first on Mindy Grossman and the like. We have, by reputation and by what 
we hear through our board position, and – have only respect for what Mindy is setting forward to do at the company. 
We think she's obviously got a great merchandising capability and a strong background, experience, and brings good 
perspective. That having been said, it has not been clear in the operating results, and I think they would be the first to 
argue that it is a long-term turn around. But it has not been clear at the operating results – that they are having much 
traction. And as far as what impact we think they are having on us, it is, we do not believe it is enormous yet, but I will 
let Mike and anyone else on the team contribute to that. 

<A - Michael George>: Yes, I don't have much else to add. We don't, you know, we are focused on our business. And 
as Greg said, we really haven't seen any material change in the competitive landscape that causes us to be at all 
concerned about our growth prospects. So really no change from our standpoint. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: And on the second part of your question, you know, as a major shareholder in IAC, we 
obviously have a perspective and view on IAC's financials. We stated what we believe leverage ought to be at 
good-sized, good growth businesses with high free cash flow capability and characteristics, such as Liberty Interactive. 
And I don't know any reason why the same ought not to be occurring at IAC. We have stated that, and I think John 


Malone has – the doctor has been quite vocal about saying that in the past. And I think we remain of the view that more 
leverage could certainly be applied to those businesses. What the actual target is, I don't – we are not – and what they 
think their other prospects are for the cash, we are not probably as on top of that as they are. But in general we would 
argue they are probably underleveraged. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Thanks, Greg. 

Operator 

We will go next to Benjamin Swinburne, Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks, and good morning guys. A couple of questions, one on broadband and 
DIRECTV's competitive position. One of the debates going on over the last couple years, which did impact 
DIRECTV's balance sheet or lack of leverage, was their exploration of broadband opportunities in the marketplace. 
You guys are involved with Wild Blue and you have your eyes all over the media telecom world. So I'd love to get 
your perspective on, I guess, does DIRECTV need a data partner, data product? Would you want to own the network? 
Are there technologies out there that look interesting, or has this been just overhyped in the marketplace, and they are 
very well-positioned as a pure play video play. And then second, just your comments on old media assets. There have 
been some runs in valuation on radio and outdoor and local TV stations. You guys made a recent swap on the TV 
station side. What are your feelings about those kinds of businesses, where recent private market multiples have been 
coming out? Expensive, attractive? Anything you can add there would be helpful, thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So on the first point, I think we are – hope to be a good partner with our friends at DIRECT 
and bring some perspective across, as you mentioned, our telecom and technology interest to be helpful there. Wild 
Blue is one part of that. There is an existing partnership with Wild Blue and DIRECT and Echo, which is obviously 
targeted at the rural subs who are less able and have fewer other choices. It is interesting, there continue to be new 
forms of broadband arising, both new players in the fixed side, but obviously more new players, technology driven, and 
because of new forms of spectrum being released, on the wireless side. Whether we need to be an owner of those, or 
whether we can partner with those, whether we should buy or lease, and how important it is to have that bundle be 
super tight, are open questions. 

One of the questions we would point at is that the greenfield returns are probably less attractive in that business – 
incremental returns may be good, but the greenfield returns are probably less attractive in that business than some of 
the other alternative businesses that DIRECT is in and we are in. So you weigh how much you want to go start that, and 
there is technology risk. 

That having been said, the triple play is one part. There is also going to be, in our minds, a quad, quint, and sextet play: 
mobile voice, mobile data, and mobile video. All of which will be important to our long-term future. And so we are 
very much focused on working with DIRECTV to think about those quad, quint, and sextet plays because we think 
that's where the future is going to be. And we think there will probably be more value creation opportunities in the 
fixed wireless interplay than there is in the straight fixed broadband market, which is likely to get relatively more 
commoditized compared to the wireless alternatives. 

But a lot of that is the future. I think your question is right on in asking how much do we need to have the tight bundle, 
how much do we need to own our own capacity in the triple play. I think those are open questions that we are working 
with DIRECT on and trying to be helpful on. 

As far as old media, we think that a lot of the old media assets are very attractive. We think that they continue to have a 

– probably an over-discount in the marketplace. That having been said, they obviously have had quite a run. And 
candidly, our ability to compete with them – compete for them, rather, with private equity and the leverage that they 
can put on, is difficult for us. We are, probably more than most public companies, believers in the capability and the 
attractiveness of leverage and the willingness to finance things nonrecourse, and take that kind of diversified risk. But 
we are probably do not have as broad an actuarial portfolio and as short-term a perspective that we are going to buy 

them, fix them up, and flip them, like that's the way private equity can do. And because we are likely to be in the 
businesses for a longer timeframe, it probably inhibits our flexibility to move in and out of those on a short-term basis, 
and makes us less competitive buying those assets straight up, where we do not have operating synergies. So I think we 
would be most interested in old media assets where there are places we believe the cross promotion, the cost structures, 
the ad sales capability across other synergies like that, give us strength to be more competitive with private equity. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you, very helpful. 

Operator 

We will go next to Robert Routh, Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Hi, yeah, good morning. I have three quick questions. You know, obviously the results are great, 
given what you have done in a short amount of time. But given Malone's history of always wanting a kind of a 
plaything with Bell Atlantic and TCI, with TCIVA. I'm wondering whether he is considering creating a Liberty 
Ventures entity, which would be a spinout of LCAPA, and simplify the structure even more on a pro-rata or a Dutch 
auction basis. Because it seems history repeats itself, and that's always been kind of something he has wanted and 
would make a lot of sense. 

Second, I'm wondering whether there is any possibility, given what I'm seeing happening, because obviously Fox 
Liberty Sports is created with Rupert and John, and now John sold it to Rupert, and now he's got three networks. And 
as I believe, looking at the Dolans' networks, it would seem there is a possibility that down the road, if it was allowed, 
that the recreation of Fox Liberty Sports could be a very beneficial asset given the SUNDAY TICKET and everything 
else to DIRECTV. 

And finally, if you could comment on whether or not, if Interactive Corp. was not willing to leverage up to the level it 
should, if Liberty was inclined to sell their 21% position, would the irrevocable proxy go away upon a sale of that to a 
third party? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: A complicated list, especially when you started with a "but". Come on. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: I was just hedging it. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: No, I'm teasing you. As far as the idea of Liberty Ventures, I would say our first focus is to try 
and monetize, tax efficiently, whether through sale or exchange, the assets that are in Liberty Capital and redeploy 
them as smartly as possible. Could mean through a repurchase of shares, as we are doing today. But we hope it is 
through accretive acquisitions or accretive transactions, which build on the base of interesting businesses that we are 
putting in there today. The interplay between distribution and content, some of the areas around new media, some of 
the areas around wireless that we talked about, are all interesting. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Sure. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: That having 


<Q - Robert Routh>: There's a possibility that 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: Let me just, let me – I'm going to give a "but" back. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: But there could come a time when, you know, some set of these are, you know, intractable and 
we need to think about what else we want to do with them. One of the problems is, is that Liberty Ventures, in today's 
environment, will trade terribly in our judgment. Look at how Liberty Capital has traded up until recently, when we've 
show more focus. But a portfolio of non-synergistic, financially-oriented assets will not trade well, at least we have not 
been able to make it trade well. And consequently, one of the reasons why we have reduced our venture capital activity, 
other than for things that we think are truly strategic or give us windows into businesses that we might want to get 


deeper into, is because we do not believe it is easy to find value in the public marketplace for those kinds of assets. 

So while I will never say no to Liberty Ventures, or never say no to changing some structure in Liberty Capital, I will 
point out some of the challenges around that kind of a perspective. When it was done back in the TCI days with the 
many TCI ventures, and TSAT, and the many other kind of partially owned things. The strong distribution anchor and 
the market's willingness, perhaps, in the '90s, to give us credit for those, was better than our position today and our 
ability to get full value for those assets. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Great. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So that's our perspective today. Of course, you know 


<Q - Robert Routh>: Things could changed. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: – we're Liberty, so who knows, right? 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: As far as the RSN and sports, I can't comment, or have no absolute vision. I don't think Fox is 
likely to be a seller on his businesses. He likes his sports businesses, and I think we like the sports businesses. 
Differentiated programming is one of the key ways to help your distribution asset on the [inaudible]-- We think that 
Chase and his team have done a great job with that, to the degree that we collectively can bring new energy and new 
assets to that differentiated sports programming, including these RSNs and perhaps other sports programming, we are 
very open and very interested. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: So it would be possible, of course nothing as you said, with Liberty you never know. That 
something along the lines of what was initially created which was a partnership between Liberty and Fox or News Corp 
could be created where you are kind of working together again? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: You know, I just think it's hard to speculate on that. But let me point out a few of the hurdles. 
We just mentioned already that we were not the majority owners and I think News might have the exact same 
perspective, you will have a difficult time getting full credit in the marketplace for them. There would be tension 
around what we want to do with those – using our distribution asset versus how they want to leverage it to help their 
other programming assets or internationally their distribution assets as well. So I think those are two hurdles that are 
not insurmountable, but are not insignificant hurdles. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Sure. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: That having been said, we continue to have good relations with News and would love to think 
about ways to cooperate and create mutually beneficial partnerships. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Gotcha. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: What would happen at IAC. We look at that and I've mentioned already our challenge for 
getting full value for partially our nonconsolidated positions. And we hold an economic interest of, I don't know, 21, 
23% depending what they have bought back at IAC. And it's unlikely we are getting full credit for that inside the 
Liberty Interactive structure. We are, I think it is it complicated by the fact we do have high voting shares, think about 
our ultimate control there. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Sure. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Weigh that against the low tax basis we have. The stock has seen a significant rise. It is 
probably today an investment asset, rather than one in which we have great operating strategic value. But it is one, 
because of that ultimate control position, we, and the low tax basis, we weigh what we would wish to do with it and we 
consider whether more leverage would add value, it has been pointed out. So I would say there is no clear choice there 
about which way we are going to go, but the concerns you raise are ones that are in our minds as well. 


<Q - Robert Routh>: Okay, so hypothetically, if you were to sell your position at Time Warner, would that 
irrevocable proxy go away. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think that's complicated. There is a whole series of offers that would go back and forth, 
which Barry Diller would have the right to take the proxy and hold the proxy. And what exactly would happen with it, 
it's far from clear it would go away. It really depends on the facts and circumstances. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Okay. Just possible, but nobody knows. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Yes. 

<Q - Robert Routh>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Yep. 

Operator 

We will go next to Jeff Shelton, Bleichroeder. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Thanks. The one year anniversary of the tracker split is coming up and I believe you have the 
right to buy in the Liberty Interactive stake. I was curious under what circumstances does it make sense to go forward 
with that option? And then a couple of numbers questions here. Could you further detail the impact of the positive bad 
debt experience in the fourth quarter on the domestic and the obsolescence provision on inventory on the international 
side. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: We have no intentions, certainly not any that we are announcing today on reconsolidating the 
trackers. As you point out, the anniversary is not until May. Until then it would be very difficult to do. I think I started, 
mentioned earlier in the call, when asked the question that we find benefit in the tracker structure today and I think that 
benefit remains. So what circumstances would cause us to change from that perspective would be a series of 
circumstances in which we saw the tracker structure not being positive. That might include a perception that we had an 
enormous discount that was insurmountable because of the tracker structure, the reduction in tax expenses, removal of 
some of the impediments on splits. So all of those conditions could change. But I don't foresee them changing today. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Okay, and on the QVC? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: On the QVC side, I will throw that over to either Dan or Bill to talk about bad debt at QVC 
domestic and I believe it was obsolescence at QVC international. 

<A - Michael George>: Good. Thanks, Greg. Dan? 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: Since 2002 we have experienced sequentially better bad debt experience primarily related to 
our in house credit card. And for 2006 we had 4.4 million less in bad debt write-offs in the prior year. And on the 
international side, the margins were improved by about 70 basis points internationally to improve obsolescence 
experience. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: And did that all show up in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: It was 65 basis points for the quarter and 72 actually for the year. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Okay, if I could, one follow-up question. I didn't see anything in the release on QVC CapEx or 
free cash flow. Do you have those numbers? 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: That information will be in the 10-K that will get filed close of business today. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: Thank you. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: Other questions, Operator? 

Operator 

We will go next to Morris Mark, Mark Asset Management. 

<Q - Morris Mark>: Greg, I wanted to just follow up on Ben's question earlier but on a more pointed basis. You have 
a strong background in technology, as does John. I'm sure you would agree that the growth of internet video is going to 
mushroom over the next two, three, four, five years. Taking that factor into account, can you tell me the strategic 
benefit to you from owning DIRECTV and how it is going to be able to compete with that kind of capability that the 
cable companies will have? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think internet video will continue to grow. We would agree with that proposition. How much 
that causes a deterrent to DIRECTV's business is unclear to me. I do not -- the growth of internet video is not 
tantamount into my mind to the elimination of the satellite TV business. 

<Q - Morris Mark>: Oh no, I don't think it directly challenges viewer video in the sense of broadcast. But it certainly 
makes the bundle a much more powerful product. Because if you have the bundle, you get broadband, which will give 
you internet video, and you get traditional cable which will give you something equivalent to what you get from 
DIRECTV. So that's really -


<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think the question of the bundle is one clearly that DIRECTV understands and has 
partnerships today with Qwest, Verizon and BellSouth. All of which, from what we can see in the dealings we have 
had, all of whom want to increase and strengthen those partnerships to provide bundle. And then in the AT&T territory, 
through third parties liked Earthlink, we continue to have a broadband access as well that we bundle. And then 
obviously, people can go get their own access in a variety of other forms. 

How we tighten that bundle, what we can do to enhance that, how important that is, it is not clear that there are that 
many customers today who are choosing to buy the bundle and that is, you know, driving their mentality. 

To your point, as the internet video grows, will that increase? It is one of the things we are weighing and one of the 
things we are looking at. 

<Q - Morris Mark>: And even taking that fact into account, you feel very happy about switching -- I understand the 
financial benefits. But switching your strategic position from owning News Corp, which is going to have a big play on 
the internet through MySpace to DIRECTV, which is going to have to confront that issue? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: You know, last time I looked MySpace is about like 2% of the business, at best, of News Corp. 

<Q - Morris Mark>: I appreciate that. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I don't think that's going to drive News Corp's value overwhelmingly. I think News Corp has a 
lot of great assets, it also has some existing challenges. And if you don't like satellite, by the way, the last time I looked, 
it is a big satellite company through Sky Italia, through BskyB, through a whole bunch of other satellite assets, in Asia 
as well. So look, we made our choice. We made a choice that we absolutely believe is the right choice. Do we 
recognize that we need to work through and address broadband issues, you bet. But I don't think that anything that you 
have mentioned is not something we have not considered and weighed and still believe we are making the right choice. 

<Q - Morris Mark>: I appreciate that very much, thanks Greg. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Yep. 

Operator 

We will go next to Jason Bazinet, Citigroup. 


<Q - Jason Bazinet>: I just have a question on Liberty Capital. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Yep. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Assuming that the Time Warner transaction goes through, how do you think we should think 
about those much smaller stakes with entities like Sprint and Motorola and the like? Are those sort of residual others or 
do you think there is an outside chance that those get resolved in a tax efficient way as well, thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well Jason, that's one of the things we weighed. Time Warner, Sprint, EMBARQ, Motorola, 
Viacom, Crown Media, all of which declining in size, all of which are the next set of assets to look at and we continue 
to work with. We would like to do something thoughtful on. They probably are more intractable than the ones we have 
done, that's why the ones we've done got done first. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Yeah. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: But we continue to work on those and we certainly think there are opportunities. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay, that's great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We will go next to Andy Baker, Cathay Financial. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: Thanks for taking the call. Before I go to the questions I wanted to take a chance to say farewell to 
Bill and best of luck. It is been a pleasure knowing you and working with you. Onto the questions though. Greg, do you 
have a sense, I know you guys have told us in the past what you think your sort of after-tax or brute force liquidation 
NAV is. I was just wondering if the current buyback is above or below that? And whether or not, I think we talked in 
the past that a buyback above after-tax NAV is sort of a bet by the Board that management can actually get out of those 
remaining tax liabilities or the remaining holdings in a tax efficient manner. 

And to Mike, this is the first time that we have seen on LINTA, the term high single to low double-digit growth 
included in the – for the operating cash flow line. And I was wondering does this constitute a reduction in guidance? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Let me hit on both of those if I might and let Mike comment as well. So on the brute force 
liquidation, I think that's becoming less and less relevant, a metric. Why? There is I would say virtually zero chance we 
are going to do a brute force liquidation. And there is virtually zero chance that we would for example brute force 
liquidate DIRECTV, which is the largest tax liability left even though we got a massive step-up and avoided a bunch of 
taxes assuming that the transaction contemplated goes through in the way contemplated. We – our base is still well 
below the current marketplace. I think there is zero chance we would do a transaction which just sold DIRECTV out of 
Liberty Capital and incurred the tax at the corporate level there. 

So if you just, that brute force liquidation is almost a meaningless statistic. By the calculation of what our tax liabilities 
are, that's a big percentage. And we go through the list of these others, I don't think we would do the same thing with 
Starz or the like. So whatever – the goal is, is to try and put ourselves in a position where we are not sellers of Liberty 
Capital. But if one were ever a seller, it would be for the corporate entity and not incurring the taxes. 

So I believe that metric is less and less meaningful. What we think – as of the fair value of Liberty Capital, we 
obviously believe it is higher than the prices at which we are tendering, substantially higher, and that is why we are 
tendering. 

As far as the guidance, we believe the guidance we put forth is entirely consistent with the guidance we put forth 
beginning last May, no change. And if it is changed in any way, our wording, it is because of our drafting or our 
perspective. I don't think we have any different view of where the businesses are going. 

Mike, you want to add anything to that? 


<A - Michael George>: I agree with that. No change at all in our view of the long-term outlook of QVC as part of the 
overall LINTA guidance, no change at all. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: All right, great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you Andy. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: Great quarter. 

Operator 

We will go next to Jolanta Masojada, Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Jolanta Masojada>: Thanks very much. Could you talk first of all about how the tender offer affects your view 
on the future ownership levels of DIRECTV? And secondly at QVC, QVC.com is growing to be a significant 
component of the domestic sale. Can you talk about the opportunities of QVC.com and the international businesses? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Yes. I will comment on the first. And I will let Mike or Bill or whomever wish to comment on 
the second. I don't believe there is a direct correlation on what we think our ultimate ownership position at DIRECTV 
and our – today's self tender at Liberty Capital. We have said in the past that our perspective on what we might own at 
DIRECTV could be as high as 100 or could be as low as 25.1. And could include our using our influence to try and 
encourage the leverage to be, the leverageability at DIRECTV to include a dividend. So you have got a range where we 
could take a lot of capital off the table by selling down and getting a dividend to where we would have to step up for a 
lot of capital or deliver a lot of shares to complete 100% ownership. 

What today is about is largely the fact that if you look at the underlying values at Liberty Capital and you look at the 
cash that we have. And you look at where we are trading, that argues you ought to do something about trying to capture 
that discount. And put it in the hands of the shareholders who want to save for the long-term and believe for the 
long-term that they, we can do something to move towards that ultimate long-term pre-tax value. 

How that, what that says about it, where we go on Direct. I think we are going to monitor that. And we will as always 
be somewhat opportunistic based on our strategic perspective and where the relative values are. 

I will let somebody at QVC talk about dot com internationally. 

<A - Michael George>: This is Mike. Let me just give you the numbers. And I will give you a little color commentary 
on it. Domestically for the full year '06, our internet penetration was a little north of 20% -- that's domestic. U.K. was 
about 15%, Germany a little shy of 8%, and Japan about 15%. 

The Japan numbers also include their internet application on the mobile phone. So that's both. So you can see that all 
the international markets are below the U.S. They are all on about a similar trajectory, if you adjust for when the 
internet was introduced to the U.S. business. So we expect to see, you know, a couple of point gain domestically each 
year in the Internet and some similar gains in the international markets. We certainly think the addition of a mobile 
device in Japan will help grow our Internet mix, and the U.K. just launched a mobile application this fall. We don't 
expect that to be material. But it will be one more avenue to continue to increase ex [audio gap]. The U.K. also does a 
significant business with the buy button on the remote control, which is obviously also a fully automated form of 
ordering. And that adds about another 10 points or so to the U.K. number. So we see, you know, continued upside in 
each market. Probably growing at about similar rates to the growth in the penetration on the U.S. side. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thanks Mike. Operator, let's take about two more questions, please. 

Operator 

Okay. We will go next to Louis Sarkes, Chesapeake Partners. 


<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Hi. Could you just review for Liberty Capital what the outstanding shares are and what is closely 

held? And I didn't see it mentioned, is management going to be tendering into the offer or not? 

<A>: 140 million shares. 

<A>: Is that – that's at the fully diluted or the .... 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: That's the actual common outstanding today is 140 million. 140.5. 


<A>: Yes. 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: You'll see the numbers in the K, but it is 140.5 million shares outstanding. And I don't believe 
we have made any statement of intention, nobody in management has made a statement of intention nor were they 
asked to make a statement of intention about whether they would be. 


<A>: They will be. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: They will be but they have not yet been asked. In the papers you will see that but we have not 


yet been polled so we have not made a public statement yet. 


<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Okay. 

<A>: But obviously it's required under the 


<Q - Louis Sarkes>: For sure. But of the 140.5 million, what, how many of those shares are owned or controlled by 


management? 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: Of the 140.5, how many are owned or controlled by management? 
<Q - Louis Sarkes>: M'hmm. 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: I would guess between 3 and 5% of the shares, of the economic interest. 
<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Okay. That's what I was wondering is the actual share numbers. 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: It is under 5. 
<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Okay. 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: The economics. It is higher as of the vote because of the presence of... 
<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Right. 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: ...Dr. Malone's greater ownership of the B shares. 
<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Okay. Thank you very much. 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. And you are realizing most of management is relatively more recent and their 


economic interests are probably more in options. 
<Q - Louis Sarkes>: M'hmm. 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: Great. 
<Q - Louis Sarkes>: Understood. Thank you. 
<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. Last question Operator. 


Operator 

Okay, we will take our final question from Tom Donatelli, Clarinbridge Capital. 


<Q>: Great. Since you have been so frank in your thoughts about the leverage that you think exists or should exist at 
something like IAC, and since you have obviously peeled back the onion extensively in your analysis of DTV. Your 
comments kind of suggest that you think it's underleveraged. So more directly what do you think the appropriate 
leverage should be on an asset like that? And then I have a follow-up. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think, you know, clearly we have stated publicly one of the appeals of DIRECTV is the 
financial flexibility that it has and its ability to leverage further. And I think people have rightly pointed out DIRECTV 
has been weighing how to use that flexibility, whether through share repurchase, which they have done some of. And 
they made a further announcement I believe yesterday that they would be opening a share repurchase. Or whether as 
speculated they would use some of it for broadband or other initiatives. What that ultimate leverage ought to be, I think, 
Mike Palcovic, Chase Carey are probably in a better position and know for sure the ultimate number. But I think 
numbers at 6 or 8 or perhaps as high as 10 billion higher are not numbers, which based on what we know and in our 
conversations with them, they would be uncomfortable with. 

<Q>: Okay and then just as a quick follow-up, even though it is not really a direct comp we obviously have a pending 
transaction between XM and SIRIUS. And while there are different dynamics and characteristics and anti-trust features 
of that transaction, do you see certain similarities in terms of the ability of you guys as a highly influential potential or 
future shareholder to be able to potentially drive a merger in that space from an anti-trust point of view? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well.... 

<Q>: If you wanted to – if you felt it -


<A - Gregory Maffei>: I guess I would say we will watch XM/SIRIUS with interest. Of course, we at DIRECTV, with 
Echo as being one of the few large transactions which has been turned down 

<Q>: Right. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So, you know, once bit, twice shy, I'm not sure. We have got a host of initiatives under way 
with EchoStar that we are discussing to try and capture some of the synergies that one would get through a merger, but 
do not rise to the level of anti-trust consideration. Whether it would be looking together at broadband or things like that, 
where you would capture some of the benefits. 

<Q>: Sure. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: The, where we go with that ultimately, we clearly see the synergies as being worth a lot. I 
guess I don't know enough about the anti-trust perspective given we will watch how this plays with XM/SIRIUS. And I 
would note that there are certainly would be problems in us being sellers of our business having just completed a 355 
exchange, would be problems with us being a seller of DIRECTV. 

<Q>: Right. Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President & Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. I thank you all as I said for joining us today and for your supportive interest in Liberty Media and thank 
you, operator, for the call. 

Operator 

Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


