Q1 2007 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
Other Participants 

• Vijay Jayant 
• Jessica Reif Cohen 
• Robert Clasen 
• Michael George 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• John Malone 
• Douglas Mitchelson 
• Andy Baker 
• Robert Peck 
• Imran Khan 
• Jeffrey Shelton 
• April Horace 
• Scott Devitt 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation First Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's 
call is being recorded. 

This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future 
financial performance, new service, and product launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including, without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues and continued access to capital on 
terms acceptable to Liberty Media. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation and 
Liberty Media expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any 
forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations, with regard thereto 
or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Liberty Media including the most recent Form 10-Q for additional 
information about Liberty Media and about the risks and uncertainties related to Liberty Media's business which may 
affect the statements made in this presentation. On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. 
The required reconciliations, preliminary note and schedules 1 through 3, can be found at the end of this presentation. 

And now at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and 
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead sir. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Good morning and thank you to all of you for joining us. While we recently completed another busy 
quarter at Liberty and today I would like to discuss some of the developments of that quarter, and take a look at the 
operating performance of the assets attributed to Liberty Interactive and those attributed to Liberty Capital. 

I'm joined today by QVC CEO, Mike George; and CFO, Dan O'Connell. From Starz, we have CEO, Bob Clasen; COO, 
Bill Myers; and CFO, Glenn Curtis. From Liberty, I'm also joined on the call by our Chairman, John Malone, and 
several of our senior executives. We will all be available at the end of the prepared remarks to answer any questions 
you might have. 

Let me open by discussing some of the developments of first quarter, then I will turn the call over to our Controller, 
Chris Shean, who will talk about Liberty Interactive and Liberty Capital's attributed businesses including some 
significant events that occurred during the quarter, financial results, and our overall liquidity picture. Then I will close 
with a brief summary of the quarter and our outlook as we embark upon the balance of 2007, and as I said, we will 
open the call to questions. 

During the first quarter, we continued the fairly frenetic pace we set in 2006. As previously noted at the time we 
created the two tracking stocks, one of our key objectives was to reduce the complexity inherent in the diverse group of 
assets and financial instruments that we attributed to Liberty Capital. During Q1, we made significant progress on this 
front. During the quarter or shortly there afterwards, we completed the sale or exchange of a number of our core – 
non-core assets, including the sale of our OpenTV stake for $107 million, the sale of On Command for 332 million in 
cash and 48 million in LodgeNet stock, and the 355 exchange of our CBS stake for 170 million in cash and CBS's 
O&O in Green Bay. Our team has done a very nice job of executing on attractive, tax-efficient deals that are 
transforming Liberty Capital into a focused operating business. 

One result of these transactions has also been significant cash generation. During the quarter, we put this cash to work 
by undertaking a self-tender for Liberty Capital A shares. This $1.3 billion self-tender was successfully completed in 
April and resulted in an 8.2% reduction in the outstanding Liberty Capital shares. 

If, as we hope, we complete further transactions, we are likely to grow our cash reserves and will consider further share 
repurchases as a means to creating shareholder value. Our Board recently authorized the repurchase of up to an 
additional $1 billion of Liberty Capital stock. 

Looking over to the operating side, and first starting with Liberty Capital. The reduction of Starz's programming costs 
combined with positive subscriber trends and modest revenue growth drove a very impressive significant 78% increase 
in operating cash flow. We expect ongoing reductions in programming costs throughout the balance of the year and 
commensurate increases in OCF. 

Looking at QVC, domestic operations rebounded nicely from a somewhat slower fourth quarter and achieved solid 
revenue and OCF growth. As Chris Shean will discuss shortly, QVC's international operations encountered difficult 
market conditions and some operating challenges that resulted in slower-than-expected revenue growth and a reduction 
in OCF. 

Provide Commerce and BUYSEASONS produced solid financial results during the quarter and our business 
development team continued its efforts to find additional strategic additions to our portfolio of interactive businesses 
and completed, as we announced yesterday, the signing of a deal for the business Backcountry. 

The net result of the ongoing execution of our strategies has been continued strong price performance at Liberty 
Interactive and at Liberty Capital. During the quarter, LCAPA share price rose 13%, while LINTA was up 10%. 

With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Chris. 


Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks Greg. There is a slide show that goes along with the commentary, so I am just going to walk you through those. 

First, let's take a look at Liberty Interactive. Here is a quick snapshot of the first quarter revenue and OCF performance 
of LINTA. As you can see, Liberty Interactive's attributed businesses continued to achieve strong top-line growth 
during the quarter. OCF continued to grow as well, but at a slower pace, as QVC's international operations faced some 
challenges that I will describe in more detail shortly. 

Looking more closely at LINTA: Its businesses achieved 10% revenue growth and a 5% increase in operating cash 
flow. Provide Commerce and BUYSEASONS, which were acquired in 2006, experienced strong year-over-year 
revenue growth and Provide also continued to experience solid OCF increases. During the quarter, we continue to 
repurchase Liberty Interactive shares. Through March 31st, we have repurchased 1.5 million shares in 2007 and 53.1 
million shares or just under 8% shares outstanding since the inception of the LINTA share repurchase program. 

We did not repurchase at the same pace in the first quarter as we had in 2006, due in large part to the fact that our 
buying occurred during a 10b5-1 plan. Nonetheless, we continue to believe in share repurchases as a good means of 
enhancing shareholder value and we still have authorization from our Board of Directors to purchase up to another 1 
billion of Liberty Interactive equity. Also, during the quarter, the value of our stakes in IAC and Expedia continue to 
rise, picking up where they left off in 2006. In total, gross stakes increased approximately 5% in value during the first 
quarter. 

Now, taking a closer look at the quarterly performance at QVC, they experienced consolidated revenue growth of 8% 
to 1.68 billion during the quarter and a 5% increase in OCF to 374 million. As previously mentioned, domestic revenue 
was up 8% for the year to 1.17 billion, this increase was mainly due to increased sales to existing subscribers 
particularly in the areas of accessories and apparel. The average selling price grew 3% during the quarter to $46.04, and 
shipments were up 4% to 27.8 million. 

Domestic OCF also increased 8% for the quarter while OCF margins expanded modestly due to a slight increase in 
gross margins. QVC.com sales continued to grow as a percentage of overall domestic sales rising from 20% in the first 
quarter last year to 22% this year. 

International revenue increased 9% for the quarter while OCF declined 2%. Revenue increases were due to favorable 
foreign currency exchange rates, increased sales to existing customers, and subscriber growth in all of our international 
markets. The OCF decline was due to lower margins stemming from a greater inventory obsolescence provision and 
higher product distribution costs. Excluding the effect of exchange rates, international revenue increased 3% while 
OCF declined 7%. 

International operating cash flow margins declined about 220 basis points during the quarter, primarily due to a 180 
basis point decline in gross margins. 

QVC Germany experienced unit increases which were largely offset by decline in the average selling price and a 3% 
increase in the VAT. Gross margins in Germany also declined resulting in a decline in OCF. 

In the U.K., unit growth was largely offset by a reduction in the ASP. QVC Japan experienced revenue growth during 
the quarter and a modest OCF increase as the business was adversely affected by recent changes in the administration 
of Japan's regulations pertaining to product claims over food, health, and beauty products. 

We continue to be pleased with the solid performance of QVC's domestic operations, but were disappointed with the 
soft performance in QVC's international markets. We are confident that Mike George and his team have identified the 
significant challenges and that they will successfully address them in the periods ahead. 

Over the remainder of this year, we expect to complete the major capital projects QVC has undertaken over the past 
two years and our CapEx should return to normalized levels in 2008. We will see some of the fruit of this capital this 
summer as QVC's new state-of-the-art distribution centers in Japan and Florence, South Carolina open. 


Now, looking at LINTA's liquidity picture, we continue to maintain a strong capital structure and good liquidity at the 
businesses attributed to LINTA. LINTA has attributed cash and public investments of 5.3 billion and has 6.4 billion of 
attributed debt. Excluding the value of its investment positions in Expedia and IAC, Liberty Interactive's attributed net 
debt of 5.5 billion equates to a multiple of just over three times annual operating cash flow. As previously stated, we 
would be comfortable sustaining net debt levels of 4 to 5 times operating cash flow. As a result, the LINTA businesses 
have significant liquidity to grow organically and through acquisitions and to shrink LINTA equity as deemed 
appropriate. 

Before I move on to Liberty Capital's businesses, Greg has a few comments about LINTA's – let's talk about 
ecommerce businesses and our overall acquisition strategy. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Chris. I thought I would take a moment just to address these ecommerce acquisitions that we have been doing. 
When you look at Liberty Interactive, it's quite easy to focus just on QVC, since its overall size and success. However, 
at LINTA, we've amassed a fairly substantial, fast-growing group of independent ecommerce businesses. 

Including Backcountry deal which we announced yesterday, we'll have invested about $630 million in these businesses. 
Last year, in 2006, they generated substantial operating cash flow and we expect them to grow significantly again this 
year. Based on the aggregate purchase price of the businesses, we paid less than 15 times '06 OCF or EBITDA, and 
expect that the number for '07 is going to be approximately 11 times, i.e., the OCF we generate this year will mean we 
paid about 11 times for that cash flow. 

For businesses that are going to – we expect to have OCF growth of greater than 20% per annum on a sustained basis, 
we think these multiples are quite attractive and a good use for our capital. Today, we'd not putting leverage on these 
companies. Given their relatively high free cash flow rates, we could – we also think that we could comfortably 
leverage these to four or five times, again allowing us to purchase more businesses, ecommerce businesses, or 
repurchase LINTA stock. 

Given the growth rate of these businesses and the potential for more acquisitions, one way to think about the 
ecommerce businesses is, they're about approaching the scale of a smaller new country for QVC. We are not quite to 
that level yet, but that's a target that's not far out of sight, that they could be to the level of one of the overseas groups at 
QVC. 

So as I said, we are happy with the progress on this front, and we continue to look for more ecommerce acquisitions 
that fit our model of strong management teams, good businesses with sustainable positions, and high free cash flow 
generation and good growth at reasonable prices. 

So, we are happy with that success, and with that, let me turn it over to Chris for some more comments about Liberty 
Capital. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Okay. As Greg mentioned earlier, we continue to make progress on transforming the assets attributed to Liberty Capital 
into a well-positioned, focused set of operating assets. Nonetheless, the combined income statement of Liberty Capital 
remains a smaller part of the story. 

Overall, Liberty Capital reported a 20% revenue gain and a 33% increase in OCF for the quarter. LCAPA's largest 
attributed operating asset, Starz Entertainment, which, for those purposes does not include Starz Media, is continuing to 
strengthen its operations. During the quarter, its revenue grew a modest 2% to 265 million, while it experienced a 
significant 78% increase in OCF, 73 million. I will talk more about this shortly. 


Taking a closer look at Liberty Capital events during the quarter. LCAPA attributed revenue grew 20% in the quarter 
while OCF increased 33%. Revenue growth was driven by modest increases at Starz. The inclusion of Starz Media and 
a full quarter of FUN Technologies which was acquired in the middle of the first quarter in 2006. 

These gains were partially offset by lower GAAP revenue at TruePosition, due to some modifications and some 
contracts that affected some accounting treatment there. OCF growth was driven by increased revenue and reduced 
programming expenses at Starz Entertainment partially offset by losses at TruePosition and the inclusion of Starz 
Media. 

As mentioned previously, we have completed a number of divestures and asset exchanges since the issuance of our 
tracking stocks. These transactions have resulted in the generation of significant cash reserves attributed to Liberty 
Capital. We have put some of these reserves to work during the first quarter as we initiated a dutch auction tender offer 
for Liberty Capital Series A common stock. This offer was successfully completed on April 5th and resulted in the 
repurchase of approximately 11.5 million LCAPA shares at a price of $113 per share, for total cash consideration of 1.3 
billion. The repurchase represented 8.2% of the Liberty Capital shares outstanding. We will continue to evaluate share 
repurchases as a means of enhancing shareholder value as our liquidity position affords us. We continue to work on the 
completion of our News Corp. exchange and expect to close that transaction in the second half of the year. We are also 
evaluating numerous other transactions and will report on those as they arise. 

Taking a closer look at Starz, Starz continued to experience solid subscriber growth in the first quarter as Starz' average 
subscribers increased 9% while Encore's grew 6%. 

For the quarter, revenue grew 2% as subscriber growth slightly outpaced the reduction in the effective rate that resulted 
from certain of Starz' fixed rate affiliation agreements. 

Starz' operating expenses declined 12% for the quarter largely the result of a 12% decline in programming expenses 
and an overall decline in its SG&A expenses. The reduction in programming costs resulted from lower effective rates 
for the movie shown in the quarter, partially offset by increased costs from a higher ratio of first-run movie exhibitions 
versus library product exhibitions. The SG&A decline is a result of the reduction of marketing activity with Starz' 
affiliates. 

I would add that the quality of Starz' movies is very strong this year as their anchor studios had big hits last year 
including "Pirates of the Caribbean" and "The Da Vinci Code" and Starz was able to buy great pay-TV movie than the 
open market at better rates than in prior years. In addition to its operating – it's Starz and Encore movie channels, Starz 
management continues to be busy with the integration of Starz Media and the development of Overture Films which 
will release its first film later this year. 

Taking a look at LCAPA liquidity picture, the LCAPA businesses are also in a position of financial strength. At quarter 
end and including our News Corp. stake, LCAPA was attributed with approximately $18.8 billion of public 
investments and derivatives and nearly 2.4 billion of cash and liquid investments which together add approximately 

21.1 billion or only partially offset by 4.6 billion face amount of attributed debt. This provides LCAPA with significant 
flexibility to grow its businesses and will play an important role in the strategic direction of these assets going forward. 
Now with all that, I will turn it back over to Greg for a quick recap of the year and talk about what's ahead for 2007. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Chris. Well, let me summarize by saying, we expect our continued rapid pace of activity and transformation 
that we did during the first quarter to continue. Liberty Interactive continues to execute successfully on its strategy. Our 
operating businesses grew revenue there and cash flow, we repurchased equity, and we're diligently seeking further 
strategic value-enhancing acquisitions. While we were disappointed with QVC's international performance, the 
domestic businesses rebound and continue to show good growth. I think management and we are confident that we will 
address the problems of international over the next several quarters. 


The transformation at Liberty Capital continues. We completed, as we said, several previously-announced asset sales 
and exchanges. We initiated and a – that large self-tender after quarter-end. And we believe we took another important 
series of steps in simplifying the assets attributed to Liberty Capital, while creating greater focus on our operating 
operations. 

Obviously, we have a lot of work to do still, but we feel good about our progress to date and we believe the market, as 
evidenced by the performance of both equities, agrees we're on the right path. Looking ahead, we remain actively 
engaged in strategic development efforts to determine the best path to drive shareholder value. We'll work to close the 
pending deals, led of course by the DirecTV deal, as we seek to diversify and exchange additional non-core assets and 
pursue incremental strategic acquisitions. We have a lot of financial flexibility, and we look to put that to work to 
enhance our organic growth, shrink our equity and make strategic acquisitions. 

Thank you for your attention today, and listening to our call. And thank you for your continued interest in Liberty 
Media. With that operator, I would like to turn it over for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We will go and take our first question from Vijay Jayant with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thanks. Greg, I have a few questions. First, if you see what Dr. Malone has done at Liberty 
Global and also at LCAPA, he's done Dutch tenders, given your leverage at LINTA today, why wouldn't we see a 
massive buyback being instituted in – there was a pretty modest million-odd shares bought in the quarter? The second 
question I have is, given the one-year anniversary of the tracker, I think May 4th is the date where you can probably 
re-collapse LCAP and LINTA, is that a thought that's even on the table and, if so, the rationale for that? And I may 
have a follow-up, please. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Okay Vijay. So on a LINTA buyback, I think we probably, with absolute hindsight, bought too 
little during the quarter and we probably should have bought more. Whether we will execute on a larger buyback in the 
form of a Dutch auction tender or the like, I think, we will be opportunistic given market conditions on that as we were 
after the drop in February in Liberty Capital. 

Our program at Liberty Interactive has been more towards systematic shrink, but we probably are not – haven't shrunk 
as much as we could, and we will look to be opportunistic, as I said, to do that faster when conditions warrant. 

As far as re-collapsing the trackers, LINTA and LCAPA, I think the original logic for splitting them remains in place, 
that Liberty Capital remains today, even with the progress we have made, a collection of not-integrated and somewhat 
disparate financial and investment stakes and some operating businesses. And we probably don't have a cohesive story 
enough to make them integrated or reintegrated. 

That having been said, once they – we've even gotten Liberty Capital to that position where it truly is a focused 
operating business, we will have to look and evaluate whether it makes sense to have them funded separately and 
whether the disparate shareholder groups and the audiences are, still remain sufficiently diverse that we want to keep 
them apart. So I don't think we have any plans. and those are just some of the considerations we look at about whether 
we wanted to combine them. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Okay, so just follow-up. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Sure. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Was there any period during the quarter you were sort of restricted from buying back stock 
because there was some pending opportunities that you were exploring, if you can comment? 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: We are always having those kind of discussions, but I don't think we would comment whether 
we are blacked out or not. We obviously have normal blackouts around our earnings and the results, but I don't think 
we are in the business of commenting on whether we have been blacked out. That's not a precedent I think we want to 
set. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you, Jay. 

Operator 

We will take our next question from Jessica Reif with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Thank you, I have a couple of questions. First on LCAPA. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Hi Jessica. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Hi. Just two completely different things on LCAPA, and then a question on LINTA. On 
Starz, I just want to clarify, the programming costs, sounds like you guys expect this to continue. Is it a lower price per 
film from Disney and Sony, or is there something else going on? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think it is more attributed to the fact that Sony and Disney are producing a smaller percentage 
of the overall pictures that we are showing. We've done some things to be more effective and more efficient in overall 
on how we show movies, but we are also filling in with cheaper-priced films, incrementally beyond what Sony and 
Disney are producing, to make an overall lower cost. Bob, you want to add some stuff on that? 

<A - Robert Clasen>: On the cost side, that's correct. They have, for their own reasons, decided to focus on tent pole 
films and they have their core number of very big pictures and they are doing less films around the edges. And that lets 
us go into the spot market, so to speak, and buy at very attractive rates because we are one of the few film buyers in the 
marketplace in the pay window. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Okay thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: One point to add there probably Jessica is if one were to renew – and fewer and fewer deals 
are being renewed like the kind of output deals that we have executed with Sony and Disney – but if one were to renew 
that today in a free market atmosphere, the price at which you renewed that deal would be substantially less as well. So 
the overall market for pay TV for a bunch of reasons, the overall market per cost for films in the pay TV window 
whether output deals or spot deals, as Bob noted, has come down substantially. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Okay, and then much more meaningful for you is what happens with News Corp. and 
DirecTV, so could you just give some clarity in the timing? You said later this year, do you expect June/July? And 
then, if DirecTV recapitalizes once you've changed News Corp. stock, can you clarify, if it is a dividend that they issue, 
what would you use your cash for? Would you like to increase your stake in DirecTV or would you prefer to diversify 
and, if so, can you just clarify where? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Okay. On the first question of timing of the DirecTV deal, I think we have indicated, there are 
four hurdles, there were four hurdles at the time we struck the deal. One of them was the News Corp. shareholder vote, 
which occurred and overwhelmingly voted in favor of the transaction, the other three are all government related: an 
IRS ruling, DoJ clearance and FCC clearance. 

We are making progress on all of those, as much as one can. I think the one that is probably the most likely to get 
solved first is the IRS, and the DoJ next, and probably the FCC last, if one were guessing. We certainly are not looking 
for a June close. I think we've always said, because the FCC attempts to get things done in six months which, given our 
filings in January, would have suggested a late July close at best. I think we are probably thinking late July would be 
optimistic and we are more like August, which is a difficult time in DC, or maybe September. But we are somewhat at 


the mercy of those government agencies, and we will see the progress that they make. 

As far as a recapitalization, if DirecTV were to undertake that, and obviously while we have some voice, we are not yet 
closed, as we just noted, and we are not a control shareholder, just a significant one, or the significant one. And we 
don't know whether they will attempt to recap. But I – if they were to do that, I think we would look at the conditions at 
the time to consider whether we wanted to redeploy that capital by looking at other businesses for Liberty Capital or 
looking at a repurchase of Liberty Capital stock or incremental repurchases of DirecTV. And I think we'd have to look 
at market conditions at the time. 

I think overall we like the DirecTV asset. We like owning it. And I think, while we said we have flexibility to go to 
25.1, we also have the opportunity to go up to the higher numbers. We could go to 49.9, I think, without triggering any 
kind of issues on our shareholder letter with them. That's certainly something we'd consider. And there are alternatives 
around, whether for cash or stock, thinking about increases in DirecTV. So I think we would really have to look at 
market conditions at the time and what our other alternatives were both in terms of where Liberty Capital share price 
was, what other things Liberty Capital could purchase and where the DirecTV share price was. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Can I just ask one question on LINTA. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Sure. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Combined question on LINTA. Could you give us some clarity on what the effect of this – 
you mentioned the Japanese regulatory change. This is actually multiple questions in one. What actually is going on in 
the U.K. with the average selling price? And was gold discontinued because of price increases? It's multiple questions 
on Liberty. I mean on QVC. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, I think rather than – as I certainly could answer them, we have someone far more 
articulate. So I will let Mike trigger off. And I heard Japanese, health and beauty issues, U.K. ASP, and there was a 
third. 

<A - Michael George>: Gold. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Gold. Gold. 

<A - Michael George>: Sure. Jessica on the HBA regulations in Japan, the basic issue is that the regulatory authorities 
in Japan have adopted a more aggressive interpretation of existing laws as to how you position and sell health and 
beauty products. A lot of very specific issues related to our business, like not allowing us to do a before and after shot 
when you show cosmetics. So it's a series of changes like that, but the net impact has been to put a significant crimp in 
our health and beauty sales. As you may know, they were about 40% – 40, a little over 40% of our business historically 
in Japan and they've declined 10 to 15 points in the last quarter. So we are in the process of both, trying to accelerate 
the growth of other businesses, like fashion, fashion accessories, to try to fill some of that health and beauty gap, as 
well as working with the regulatory authorities and trying to find a way to continue to sell these products that meets 
their requirements. So it has had a significant impact on our top line velocity in Japan. And that will take a little bit of 
time to work through, given how meaningful those businesses were to our total. We think over several quarters we will 
get that adjusted, but in the short run it's a bit of a challenge for us. 

In the U.K., the ASP decline is actually related to the gold issue. So we have seen our jewelry business, in a really 
around-the-world struggle a bit in the last year with the run-up in gold pricing, but it had a particularly significant 
impact in the U.K. We continue to be in the jewelry business. We continue to be in the gold business. But our growth 
rate was negative in the quarter and that was the biggest single driver of the deceleration in the UK. That trend started 
about Q2 of last year. So as you may recall, the U.K. revenue started to slow down in Q2 of last year, largely on the 
back of jewelry issues. So the comps get a little bit easier starting in Q2, so we think we will get through that, but we 
are certainly not there yet. So we are still in the gold business, but it has – the growth rate has slowed down 
significantly, and that decline in turn is what drove the decline in the ASPs. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Thank you. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you, Jessica. 

Operator 

Next from Deutsche Bank we will hear from Doug Mitchelson. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks very much gentlemen. Two questions, one for Greg, one for John. Greg, beyond the 
News Corp deal that's already been announced and the potential Time Warner deal being pursued, if you look at the 
value of your remaining for sale securities it appears to be mostly offset by exchangeables and derivatives. That would 
imply, of course, that monetizing those stakes could become less of a priority going forward. Is that a fair statement in 
the extent that you believe there is meaningful value still being extracted from those holdings? Can you give us some 
sense of the potential sources of that value? 

And then for John, I know you don't own any DirecTV shares yet and you won't have a controlling stake, but I'm sure 
you are paying close attention to trends in video and so, to that end, I was hoping you'd give your latest thoughts on the 
competitive landscape in video, in particular, the lack of a two-way interactive pipe for satellite, that as cable ramps to 
VOD service further with announcements like the ABC-Cox VOD deal today? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So on the other holdings, I think one of the key things to point out as well, those may be offset 
by exchangeables – that's at face value in terms of the pre-tax value on the investment side. One of the things that we 
are constantly striving and we are, obviously, the marketplace pays attention to, is any tax liabilities that we have in the 
underlying shares, and so we look not only to generate incremental cash by these transactions, but in lots of cases to try 
and eliminate or reduce tax liability. 

So certainly, while it's not as obvious on these other securities what our path is, meaning particularly, when you get 
down to some of them like MOT, it's not clear that there is a business we could exchange for in a 355 or the like. There 
certainly are in some of the others, businesses that are attractive and we have ongoing dialogue with them about 
potential swaps or the like. So I think there is an opportunity to increase value by smart transactions with those players. 
John, do you want to comment on video? 

<A - John Malone>: Yes, I would say, even in the case of Motorola, where you are talking about 2/3 cash and 1/3 
operating business, and now that we are moving into DirecTV and into the technology sector, there may be elements of 
Motorola that would fit us. And, obviously, the logic for those kinds of exchanges is to avoid long-term tax leakage – 
or reduce long-term tax leakage and pick up synergistic assets. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Do you want to go back into GI, John? For old times' sake? 

<A - John Malone>: Absolutely. I make money every time. Those are the best. Going three times now. Anyway, with 
respect to the video landscape, I think it's our view that if you look at the relative video growth of satellite versus cable, 
satellite in '06 did all the growing and cable was effectively flat. So satellite I think collectively gained about 2 million 
video subs in '06 and cable is quiet. So satellite continues to tick up growth in the market and cable tends to be flat. 
Now, from a pure video perspective, DirecTV has made a commitment to essentially leapfrog everybody, both 
EchoStar and cable, by going to a fleet of Ka-band satellites that will allow them to massively increase their 
high-definition downstream fire power. And that, combined with large high-definition PVRs, is believed to hit the 
sweet spot or what the public is particularly interested in right now, which is the use of a PVR for program storage and 
replay, combined with high-definition. That is kind of the hot spot right now in the video business. And the 
combination of superior firepower and ubiquity would seem to give DirecTV a tactical advantage over the next couple 
of years. While cable does have technologies that it can deploy to expand their capacity, those will be difficult to do on 
a ubiquitous basis in a short timeframe. So we think that there will be a tactical advantage that Direct will have in terms 
of the ability to offer the public what the public seems to really want now, which is high-definition content for the big 
screens and high-definition displays. 

With respect to the issue of a broadband compatibility, both DirecTV and EchoStar have bundling arrangements with 
the telcos and with DSL, which, if you look at the numbers, DSL is actually gaining market share on the margin against 


cable in terms of broadband market share, probably as much on price as anything. But the – as the broadband 
marketplace saturates, I think which will happen over the next two years, we think that the bundling of satellite with 
DSL will give satellite a reasonably effective package as compared with what cable can offer. While it is true that cable 
can increase its bandwidth over time, almost at cable's discretion, so it speeds faster than DSL will be able to deploy, 
we think that for practical purposes the bulk of the market will be satisfied for the next few years with a DSL offering. 
The other problem of course cable has is if they go to high speeds – much higher speeds than DSL, they run the risk of 
content bypass, which I don't believe anybody wants to jump to too fast in the cable industry. 

And finally, as PVRs become larger and larger and more customer friendly in terms of their interfaces, we think that 
the flexibility for the public of recording virtually any programming without copyright risk is a superior flexibility to, 
essentially, a VOD, which can only be provided on a copyright pay basis since the content would be stored at the 
head-end. So when you look at the whole package, it is going to be a very interesting evolution. Also, I might point out 
that as wireless broadband comes along, while it may not have the bit rates that a stationary system has, it will have 
portability and even mobility, and we think perhaps that video mobility will be as important a bundle as is broadband 
bundling. 

So it's still a fairly complicated competitive posture as we go forward. And I think most of all, what I haven't addressed, 
is our belief that the DSL for IP video is going to be insufficient to satisfy the needs of any meaningful percentage of 
the public. And so we believe that it's kind of a duopoly game – satellite cable for video – as the public wants more and 
more high-definition programming on multiple sets simultaneously. Very difficult for DSL to provide that kind of 
video load, but if you transfer the video load onto the satellite, and use the DSL connectivity for long tail stuff, 
overnight stuff, internet video, of limited quality and capacity and simultaneity, and also look at it more as a data and IP 
telephony game, then I think you see a package that's quite competitive for a satellite/DSL/wireless package versus a 
terrestrial cable package. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Great answer, John. If I could just add one or two more points, which I think is – right on. 
John pointed out that the – you've reached quite a lot of density, 50%+ of homes, and particularly cable and satellite 
homes, having high speed access already. And we think about where that tops out at 60, 70, 80%. You're going to reach 
saturation point. You've already seen a market where, fortunately for us, video ARPUs have been rising and data and 
voice ARPUs flat to declining. I think that is likely to be more stretched as you get to that saturation point. John made 
the point about wireless. If you're a consumer and there's an ability to get bundles that are attractive, and so far there 
has not been a compelling reason why the integrated offering of cable has an edge. In fact, in many cases like video 
quality, it's actually a less attractive offering than what a satellite/DSL combo is. You're happy to go out and get that as 
a consumer. 

Down the road, if you think about bundles where there is the case of more and more wireless, not only wireless voice 
but wireless data and wireless video – let's call them the quad, quint and sextet place – if you about those down the 
road, I think those are places where we look forward and think those are bundles where we really do need to have a 
strong offering. The consumer may be perfectly willing and is perfectly capable today of finding broadband access that 
matches up with the satellite package, but down the road there's going to be a much more logical offering in the 
consumer's mind of mobile video from DirecTV, than maybe broadband access and there's probably going to be a much 
tighter integration of that kind of service. So that's where I think some of the things we're focused on, not only the 
current offering around triple play, but where those quad, quint, and sextet plays go. 

<A - John Malone>: I would add one more ingredient, which is that in cooperation between the two satellite platforms 
can come substantial improvement in operating performance and financial flexibility, as well as enormous step-up in 
total firepower, in total downstream capacity. 

So clearly, working relationships to achieve synergies and be more efficient in terms of capital structure between 
EchoStar and Direct is one of the top things on our list. 

<Q - Douglas Mitchelson>: Terrific. Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Andy Baker with Cathay Financial has our next question. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: Thanks a lot. Good morning. A couple of questions. First, I noticed that the long term outlook was 
not provided in the release. I was just wondering if you're still maintaining your long term outlook for the QVC and the 
LINTA businesses. And second on – I'll lay this question for Mike. Is there any further thinking or any changing in 
thinking about whether or not HSN makes a good addition to the LINTA business directly as opposed to just through 
your one – potentially controlling stake in Interactive Corp? I mean I can't help but notice that the value of your stake 
in InterActiveCorp is probably about fair value for what the HSN business is currently. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So I'll comment briefly on both and let Mike add what he wishes. On the long term outlook, 
we had a big debate about here whether we ought to reaffirm the long term outlook, and since this was a quarterly 
release and that was a long term outlook, we didn't think we needed to reaffirm it every quarter. So we will be happy to 
reaffirm it at that. 

But the absence of a reaffirmation in the quarterly release doesn't speak to our change in outlook, it only speaks to the 
fact that it's a quarterly release and that's a three to five year outlook so we don't expect the need to set it out every 
quarter. If we have a change in perspective, we will certainly let you know. 

On the HSN issue, I think that's a deal that's probably been discussed for 10 or 15 years. It's always discussed, not only 
by even analysts but by ourselves and considered. We note the performance or relative lack of performance of H 
compared to Q. And question and all those kind of things whether – what it would be worth and do we have not only 
the capability, but frankly the management bandwidth to go and attack the problem of trying to fix and improve the 
operations at HSN because they obviously have relative lack of performance. 

And lastly, I think one point Andy which is that, your observation about the value of the IAC stake versus the value of 
H, we would fundamentally disagree, particularly given the recent performance. The IAC stake is worth a heck of a lot 
more than H. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: Fair enough. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Anything you want to add, Mike? 

<A - Michael George>: No, I think you got it. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: All right. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Robert Peck with Bear Stearns. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Greg, continuing along those lines, could you talk about the long term strategic value to you of 
your travel assets? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'll comment and I think – I'm sure John has got some views on travel as well. But I think the 
travel business is one that is – had great success in the internet space and Expedia has been a leader. While it has had 
some relative over the near term lack of performance, it actually in the very near term has accelerated and done better, 
both as was seen in the stock price but also as seen in its operations. 

That having been said, there are opportunities out there to think about adding leverage to Expedia and/or perhaps 
consolidating some of the travel assets that are out there. You've seen some of that happen with private equity. The 
potential to do more of that clearly exists. And we find it an attractive space both for its organic characteristics of how 
it is coming back and also for some of the potential for those combinations. 


One of the assets inside Expedia that is quite attractive is, is it increasingly has a content business and an ad opportunity 
that is – I don't think the marketplace fully recognizes. We – I have some history with Expedia. And one of the 
challenge at Expedia has always been that 90, 80%, whatever the visitors who come don't purchase. Ways to monetize 
the information that you provide them, ways to monetize the eye balls that come and gain value from you but you don't 
gain value from them because you don't execute on a transaction, you build an ad strategy around that, are very 
interesting. And I think Expedia is making good progress on that point. John do you want to add anything on that? 

<A - John Malone>: Yes, the little business within Expedia's trip advisor which is growing very nicely and is very 
profitable and is in fact a media property, independent of really of Expedia, although Expedia is one of its large 
advertisers. 

Clearly consolidation in the internet travel space would be very synergistic and create value. But in the short run, it is a 
business that generates an enormous amount of free cash flow, has very attractive working capital characteristics. 
Carries de minimis leverage, would benefit from leverage, it's fully taxable. So, clearly if we cannot do anything else, 
taking the leverage up, shrinking the equity, makes a lot of sense. It makes even more sense to try and find an 
appropriate consolidation in this phase, because of what would be very large consolidation synergy. So that's my view 
of it. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: And when you talk about consolidation do you mean vertical or horizontal? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Horizontal. 

<A - John Malone>: Primarily horizontal. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Although vertical opportunity is out there as well. Clearly seen some of that happen with not 
only captive ones that got created where GDS has created their own front-ends but you have seen countless cases where 
they've come together. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Thanks so much. 

<A - John Malone>: Mostly horizontal and even geographical. 

<Q - Robert Peck>: Thanks again. 

Operator 

We will hear next from Imran Khan with JPMorgan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Couple of questions. First I was wondering if you 
can give us some sense how QVC.com did in the U.K., what kind of growth rate you are experiencing there. And 
secondly on more of a high level, if I look at the household penetration in the U.S., it's pretty steady between 8 to 8.5% 
over the last two years. How should I think about that penetration rate increase going forward? How should I think it as 
a lever for growth and how could I do that? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. Mike, do you want to take those? 

<A - Michael George>: Sure. In the U.S., the internet penetration was about 22.5% in the quarter up from about 19.8% 
last year. So we see a continued, fairly consistent increase in the internet penetration of about 2 to 3 points, typically 2 
to 2.5 points a year. And I think we will see that sort of sustained growth. 

There are some things on the horizon that can cause that growth to accelerate. We are investing in a major redesign of 
the site, really the first time we have ever undertaken a comprehensive redesign. The first phase of that launches in the 
fall. And there will be a couple of subsequent phases next year. That coupled with the increase in use of video over the 
internet, which really plays to our strength, are some wild cards that could see us to accelerate beyond our historic 
trajectory. But at this point it's been a pretty consistent 2 to 2.5 points a year and at a minimum I think we will see that 
continue. 


And in terms of household penetration you are right; it's been fairly steady at around 8%. What drives our growth 
fundamentally is that as we bring new customers into the fold, you certainly have some customers that attrite, primarily 
one time purchasers. So the penetration stays somewhat stable. But each class of customers buys more, kind of every 
year, so you see the healthy, consistent increase as new classes of customers kind of grow into being core QVC 
shoppers. 

And so what we have found is that we can have fairly healthy growth even with penetration being flat. 

And as we look out, there is nothing structurally that would cause a concern for us, in terms of being able to maintain 
consistent growth with fairly flat penetration. Having said all of that I would like to see us grow our penetration and 
really break out of that 8% level that we have been in. We are not ready to talk about it right now but we are working 
on – what I think will be some fairly exciting things from a marketing and branding standpoint to really try to up-level 
the QVC brand and position it with consumers in kind of a new light. 

We are going to experiment our way into that, so it would be premature to predict what the results would be. But the 
net message is we can grow at a healthy rate with flat penetration. But we are also going to try some new things to try 
to get that penetration moving up as well. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you Imran. Next question please. 

Operator 

We will take our next question from Jeff Shelton with Bleichroeder [Natexis Bleichroeder]. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Thanks. In your prepared remarks you mentioned some reasons about Liberty Interactive share 
repurchase. I wasn't – I didn't fully understand that. Was there a limiting factor involved there? And have you 
repurchased any shares so far in the second quarter? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think what we said was that we – during part of the period, we were under a 10b5 program so 
we were not, because of blackouts and the like we operate under a 10b5, we were not able to make our own free 
purchases or executions decisions – we were subject to limitations which we'd set in place before the blackout period. 
And as far as the second question, I am sorry, if you could repeat it? 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: Have you repurchased any shares? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I don't think – I think our policy is that we don't announce what we have done. What we do is 
you can – if you're an assiduous reader of the Q will find out what we because it's listed what we've done through the 
date of the filing of the Q which will be today. But effectively that won't be radically different as you think about it 
then that will be in that same period where we are subject to a 10b5 because blackouts generally extend from quarter – 
beginning of a quarter through the time you announce earnings. 

<Q - Jeffrey Shelton>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from April Horace with Janco Partners. 

<Q - April Horace>: Hi thanks for taking question. Just a quick question about Time Warner and the potential that 
they might want to divest some of their interest in Time Warner Cable and what your thoughts might be on that. As 
well as any thoughts you might have on the up and coming auction on the new spectrum. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: On Time Warner Cable, you know it is obviously not an asset that we probably could play 
with. It's not only got scale issues but given what we are doing with Direct, I think it would probably cause some media 
consolidation issues. 

It's got a nice business. They are growing well. Doing lots of positive things. I think the only reason they'd think about 
divesting is if they wanted financial flexibility to do some other things while keeping tax and accounting consolidation. 

And I think they are still only relatively small amount of that stock trading because it is all the stuff that they gave the 
Adelphia holders and got through the Adelphia purchase. They have not actually generated any cash up to the parent 
company through the offering that they did. 

As far as the spectrum from 700, great spectrum. Waterfront property will go priced accordingly. I don't think it is 
something we are likely to bid on as Liberty independently or even Direct will bid on – likely independently, though I 
wouldn't want to speak dispositively for their actions. I think it would be something you do more in conjunction with a 
partner or in conjunction with, if we did something which I'm not suggesting we would, but their off spectrum on its 
own is probably less valuable than working with somebody. So unless we had a plan which we might bid and then 
come up and think about the partner. You probably want to do somebody help us execute on the strategy around the 

700. 
<Q - April Horace>: Okay. Thanks that's all I've got. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Maybe last question operator. 

Operator 

Certainly. Our final question will come from Scott Devitt with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Great, thanks for taking my question. First one is on the international business at LINTA. I was 
wondering if you could break out the revenue by country, U.K., Germany and Japan. And then secondly, on this HSN 
discussion, I'm going to take the opposite view on it and was wondering, given the differing growth rates and operating 
income levels and return on invested capital of the two businesses, why, if you could divest of that stake without tax 
leakage, you actually wouldn't have an interest in doing something of that nature to recapitalize the higher return 
business at LINTA? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Sure. On the first point about the LINTA international businesses, I think they will be in the Q, 
which is going to be filed today, later today. So you'll have that information in a matter of hours. And on H, at some 
value, H is clearly a good deal for us, even despite the issues that I spoke about, its declining profitability and it's, the 
management bandwidth it would take. It's just at what price that we would find attractive to purchase, IAC would find 
attractive to sell. 

<A - John Malone>: Well, H has basically been flat for a number of years and as they try and step on the accelerator 
they depress results... 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Right. 

<A - John Malone>: That's the nature of the business. There is a cost to trying to change your model. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Right. They have added cost so far but not results. 

<A - John Malone>: This quarter we saw the effect of their efforts to change the model. That said, it is a big free cash 
flow generator and could sustain very high leverage. And therefore, one could contemplate owning H, applying best 
management practices to it to grow it and at the same time liberating the capital tax efficiently to shrink the LINTA 
equity. So, you can't basically, presumably if you believe that you could fix H and accelerate its growth rate and use 
high leverage in the process, one could have one's cake and eat it, too. And that's really the question. The real question 
is, how much synergy would there be, how much could Q contribute to future growth at H, and therefore, how much 


leverage and re-leverage could H experience in Q's hands and that's the intellectual challenge. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well and it's got, to form another way, we stated that our goal in all of this is try to get 
operating assets. John has rightly pointed out it is a synergistic operating asset. So, you would like to do it and to have 
access to cash flows, ad leverage, consolidate all those positive things. The net of it is I think if you looked over the last 
three years or so, and certainly during my tenure at Liberty, I'm not sure at any point in time if we had done the 
exchange, we would be better off i.e., hold so far, holding the stock has been a better economic proposition than likely 
holding H. Stock has generally been rising certainly recently declined a little but has had a general rise and H has 
generally been declining, flat to declining and declining more rapidly recently. 

So, are we going to catch a falling knife, is the question and do we need to fix it. So, we weigh all those things and we 
certainly hear the intellectual argument and believe the intellectual argument about at what time, owning the operating 
business would be better, it's just a question of when and at what price. 

<A - John Malone>: We are waiting to hear the management at Q say they are ready to throw their body in front of the 
train. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: May I just follow up, on a separate subject, on the ecommerce strategy of the businesses that you 
are purchasing. 

<A - John Malone>: Yes. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Just wondering if this is about building a portfolio of independent brands or if there is some longer 
term synergy between QVC and what you are building on the ecommerce side. And if there is a synergy, maybe if you 
could just highlight some of the benefits that you have attained from owning Provide Commerce. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So on the question of whether these are portfolio, there is some integrated strategy. I think first 
and foremost, we need to show that they are good businesses with strong management teams that we liked to own for 
the long-term. There are clearly, we believe best practices over time that will work. And if you buy relatively smaller 
ecommerce businesses at attractive multiples compared to what they can get on their own or because of their lack of 
scale, there is some value arbitrage over time. But more importantly you can bring best practices, search an area where 
best practice can work because it's such a large component of many businesses where best practice can work across 
these ecommerce businesses. But many other areas around procurement and the like, we'd like to think we can ship at 
and add value. Is that going to be many multiple points of value, no? I think it is operating; it is sweat equity but it gets 
you value over time. 

The question of what value we can get from QVC, clearly the opportunity to use the video promotion to get exposure to 
the strong and loyal customer base that Q has is one of the attractive opportunities that's out there. We already have that 
happening on the web site well with Provide and BUYSEASONS. I expect we'll see, even though it is somewhat of a 
different demographic, we will see linkages between Backcountry and Q. The larger question of how much we can get 
on-air promotion to benefit. So far we've seen some success of that but I would describe it as modest. And we look to 
find new ways to think about how to market, for example, flowers as you used that as your example, to market that 
on-air. 

And I think there are a lot of creative ideas and a lot of energy that's going on, but I would say the opportunity has 
been, or the success has been modest and the opportunity remains large. Mike, do you want to add anything? 

<A - Michael George>: I think that's fair. The, as you mentioned we, I think there is a real opportunity to leverage the 
collective Internet traffic kind of both ways. So, Provide and BUYSEASONS, you can buy those products and 
complete your transactions at QVC.com and so it is an example right now, we are featuring Provide, featuring 
ProFlowers pretty aggressively for Mother's Day. So there are those kinds of Internet to Internet opportunities. And 
then as Greg said, we will continue to experiment on the video side. A lot of ideas, the things we have tried today 
haven't been home runs. But we will keep experimenting with that. But at a minimum, the leverage in of the collective 
Internet traffic we think is a win. 


<A - John Malone>: I would also add that, Liberty as a company has a lot of great assets but we didn't really have a lot 
of Internet strategy or capability. And we have added a lot of Internet genes and strengths in those management teams 
and I think there is going to be cross-pollinisation benefits. And at the way the entry price of getting to those and the 
opportunities it will open up. I think there are consolidation opportunities within the categories that they are in that are 
directly related. So we not only have the opportunity to have positive synergies between Q and Provide for example, 
but in some of the categories that they are in, I think there are opportunities for to use the platform that we have and the 
management teams we have to extend those businesses, and add synergistic assets on top. 

And so there is an entry price in getting into that. I think we paid that entry price. Provide was probably the most 
expensive of the acquisition that we have done. We have got a great business and a great team out of that and we are 
amortizing that price down and I think we will see opportunities arise out of that going forward. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Great. Thank you for the detail. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. And with that operator I think, we'll close the call. And just let me say thank you to everybody on the call 
from the Liberty side and thank you to all of you out there for your interest in Liberty, your shareholdings, and your 
questions today. 

Operator 

And that does conclude our conference. Again, thank you all for your participation. We do hope you enjoy the rest of 
your day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


