Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 
• Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz 
• Bill Myers 
• John Malone 
Other Participants 

• James Ratcliffe 
• Barton Crockett 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Jason Bazinet 
• David Gober 
• Matthew Harrigan 
• Jeffrey Wlodarczak 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future 
financial performance, new service and product launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied. By such statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of 
this presentation, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with 
regard thereto, or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances in which any such statement is made. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note, and Schedules One through Three can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you. And good morning, and thank you, to all out on the call for joining us today and for your continued interest 
in Liberty Media. Today we'll review the year and the quarter by tracker. We'll discuss the operating performance at 
our controlled subsidiaries. We'll cover transactions and other developments. 

Liberty's Controller, Chris Shean, will discuss the attributed businesses' financial performance and the liquidity picture 
for each of those. And QVC CEO Mike George will discuss operating developments and results at QVC. Starz CEO 
Chris Albrecht will review recent events there at Starz. Also on the call today, we have QVC's CFO Dan O'Connell; 
Starz Entertainment President and COO Bill Myers; Starz CFO Glenn Curtis; and several other assembled Liberty 
senior executives will all be available for questions after the prepared remarks. 

So looking at the first quarter, in general we had excellent and continued momentum from what we experienced in Q4. 
At Liberty Interactive, QVC experienced a good first quarter, with top-tier retail revenue results and industry-leading 
revenue results among home shopping networks. We continue to expand our margins, and we continue to drive Internet 
adaptation and evolution of the business, with U.S. QVC.com revenue growing about 24% year-over-year, and globally 
.com revenue growing about 23% year-over-year. 

Our e-commerce companies posted 10% revenue growth despite a change in our non-transaction revenue programs that 
reduced revenue, and more dramatically impacted adjusted OIBDA. Chris Shean will talk a little bit more about that in 
detail in a moment. 

At Liberty Interactive, we continued to clarify the story, continued to enhance liquidity by selling our shares in ViaSat, 
GSI, and our low-vote shares in IAC. We also extended maturities, with issuances of $500 million tranches of 
seven-year bonds and 10-year bonds. We used some of that liquidity for our recently announced Dutch auction tender 
for $400 million of our senior notes maturing in 2013. 

At Liberty Starz, we had good revenue and adjusted OIBDA results, despite a lack of significant CPI adjustors and a 
programming write-down that Chris Albrecht will discuss in a little more detail. We were very pleased with the 
response to "Spartacus" throughout the 13 weeks. I think the script got stronger; the audience stayed – grew and was 
strong. That's a good example of what exclusive original programming can do, and we see the positive results in the 
sequential trend in subscribers, that is at least partially a result of that. 

There's a virtuous push-pull cycle with our distribution partners being more apt to feature us because of original 
programming like "Spartacus" and our end-use consumers being more apt to ask for us because of original 
programming like "Spartacus." 

We're working on the development of new and exciting series. Perhaps you've read or heard about our coming debut of 
"Pillars of the Earth," which will be on in July, the gripping historical novel that was an Oprah Book Club selection and 
sold over 15 million copies, we think is going to be a great event for our Starz subscribers this summer. 

At Liberty Capital, SIRIUS XM posted very strong financial results, driven by good operating performance, including 
171,000 net adds, churn falling down to 2%, being reduced to 2%, and increased conversion, particularly at some of our 
growing partners on the auto side. Despite the market correction of the last few days, we have very strong gains there 
and remain very excited about the business and its opportunities going forward. 

We're also excited about the opportunities for and the stock performance of Live Nation. While we had mixed results 
for our tender, garnering a little less than 1% of the 34 million shares that we sought, it's a typical Liberty story in that 
we were somewhat pleased with the 35, 40% stock price increase, because we already owned 15% of the stock. 

We continued the share repurchase at Liberty Capital, buying back about $87 million worth of stock from January 30 to 
April 30. And as you may have read in the release, we re-upped for another $500 million of LCAP share repurchase 
authorization approval by our Board. 

So with that, let me turn it over to Chris Shean and let him talk first about the LINTA financial results. 


Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Thanks, Craig. 

Liberty Interactive Group's revenue increased 11% to $2 billion in the first quarter, while adjusted OIBDA increased 
12% to $381 million. QVC, the primary driver of results among the Liberty Interactive attributed assets, had a strong 
quarter, and its total revenue increased 11% to $1.8 billion, while adjusted OIBDA increased 15% to $366 million. 

Liberty Interactive's other e-commerce businesses grew revenue 10% for the quarter. Almost each company posted an 
increase in revenue. However, overall revenue growth was partially offset by lower commission revenue earned when 
customers sign up for third-party online discount services. During the quarter, a decision was made to change the way 
these promotions are offered, which reduced the revenue earned in the quarter. These changes are expected to continue 
to adversely impact commission revenue throughout 2010. 

For the year-ended December 31, 2009, our e-commerce businesses earned revenue from these commissions of 
approximately $32 million. Adjusted OIBDA for the e-commerce businesses decreased 33% for the first quarter, and 
represented almost 7% of revenue, as compared to 11% in the prior-year period. Revenue earned from the commissions 
had significantly higher margins than product sales. Therefore, the reduction in this revenue more negatively impacted 
adjusted OIBDA on a percentage basis. 

Additionally, in the first quarter, more costs were incurred associated with our two start-ups, LOCKERZ and Right 
Start, which had very little related revenue at this point. These negative impacts offset the product-related adjusted 
OIBDA growth that was achieved by our e-commerce businesses. 

Now let's take a quick look at the LINTA liquidity picture. At the end of the first quarter, the group had attributed cash 
and public investments of $4.6 billion, while it had $7.6 billion in attributed debt. QVC accessed the bond market in the 
first quarter, and issued two series of senior notes with a total principal amount of $1 billion, to use the net proceeds to 
purchase and cancel term loans, under its senior secured credit facilities that matured in 2010, '11, and '14. 
Additionally, during the first quarter, Liberty Interactive repaid the full intergroup loan balances to both Liberty Capital 
and Liberty Starz. On April 30, an additional $159 million of bank debt due to mature later in June of 2010 was 
purchased, leaving $16 million of outstanding bank debt due in the second quarter. 

Now, with that I'll hand the call over to Mike George, who will provide more insights into QVC. 

Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thank you, Chris. 

We were delighted with our results in the quarter. We were able to drive strong increases in revenues and adjusted 
OIBDA, as you heard from Chris; continue gaining share against the broader retail market; and sustain the strong 
momentum we saw in the back half of last year. We grew revenue 11% companywide, with particularly strong 
performance in the U.S. and Japan. We continue to see outstanding growth in our e-commerce platform with global 
e-commerce revenues of 476 million, up 23% from Q1 of '09. In addition, we continue to add new customers at a 
strong rate, with worldwide new customer count up 10%, and revenue growth from new customers up 18%. 

Our adjusted OIBDA grew 15% on a 90 basis point improvement in OIBDA margins, driven by strong gains in overall 
product margins and improvements in warehouse and freight productivity. And excluding the impact of our Italy 
start-up, OIBDA margins were up over 100 basis points. 

And with that overview, I'll walk through the results in each market. In the U.S., we increased revenue 10%. Our 
beauty accessories, consumer electronics, and kitchen and floor care businesses were especially strong. Our initiatives 
to build the leading e-commerce business continue to pay off, with QVC.com posting 24% revenue growth in the U.S. 
In the quarter, e-commerce represented 32% of our U.S. revenue, up 3 points from Q1 of last year. We also continued 
to add new customers in the U.S. at a strong pace. In Q1 our new customer count grew 15%, and revenue from new 


customers increased 26%, our second-highest quarterly increase in over a decade, topped only by Q4's strong growth. 

Our return rate did increase from 18 to 18.6%, although this is primarily a reflection of adjustments we made in Q1 of 
last year to true up our accruals with our actual experience. Excluding the impact of those adjustments, our return rate 
increased just 10 basis points. We grew adjusted OIBDA at 19%, driven primarily by a 130 basis point improvement in 
product margins and strong gains in warehouse and freight efficiencies. 

Turning to the U.K., revenue growth was flat in local currency, a reversal of the improving sales momentum we had 
seen through most of 2009. We saw strong growth in our fashion, beauty, and arts and crafts businesses, offset by softer 
results in fine jewelry and consumer electronics. 

In hindsight, we were probably too focused on bringing down inventory levels in Q4 and didn't have enough product 
and programming ammunition to hit our goals in Q1. The team recognized the issue early in the quarter and began 
taking the necessary steps to improve results, and we do expect to see better performance throughout the year. 

Adjusted OIBDA declined 7% in local currency, driven by an increase in the obsolescence rate, partially offset by 
improved operating costs. The increase in the obsolescence provision is largely due to timing issues, which should 
normalize over the course of the year. 

In Germany, growth also slowed, with revenue in local currency increasing 2%. Most of our businesses actually 
performed quite well, with particular strength in health and beauty, accessories, consumer electronics, small appliances, 
and home textiles. However, our jewelry business was difficult. In an effort to turn that business around, we took 
jewelry off the air completely for the last three weeks in March so that we could relaunch it on April 1 with fresh 
product, packaging, and programming. While this severely impacted results in the month, we felt it was the right move 
to strengthen our jewelry business for the long term. 

Adjusted OIBDA declined 1% in local currency, due to a 120 basis point erosion in gross profit, driven by a mix shift 
to consumer electronics and slightly higher liquidation activity, partially offset by strong gains in variable call center 
productivity and lower fixed costs. 

In Japan, revenue grew 13% in local currency, an outstanding result, especially in light of the continued economic 
challenges in that market. The health, beauty, and fashion businesses were particularly strong. Our Japan business has 
gained momentum for three consecutive quarters, and we're encouraged by both the strong sales growth with existing 
customers, and our success introducing new customers to the business. e-commerce revenue growth was particularly 
strong, up 25% to 22% of total sales. 

We continue to see strong usage of mobile devices in Japan, which now represent close to half of all e-commerce 
revenue. Adjusted OIBDA grew 20% in local currency, driven by a 100 basis point improvement in product margins 
and productivity gains in our warehouse and call center. 

In Italy, we had a 4 million adjusted OIBDA loss as we began to staff up for our launch later this year. As we 
previously announced, we anticipate an OIBDA loss in Italy for the full year of 30 to 40 million. We continue to make 
progress on our start-up plans and remain on track for an October launch to roughly 17 million homes in Italy. 

Collectively, our international operations grew adjusted OIBDA 8% in U.S. dollars in the first quarter. If we normalize 
for the losses associated with the Italy start-up costs, international adjusted OIBDA would have grown 11%. And total 
company OIBDA would have increased 16% without Italy, versus the 15% we reported. We believe these strong gains 
in revenue, in OIBDA, in market share, in e-commerce penetration, and in new customers reflects the success of our 
continued efforts to create a new kind of shopping experience, founded on exclusive, compelling product and 
programming content, a leading multimedia platform, and outstanding customer service. 

On the content side, highlights in the U.S. in the quarter included our most extensive Fashion Week programming to 
date and a major red carpet event live from Los Angeles in conjunction with the Academy Awards; the roll-out of our 
new Isaac Mizrahi lifestyle brand that premiered in December; several successful brand and product launches, 
including a new Suze Orman product line, Jillian Michaels' product for the Wii Fit, B. Makowsky footwear, 
complementing its highly successful handbag line, Kim Kardashian's premier fragrance, Vita-Mix blenders, and Dyson 


vacuums. 

On the platform side, in addition to our strong overall e-commerce growth, we see continued strong interest in our 
iPhone app. And over the next six to eight weeks we will be rolling out an enhanced app with live streaming and other 
features, as well as complementary apps for the Android and BlackBerry platforms. We also launched a desktop widget 
to alert customers to our Today's Special Value and other promotions. And later this year we will roll out our new 
global e-commerce platform to our markets in the U.S., U.K., and Germany, which we expect will further bolster our 
strong e-commerce performance. 

We also continue to strengthen our TV platform. In the U.S., our HD rollout continues, and we're now up to about 32 
million homes. And two weeks ago, we announced an exciting partnership with ITV, the U.K.'s largest commercial 
television network. Beginning in late May, QVC will be simulcast on ITV1, their flagship channel, for 27-minute 
segments between midnight and 2 am, for a total of six hours a week. Through this partnership, we'll be able to expose 
QVC to millions of potential new customers and also, create an additional tune-in opportunity on a highly trafficked 
channel for our existing customers. 

And with that I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

A final 18:03 look at Liberty Starz. Liberty Starz attributed revenue grew 3% in the first quarter to $307 million, while 
adjusted OIBDA decreased 1% to $103 million. At quarter-end, Liberty Starz had attributed cash and public holdings 
of $1 billion and attributed debt of only $47 million. 

From January 30 through April 30, Liberty repurchased 540,000 shares of Liberty Starz Class A common stock at an 
average price $47.40 for total cash consideration of $26 million. 

Now with that, Chris Albrecht will comment on events at Starz Entertainment and Media. 

Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz 

Thanks, Chris. 

Starz had a very solid quarter, with three particularly notable achievements. After four quarters of decline, subscriber 
numbers for both Starz and Encore resumed and upward trajectory in the quarter. Our original series "Spartacus: Blood 
and Sand" achieved excellent ratings throughout its first season, as Greg mentioned. And we extended our output 
agreement with the Walt Disney Company for three additional years. 

On the financial front, Starz Entertainment posted revenue of 305 million in the quarter, which was an increase of 3% 
over the same period a year ago. One-third of the revenue increase resulted from higher effective rates, and the rest 
from growth in the weighted average number of subscriptions. So, first quarter OIBDA of 106 million was slightly 
below the prior-year figure, but was impacted by an impairment charge of $4 million related to the second season of 
"Crash," and also, by a marketing spend for "Spartacus" in the quarter. 

Versus fourth quarter of 2009, subscriber numbers grew among affiliates as the impact of the economic downturn 
seems to be abating. And while Starz added 168,000 subscribers during the quarter, boosting its total to 17.1 million, 
Encore also added 565,000 customers to total 31.1 million at the end of March. Both numbers are still below the 
comparative figures a year ago, but revenue was not negatively impacted, because the decreases were attributable to 
reductions in subscription units covered by fixed-rate agreements, which don't impact revenue. 

Now, the success of "Spartacus" exceeded all of our expectations, driven by positive critical reviews and effective 
marketing, the weekend audience size increased by 67% from its premiere on Friday, January 22, all the way through to 
its finale 13 weeks later. And the number of people recording the show on DVRs for later viewing more than doubled 
during that time. As Greg said, the show was the number one rated Friday night program in all of cable TV for seven of 


its final eight weeks. So, for many people around the country, "Spartacus" put Starz on the map. And the same is true in 
other nations. We've experienced a strong interest among broadcasters worldwide, seeking to bring "Spartacus" to their 
viewers. 

In March, as many of you might know, we received the bad news that our talented young star of "Spartacus," Andy 
Whitfield, had been diagnosed with a treatable form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and that would require several months 
of treatment and recuperation. So, this has forced us to delay the production of the second season of "Spartacus." 

With the success of "Spartacus," we've began to ramp up our original strategy. In the first quarter we announced the 
acquisition of U.S. pay TV rights for the eight-episode series "Pillars of the Earth," based on the worldwide bestselling 
book by Ken Follett. The series stars Ian McShane, Donald Sutherland, Rufus Sewell, and will premiere on July 23. 
And most recently, we announced plans to air a new original series, "Camelot," for which we will retain all U.S. rights, 
including premium television, digital, and home entertainment. 

What may be most interesting about these three series is not their similarity in genre, but their difference in financing 
structures. "Spartacus" we produced entirely ourselves, and we retained all rights worldwide. "Pillars," on the other 
hand, was a simple acquisition of domestic pay TV rights. And "Camelot" will be a co-production with Graham King's 
new production company, and the rights will be split between the two of us. 

Going forward, we're looking at several new project in a variety of different genres and with a variety of different 
financing models. We'll be looking for shows that increase the value our customers and affiliates place on Starz and 
that raise our brand recognition. Our goal within the next few years will be to have as many as four original series and 
four miniseries airing on Starz annually. 

And finally, the new agreement with Disney will give us continued access to a key ingredient in our content mix. Under 
the three-year extension, Starz will continue to have exclusive rights to distribute Disney films on all our platforms 
during the pay-TV window through 2015. 

On the Starz Media front, revenue for quarter increased to 144 million from 102 million in the same period last year, 
while OIBDA moved from a positive 5 million to a negative 7 million. These shifts were largely due to the timing of 
the theatrical and home video releases from Overture Films. We continue to examine strategic alternatives to the 
ownership structure of Overture Films and other Starz Media companies, and we will report to you when and if those 
bear fruit. 

Thanks, and back to you, Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Thanks, Chris. Let's take a quick look at Liberty Capital. During the quarter, Liberty Capital revenue increased 33% to 
$166 million, while adjusted OIBDA decreased by $11 million. 

The Liberty Capital Group has attributed cash and public investments of $8.2 billion and attributed debt of $2.4 billion. 
From January 30 through April 30, 2010, Liberty repurchased 2.2 million shares of LCAPA common stock at an 
average price of $40.18, for total cash consideration of $87 million. Cumulative repurchases since the reclassification 
of the tracker represent 28% of the shares outstanding. 

Now, with that said I'll turn the call back over to Greg for closing remarks. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Chris, and thank you, to Mike and Chris for updates on your respective businesses. 

As I think I noted earlier, we feel good about our Q1 results. All of our businesses, with a few minor challenges here 
and there, are performing well. The major priorities for the rest of the year as we look forward are, at Liberty 


Interactive, to maintain the strong operating performance at QVC and drive revenue at the e-commerce companies, to 
provide increased clarity and visibility around these good businesses by rationalizing our nonconsolidated assets 
efficiently and aiding the market's understanding of how strong the fundamentals are at QVC, compared to some of the 
peer companies' ability to carry both unmatched adjusted OIBDA margins, have very low capital intensity and high 
return on net assets, and to generate very strong cash flow conversion from its OIBDA. 

At Liberty Starz, we want to focus on operational execution and building cost-effective original programming that 
differentiate our channels for the benefit of our distribution partners and our consumers. You'll see us build excitement 
hopefully around – for the channel, around events like this summer's "Pillar of the Earth." And finally, we want to 
figure out effective ways to use our capital, both the cash we have on hand and the borrowing capacity that is at that 
business. 

And at Liberty Capital, we hope to identify effective uses for the large cash that we have, whether it be shrinking 
equity, as you saw us do this quarter; reducing debt, as we have done; or opportunistic investments in debt and equity 
of others. 

We are going to benefit from the continued growth at SIRIUS XM and Live Nation, and we will also continue to 
rationalize the non-core holdings that we have at Liberty Capital. 

We appreciate your continued interest in and support for Liberty Media. Stay tuned over the balance of the year. And 
with that, operator, we'll be happy to answer some questions 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking the question. One for Greg and one for Chris if I 
could. Greg, one of the rationales for the tracking stock structure was to both give the market clarity about the various 
assets, and at the same time, retain the flexibility to mix and match tax assets with gains. sort of in the background, just 
since everything remains within the Liberty Media corporate structure. Where are we in terms of those assets and the 
continuing need to have matching across various trackers for the tax assets? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think, James, as you've noted, that has 
been one of the benefits, has been improved tax posture. We have, as you noted, continued to reduce the number of 
non-core assets to realize on some of our investments, hopefully in an efficient manner. That process continues. We're 
part of the way through there. We've done substantially, by dollar value, much of the work, but there are still non-core 
assets in the trackers, in all three trackers, candidly, that we are going to realize on and we expect to realize on over the 
next several years and to refocus our capital and our efforts on our core holdings. So, by dollar value we're a long way 
down the road, but there are still several assets in there to be worked on. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Right. And Chris, for "Spartacus," do you have sort of any feedback on the level of viewership 
you saw via Netflix streaming? And how do you think about that apart from the Starz play, but for Starz original 
content, the degree to which Netflix is a marketing platform for the Starz network and the Starz channels versus 
cannibalizing potential subscribers in those channels? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: I don't have right now Netflix viewing on 
"Spartacus." I don't know if Bill Myers, who's in the room in Denver has any available. With regard to your question, 
Netflix is an interesting opportunity and challenge for Starz. Obviously, it's very important for us to manage those 
relationships across the board, with new distributors like Netflix, along with our traditional historical distributors. 

It certainly is a marketing opportunity, and we're looking at ways to be able to maximize the ability to increase the 
awareness and hopefully the subscribership of the Starz products while still being able to enhance our value to all of the 


distributors. So, it's an interesting and complicated relationship and one that we continue to explore how we can 
maximize the opportunities that it presents. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Bill, do you have any – I don't know if you 
have any viewership comments. 

<A - Bill Myers>: I don't at this point in time have any of the viewership data from Netflix. So, we can look at that. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Moving on, we'll go next to Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question. I guess two questions. First, on the interactive on 
QVC, I know you guys are normally reluctant to go too far into talking about current trends, but given that we just had 
a whole slate of retail comp reports yesterday and they were generally regarded as a bit disappointing, I was wondering 
if you might break with tradition and give us a little bit of a sense of what you've seen in April and how we should 
think about the retail trends at interactive, is my first question. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mike, I'll let you turn him down on that. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Thank you. I'll be honored to do so. Yeah, we 
don't obviously talk about in-quarter results. Personally my view is people got a little overexcited about the March 
numbers at retail, and maybe a little overly concerned about the April numbers. It was, to me, somewhat predictable 
between the Easter pull-in, which people understood, but also just the acceleration of sales you get in traditional brick 
and mortar when you have an early onslaught of warm weather, which tends to bring people into the stores for kind of 
immediate gratification of getting their warm-weather gear. 

So, we've maintained all along that we expect the economic recovery to be slow and bumpy and that we're going to win 
by gaining share and benefiting from the secular move to our kind of format, and that's still our view. Our view is the 
recovery is going to be slow and up and down, and we'll win through share gain. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. All right, well, I appreciate your elaboration on the denial. And if we can switch a little 
bit to Starz, can you provide us any update on where you are on talks with Comcast and with Time Warner, and also, 
tell us a little bit about how you're thinking you might handle some of the questions around season 2 for "Spartacus"? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: We are in continued discussions with Comcast 
and Time Warner, and – as we're in constant contact with all of our distributors, not just with regard to our contracts, 
but with regard to in-contract marketing opportunities. And we are actually doing good business with both those major 
distributors, and we expect to continue to do so. 

With regard to "Spartacus," we've got unofficial, hopeful news about Andy's recovery, and we're making plans right 
now to be able to continue with the franchise in innovative ways and keep the fans happy while we get him in shape to 
participate in a full second season. So, we think we have the situation relatively in hand given, obviously, the 
unexpected news of his health situation. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. And I know I said only two questions, but if I can slip in one other. This 
commerce hub transition, can you size that, either online or offline, what that meant in term of impact on the QVC 
versus e-commerce? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Commerce hub business is a small business, not 
material, but it's one that we believe has great prospects. And so we want to have it benefit from the Internet DNA and 
broaden – had a great parenting from QVC; we want to broaden it out. We think the opportunity to do so and align it 


more with the e-commerce companies makes more sense, but its results are not material today. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Want me to 


<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: In the ballpark – roughly $20 million of revenue, 
and 8 to 9 – 8 to 10 of EBITDA. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our next question today is from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks so much. John's not on the call; right? Greg, John's not on the call, right? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: John's in the room. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Sorry. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: John's on the call. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Sorry, I couldn't hear. So, just a couple questions. So, the first one for Greg or Chris 
Albrecht, could you offer any comment on whether investors should expect a pretty serious impact to EBITDA at Starz 
either late this year or next year as a result of ramping TV programming? I know you mentioned "Pillars" and 
"Camelot,", but I know you're also working on "Men of the Dusk" and "William the Conqueror," and "World Without 
End." I think, Chris, you've been pretty busy, and you hinted at cost efficiency, but can you give us a clearer 
understanding of the bottom line impact from ramping TV? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Well, I think we have said when we made our 
announcement last – when we sort of put the Liberty Starz tracker in place, and we – at the closing of the DIRECTV 
deal and we made our announcement about expected growth in the, I think it was 5 to 10% range, and we've done – we 
have no reason to – despite the economy and despite challenges out there and things like unexpected writedowns, we're 
still holding to that forecast today, to that range. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Right. And then, for Mike George, normally don't ask you a question, but can you talk – have 
you been seeing any impact in Europe the past few weeks from what's been happening over there, and do you see the 
potential for any major shift in European consumer spending? 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Again, I can't comment on our own results. It 
doesn't appear to me to have had a meaningful impact on the consumer yet, but I can't say that I'm a student of all the 
thing that are happening at retail. So, it's certainly an area we got to certainly watch out – I think for everyone – to see 
how it unfolds and the impact it could have on consumer confidence. But I can't say a lot more beyond that at this 
point. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Okay, thanks. And then lastly, for John, I'm fearful that I know what you'll say, but I was 
hoping, given your expertise, you'd give us your view on the likelihood of the FCC being successful reclassifying ISP 
services as Title II, and if they are, what you believe the impact will be broadly on the media telecom sectors? 

<A - John Malone>: Well, I really don't have a lot of insight on whether the FCC will succeed in imposing their 
authority. Clearly, the guidelines they've given for the future of set-top boxes is heavily influenced by Silicon Valley 
and the Internet group, I would say. How that will come out politically, you can take odds on. Obviously, the 
unbundling, if that's the direction it takes, of terrestrial broadband could be beneficial to companies like DIRECTV and 
EchoStar by giving them the opportunity to bundle with cable broadband. But that would really take – I'm not enough 
of a prophet to figure out where this is all going. It's too speculative, I think, for anybody to bet on at this point. 


<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question today comes from Doug Anmuth with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thanks for taking the question. A question for Mike. Can you talk about the softness in the 

U.K. And Germany that you saw in 1Q, and in particular, just providing a little more color there, especially around the 
jewelry dynamic in Germany? It sounds like you don't really think that that was a really macro impacted. But what else 
was playing into that? Thanks. 
<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: I think – candidly, I think the softness in both 
Germany and U.K. was to some degree self-inflected. So, the good news is I think we can get on it and get to better 
results. In Germany, it was somewhat isolated to our jewelry business. We had pretty strong performance across most 
categories. So, I think fundamentally, the German business is reasonably healthy. We've been working to fine-tune that 
business for a couple years now, as you know. So, I'm always cautious when I talk about it, because you need to see 
several quarters of sustained results to have high confidence. But I think we're generally on a good path in Germany. 

But we have concluded that we need to fundamentally change our jewelry business. And so we sort of decided to give 
ourselves high short-term pain for hopefully a good long-term gain. And we took the business totally off the air for a 
few weeks, and there's no way you can fill all that airtime at the same level of productivity. So, we had especially tough 
business in March, when we took jewelry off the air, that suppressed the overall quarter's results. And we've since 
relaunched that business, and it's early days in the relaunch, but it's looking better. I won't say it's perfect, but it's 
certainly – we're pleased with the early results. Some gains, some misses, but generally pleased with the jewelry 
relaunch. But, again, very early days to say much about it. 

So for us there's – in Germany it's about getting jewelry on a reasonable track – we don't need a lot of growth out of it, 
but we need to stabilize it, and that's what the relaunch was about. And then just continuing to focus on our other 
businesses that are successful and continue to build them. 

U.K. was a little bit different. It wasn't as focused in a single category, but I would say that fine jewelry in the U.K. and 
consumer electronics were both very difficult. U.K. is really the only market where we have as much – where our 
electronics business is challenged. The other markets it's fairly healthy, but it's a very competitive, price-driven market 
in the U.K. So, we haven't gotten exactly the right formula, although we think we will. But we're not quite there yet. So, 
in the U.K., we need to see a little bit better performance out of fine jewelry and electronics. And then just get the 
whole business moving at a better rate. 
And as I mentioned in my comments, the good news last year is that we worked really hard on getting our inventory 
very tight in the U.K. I think we were down over 30% in our inventory levels at year-end. So, we tightened things 
down, and candidly, maybe we overtightened them. And so I think we were left a little bit light in product in Q1, and 
once you realize that it takes a few months to respond to it. So, we started to see that issue early in January, but it does 
take a few months for us to be able to meaningfully impact inventory levels. But in hindsight, I think we oversteered a 
little bit in our caution to make sure we kept our inventories clean around the world, given the economic uncertainties. 

So some different challenges in each business. I think we'll get them on track. Again, I don't think we'll get a boost 
from the economy in either market, but I think we can right the issues that we saw in Q1, and get to a better level of 
performance. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Great. Thanks for the color there. If I could just ask a quick follow-up for Chris or Greg, just 
on the e-commerce business, the loss of the third-party revenue. Do you foresee any way of potentially making that 
revenue up, another advertising source or lead referral, or are you pretty much just focused on the user experience and 
will let that go at this point? 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think we will over time find ways to utilize the 
value of those third-party services to our customers and realize on some of that. But we have been sensitive about 
creating undue coercion or even negative reputational risk around that. As you may know, there were Senate hearings 
last month on these kind of services. We were certainly not in the group identified as violators, but we were worried 
about being tarred by the same brush, and we were worried about reputational risk, even though we went out of our 
way to do things like offer full refunds to anybody who complained or had an issue. It wasn't about the customer 
experience; it was about the reputational risk that caused us to back off it. 

It was something that had become a major source of – not necessarily high-quality revenue, because it had an upfront 
aspect versus a subscription that you're likely to correct. So, we collected our money on it, but we tried very hard to 
make sure it didn't hurt our customers in any way, shape, or form. But the reputational risk around it has caused us to 
pull back, and be very cautious. Will we be able to replace elements of it? I think we'll find, as I started out saying, 
we'll find ways to monetize the value of our customer base, but we're going to be very cautious in light of how some 
others have been viewed. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Okay. Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Anything further, sir? 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: That's it for my side. 

Operator 

Great, thanks. Our next question today is for Jason Bazinet with Citi. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thanks so much. Just building off of James' question earlier in the call, can you just give us a 
few concrete examples of what would prevent you from moving to hard spends on the various trackers? And then my 
second question is on the re-upping of the Disney output agreement at Starz. It wasn't quite clear from the press release 
that came out what happened with the digital rights. Can you elaborate on any of that? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure. Jason, I'll start by saying – and if you look 
our Annual Report, which just went out, we outlined this. We know that our tracking stock structure is probably not 
one that gives us the highest current value for our equity. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Yeah. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We think that is a somewhat transitory condition. 
It's unlikely that you'll have 100 years of being in a tracking stock structure. But that it has benefits, particularly for a 
company like ourselves, which has tax complexities and quite a lot of moving parts that need to be rationalized and 
focused. So, is there anything that would prevent us from doing a hard spin of those? I suspect we have enough ATBs, 
active trades or businesses, that if we set out as an absolute goal of getting a hard spin done in a hurry, we could 
probably do it in some reasonable timeframe. 

I'm not sure that is – would be optimizing on what we believe the long-term value of the corporation is, which is to 
focus those businesses over time in the best way. And to the degree that there's an interim discount to take advantage of 
that by purchasing stock, virtually all of our businesses are either cash positive or cash generators or underlevered, or 
some combination of the three, but that we can take advantage of that discount and realize on it. So, some of our 
shareholders – and we recognize different constituencies – may wish to see realization in a quarter or two. That may or 
may not happen. We're trying to look for long-term growth and capitalize on that benefit. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Understood. And with regard to 



<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's not a – it's not that there's anything wrong 
with trying to do it in a hurry; it's that we think we don't want to do that to the cost of long-term benefits. 

On the Disney deal, I would say in the main, the rights are largely the same as the rights we've had before. I don't know 
if you'd want to elaborate, Chris. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Yeah, just that we have digital rights during 
our window. So, I think that's consistent with what we've had historically. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No material changes. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to David Gober with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Gober>: Thanks for taking the question, guys. Just elaborating on the last comment about trying to take 
advantage of mispricings or discounts in the near term. I was just curious, Greg, on LINTA, looking at the capital 
structure of QVC and overall at the LINTA tracking stock, you've pushed out maturities quite a bit. The business seems 
to have stabilized considerably. I was just curious if you would reconsider starting to buy back stock there again? I 
know you've felt that you've been more successful with the LCAPA buybacks, but there was a time period where you 
were clearly pretty aggressive on LINTA as well. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think that's part of why we probably are 
cautious, because there was a time we were arguably too aggressive. With our tender – I think with $647 million and 

24.75 or something like that – we're still scarred and mangled with Colorado by it perhaps. But I think also if you look, 
we have done a bunch of things to stabilize the capital structure, put ourselves in a position to consider things like debt 
reduction, which we've done, and share repurchase. 
One of the things that we obviously went out of our way to do was to try and address the negative arbitrage on that debt 
that we have outstanding, the $400 million that we are tendering for out of the 800 million maturity in 2013. I would 
say once that's done – or as that's done, or even if it's not done – this capital structure is very solid. And the opportunity 
to do either more share repurchase, more just debt paydown, or acquisitions of attractive, synergistic, well-priced assets 
remains, and certainly, we have a big authorization, and we'll look hard at perhaps not a tender, but at a systemic share 
reduction. 

<Q - David Gober>: And so, just looking at the fundamental business at QVC, the one business that we didn't talk a 
ton about was QVC Japan, which clearly, that business has had its fits and starts over the last three or four years, but it 
seems to be performing extraordinarily well in the first quarter. Mike, I was just wondering if you could talk about 
what's driving – what drove the strength in 1Q, and whether or not you really see that as fundamentally sustainable, 
particularly given kind of the lumpiness that that business has had? 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Yeah, let me answer it in two ways. Over a long 
period of time, we continue to believe that Japan has the highest growth potential of all of our businesses. It's just it's 
fundamentally a very attractive market for what we do, and given that we are in less than half of all the households in 
terms of subscribers that can receive our signal, there's a lot of business to grow into. You'd also look at our spend as a 
percent of GDP and see that clearly, it has enormous upside on that metric as well. 

The fits and starts that's we've had over the last few years, to a large extent, have been fairly isolated and focused on 
some substantial changes in the regulatory environment that had impacted us substantially in 2007. And then some sort 
of secondary issues that impacted us over time. That, and obviously, the depth of the economic recession in Japan, 
which was the most severe of all markets we operate into. So, we've these two really strong headwinds, though we've 
always believed in the fundamental potential of this business and the long-term trajectory of this business. 


So I think in Q1, the team has done a fabulous job. I think the economic situation is not great, but they've been able to 
power through that. They have some businesses that are really working well for them that I mentioned in my 
comments. I think they've largely gotten past the regulatory challenges, and have found a way to fill in around those 
issues. So, I think the long-term future is bright. Do I think every quarter will be at this level? Not necessarily. I think 
this was a particularly strong quarter, but I do like our prospects for long-term growth in Japan. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. And if I could just sneak one quick one in on Starz. Chris, we kind of talked about a 
couple of different issues in separate contexts. And I was wondering if you could clarify maybe a little bit how 
interrelated they really are. In thinking about the Netflix deal and the relationship with your other distributors, just 
wondering how much – how upset do you think the other distributors are about the Netflix relationship? And is that 
something that's going to play significantly into whether or not Starz decides to reup on the Netflix deal when that 
comes up whenever it's set to expire? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: I think that the Netflix situation is one that is a 
great opportunity for Starz. And as I said, before, it's one that needs to be managed within the context of our 
relationships with our other distributors, and there's lots of different ways that we can do that. I fully expect that we'll 
be able to continue with a Netflix relationship, and continue to maintain successful and growing relationships with our 
traditional distribution partners. This is an opportunity, and every opportunity needs to be carefully examined, but we 
feel like we know a lot more about how to understand the needs and the differences in the distribution opportunities, 
and I think we'll be in good shape moving forward. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question today is from Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thanks for taking my question. A question for Mike on – what's happening on a 
skunkworks basis? I mean, you've seen what happened in the U.K. with Red Button and HSN Shop by Remote. With 
EBIT getting deployed, are you increasingly looking at some of the interactive opportunities for Q within that regard? 

And then my second question would be for Chris. When you look at your assets, I mean, is Anchor Bay potentially a 
little bit more strategic over time? I mean, even if you don't go to a full-blown HBO incarnation on original 
programming, there's clearly some upside there. I know you like to try to keep things integrated, and I'm sure you'll 
take an incremental approach to that. But if you really do get a hot hand on the programming side, what would be the 
bogey for percentage of revenues and percentage of cash flow that you might get on the ancillary side on video and all 
that over at Starz? I mean, it seems like that would be a somewhat material business if you're able to replicate some of 
the successes you've had in the past. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Well, I think you can look at them as two 
separate issues. I mean, certainly the DVD revenue has been historically an important ancillary stream on original 
programming coming off of premium, and the kinds of programs that we're looking to do on Starz will be ones that we 
hope will maximize ancillary revenue. Our series, miniseries, the kinds of things that we spoke about. So, to the extent 
that we can take advantage of controlling those rights and seeing the benefit of those revenue streams, we'll certainly 
look at that as an investment opportunity. 

With regard to Anchor Bay, which sits in Starz Media, we're looking at all of the possible opportunities for growing 
that business and seeing what's the proper resolution for the Starz Media asset. So, while Anchor Bay sits there, we'll 
look at that separately from what it may or may not do to Starz Entertainment and look at the opportunities for retaining 
rights and exploiting those off of our original programming as an issue unto itself. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: And without defaulting too much from HBO, can you give any approximation for how the 
curve could move on the percentage of the ancillary revenues on the overall top-line over a period of time if you get to 
some trigger points where you're gaining some attraction, as you've gotten with "Spartacus" on the original 


programming side? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Yeah, that would be really speculating, 
especially since we haven't even released the first season of "Spartacus" on DVD. So, I really couldn't speculate on that 
right now. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: That's fair. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Jeffrey Wlodarczak with Pivotal Research. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Good afternoon, guys. Two questions, one for Chris and then one for Dr. Malone. Chris, 
the turn in results at Starz in the first quarter, how much of that can you attribute to seasonality? And then sort of 
looking forward, how sustainable do you think those gains are? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: As I said, in the comments, I think we're 
seeing the economic turndown abating a bit, and hopefully that'll continue. So, that should have a positive impact, and 
we're looking forward to that. I think certainly the increase in original programming that we're planning will continue to 
give us marketing opportunities with our distributors, and we expect to see positive results from that. So, I think there is 
opportunity for Starz given the new strategies, and obviously, given the economic climate. So, we're feeling pretty good 
about growth opportunities and our ability to invest sensibly in order to achieve them. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: All right. Thanks. And then for John, I wanted to get your take on how this situation in 
Europe will resolve itself, at least from your point of view. I mean, obviously, it's important given Liberty's exposure to 
Europe. I just wanted to get your take on it, where you think it's going to end up. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sorry, John has left the building – not the building 
at least, but the room. So, we don't have – John's not available for that comment. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: I'll have to find out offline. It's hurting Liberty Global, so it would help to get his take on 
it. Maybe I can ask one for you, Greg. Is there any update on true position in the revenue recognition issue? Is there any 
way you can give us some visibility on how much EBITDA that business is generating sort of annually? And 
realistically, is that more than likely a sale candidate? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think courtesy of some changes in the 
accounting regulation, PCAOB's treatment, probably led by our friends at Apple, that bracket's going to look a lot 
better for us in the near term. How we take that revenue in, is it a restatement, is it a realization of one-time, how that 
exactly plays out, we'll know over the coming quarters. 

And the magnitude of that business, EBITDA business – it's a less than 50 million of EBITDA kind of business, but it 
gets recorded on a more traditional GAAP-like basis with shipment equaling rev rec. Where we go with that business, I 
don't think it's – not necessarily a core business for the long term for Liberty, just given what our portfolio looks like. 
It's a business that's performed very well – performing very well now, and it's a business that we think has lots of 
interesting opportunities, perhaps better served in the hands of another partner. Because, of course, as always, Liberty 
has a better attribute, it's an ATV, so that weighs on our mind as well. So, we weigh all those things, and we'll see how 
it goes. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Great. Thanks very much. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 


And that is all the time we have for our question and answer session today. Mr. Maffei? 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much for your interest in Liberty Media. And we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference. Thank you for attending, and have a 
good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


