Q4 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC 
• Bill Myers 
Other Participants 

• Barton Crockett 
• Richard Greenfield 
• Matthew Harrigan 
• James Ratcliffe 
• David Gober 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• Benjamin Mogil 
• Jaison Blair 
• Thomas Eagan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call 
is being recorded. This call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, 
future financial performance, new service and product launches, the anticipated split-off of the Liberty Capital and 
Liberty Starz Groups, and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation, possible changes in 
market acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, continued access to capital on 
terms acceptable to Liberty Media, and the satisfaction of the conditions to the proposed split-off. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to 
reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances, on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary notes and Schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, and thank you all of you for joining us today and for your continued interest in Liberty Media. Today, 
speaking on the call, we'll have our Controller, Chris Shean. We'll also have the QVC CEO, Mike George, and the 
Starz CEO, Chris Albrecht. Several other senior Liberty QVC and Starz executives are also on the call, and all of us 
will be available to answer your questions after the end of the prepared remarks. 

So looking at slide three, the fourth quarter and year-end highlights, we had a solid finish to a strong year with good 
operating performance by our management teams, despite a sometimes challenging environment. We had progress at 
the Liberty level, improving the clarity and completing several structural items, which we think move towards that 
goal. 

At Liberty Media, we filed our amended proxy for the split-off of Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz. We completed the 
change in attribution of our 3.125% exchangeable debentures from Liberty Capital to Liberty Interactive and including 
the stock that underlies those exchangeables, 21.8 million Time Warner shares, 5.5 million Time Warner Cable shares, 
and 2 million AOL shares, and $263.8 million of cash. 

We've set the shareholder vote for the completion of the split-off for April. We concluded our hearing in Delaware last 
week in the courts. I think we expect the court to render a decision in about six weeks. From our perspective, the trial 
seemed to go well, and we remain optimistic of obtaining a favorable outcome. 

Looking at some of the operating performance at Liberty Interactive, QVC had a solid quarter, and a solid year, with 
particular strength in our established international markets. Notably, QVC Japan exceeded $1 billion of revenue for 
2010. That's the first time that we've had a market outside of the United States reach that milestone. We were pleased 
with our overall results given the tough comps that we had from Q4 2009. 

I'd note that the Q4 results, as we've previously discussed, were impacted negatively by a new agreement with GE 
Money Bank for the QCard, and the launch costs in Italy. Also notably, QVC.com achieved a penetration rate in the 

U.S. in Q4 of 36%. That's the highest quarterly rate we've had in penetration to-date, and QVC.com's penetration for 
the month of December, which admittedly is typically a high month, exceeded 40%. 
I would also note we were particularly pleased with the growth and direction of our mobile business. Really, we've just 
entered that in the last 18 months. We've had several notable launches and great growth on the revenue side. 

QVC continues to reduce its leverage. We paid down $300 million of our credit facility during the quarter, and because 
our leverage ratio at the end of the year was 1.7x, and we have a condition in our indenture, which says if the leverage 
is below 2 times for two consecutive quarters, which has occurred, we now pay a lower interest rate on our bank credit 
facility. 

Also, with Liberty Interactive, our e-commerce companies posted 27% revenue growth in Q4 with adjusted OIBDA 
growth of 38%. This is significantly outpacing comScore's e-commerce growth metric, and the estimate for that for Q4 
was about 11%. So, we beat it handily. 

Looking at Liberty Starz, Starz Entertainment exceeded its 2010 revenue guidance and met adjusted OIBDA targets. 
We were very pleased with the audience response to the Spartacus prequel. We also announced the Season 2 will air in 
2012. The Spartacus prequel was the most watched premium program in the winter quarter, and we're very pleased 
with that. Not just at Starz, but of any premium. 

As you may have watched last night, King's Speech fared very well at the Oscars with a four-award grand slam. And 
through our partnership with the Weinsteins, this will be the first movie we release through our new, as I said, our new 
home video partnership and distribution agreement with the Weinsteins, and we're very pleased. Also notably, we 
ended the year with a record 18.2 million Starz subscribers, and 32.8 million Encore subscribers. 

Lastly, looking at Liberty Capital, SIRIUS XM, the largest element within Liberty Capital, posted very strong financial 
results, driven by excellent operating performance throughout the year. SIRIUS ended the year with over 20.2 million 
subs. ARPU was up 7%. Churn was down to 1.9%. The conversion rate was up to 46.2% versus 45.4% last year. 


Virtually every operating metric for a subscription business was improving. 

The SIRIUS stock was up to $1.77. It's actually, I think, up again this morning. That values our equity stake at $4.6 
billion, as of last Friday. Also notably in the quarter, we repurchased $185 million worth of LCAPA shares from 
October 30th to actually January 31st. We've also agreed – we've also purchased an additional 1.8 million shares of 
Live Nation, and contracted to purchase an additional 5.5 million shares of Live Nation, subject to approval of the Live 
Nation shareholders. With the conclusion of both purchases, our ownership in Live Nation will increase to 20.9%. 

So with those opening comments, let me turn it over to Chris Shean who is going to talk first about the LINTA 
financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive Group's revenue increased 6% in the fourth quarter, and increased 8% for the year, 
while adjusted OIBDA increased 1% for the quarter, and 6% for the year. QVC increased total revenue by 4% for the 
quarter, and 6% for the year, while adjusted OIBDA at QVC increased 1% and 7% for the quarter and year, 
respectively. 

Liberty Interactive's other e-commerce businesses grew 27% in revenue for the quarter, and 18% for the year. We note 
that overall revenue growth was partially offset by lower commission revenue earned when customers sign up for 
third-party online discount services. 

As we had mentioned in prior calls, during the first quarter of 2010, a decision was made to change the way these 
promotions are offered, and that decision resulted in reduced revenue earned from those services by $25 million for 
2010. Revenue earned from the commissions yield significantly higher margins than normal product sales, and 
therefore, the reduction of this revenue more negatively impacted adjusted OIBDA on a percentage basis. 

Furthermore, during the year, increased marketing expenditures helped grow revenue and new customer names, but 
negatively impacted adjusted OIBDA margins. Adjusted OIBDA grew 38% in the fourth quarter and decreased 8% for 
the year. Growth in the fourth quarter was due to product revenue growth and improved margins with less of a negative 
impact from the reduction in the commissions revenue. 

Now, let's take a quick look at Liberty Interactive's liquidity picture. At the end of the year, the group had attributed 
cash and public investments of $3.7 billion, and $5.9 billion of attributed debt. If you pro forma that for the change in 
the attribution of the exchangeable debt that we did in February, cash and public investments will increase by $1.4 
billion, and the face amount of debt will increase by $1.1 billion, as if they were valued at December 31, 2010. 

QVC's total debt to adjusted OIBDA ratio, as defined in QVC's credit agreement, was approximately 1.7 times, as 
compared to the maximum allowable leverage of 3.5 times. QVC's gross leverage is down significantly from its peak in 
2009. 

And with that, we'll hand the call over to Mike George to provide additional insights on QVC. 

Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thank you, Chris. In Q4, we successfully anniversaried the strong financial results from the prior fourth quarter, and 
we continued to make progress on our strategic goals to broaden the relevance and accessibility of our brand across 
platforms, with revenue from new customers up 18% worldwide in the quarter and global e-commerce revenues also up 
18%. 

Looking at the results by market, in the U.S. our 3% revenue growth in Q4, while down from the trend of the past four 
quarters, represents a 17% growth rate over the last two years, a result that puts us among the faster-growing large 
retailers in the U.S. We saw continued strong performance in our beauty, accessories, kitchen and cook, household and 
consumer electronics categories, partially offset by softness in jewelry. 


Net revenue was also affected by higher return rates, primarily in our electronics and accessories categories, and lower 
shipping and handling revenue due to a mix shift to higher ASP products. Revenues from new customers grew 19% in 
the quarter, on top of the 60% growth last Q4, as we continued to broaden the appeal and accessibility of our brand. 

Our U.S. e-commerce business grew 17%, well above the comScore sales growth of 11% for Internet retailers. 
QVC.com represented 36% of our sales, up from 31% last year. Over 50% of our revenue on QVC.com came from 
products not recently on air, and 64% of our new customers came through QVC.com, continuing to highlight the 
success of our e-commerce platform in both creating additional purchase occasions with existing customers and 
attracting new customers. 

Adjusted OIBDA declined 1% due to the impact of the previously disclosed change in the terms of our agreement with 
GE Money Bank, as well as challenging comparisons to the prior year when adjusted OIBDA increased 32%. 

Under the new contract, we share the economics from the credit card program with GE Money Bank. If the prior 
contract had been in place for the fourth quarter, our adjusted OIBDA would have been $9 million higher, or a 1% 
increase over the prior year. We expect to see a similar level of impact until we anniversary this change in August. 

Excluding the impact of the new GE Money Bank contract, operating margins declined 27 basis points, with 
favorability in freight and inventory obsolescence partially offsetting softness in initial margins driven by the continued 
growth in consumer electronics. Upon the termination of the prior contract with GE, a $501 million deposit with GE 
Money Bank was returned to QVC. These funds were used to lower interest cost by paying down a portion of QVC's 
bank facility. 

Now looking at the U.K., they had another strong quarter with revenues up 6% in local currency on strength in apparel, 
accessories, fashion jewelry, and beauty. Our e-commerce revenue grew 17%, and revenue from new customers grew 
29%. That's one of the strongest new customer performances in several years. Adjusted OIBDA increased 16% in local 
currency, driven by warehouse and freight efficiencies and fixed cost leverage. 

Our German business delivered an outstanding quarter, with total revenue growth of 9% and e-commerce revenue 
growth of 22% in local currency. We saw balanced growth across our home, beauty, apparel, and accessories 
businesses. Adjusted OIBDA increased 18% in local currency, driven in part by strong improvements in initial product 
margins, as we successfully shifted the mix from consumer electronics to the fashion categories. 

Our Japan business continued to post strong results, with revenue up 7%, and adjusted OIBDA up 12% in local 
currency. Our beauty, apparel, and accessories categories were especially strong, and e-commerce revenues increased 
20%. And for the full year, as Greg noted, our Japan business exceeded $1 billion in revenue, our first market outside 
the U.S. to achieve that milestone. 

And looking at Italy, in our first quarter of operations, we achieved net revenue of €1 million and adjusted OIBDA loss 
of €10 million. For the full year, we incurred an adjusted OIBDA lost of €24 million, or $32 million. That's on the low 
end of our guidance of a $30 million to $40 million loss. 

As I mentioned on the last earnings call, our initial sales were softer than we anticipated, due in part to the challenges 
associated with launching the channel in the midst of Italy's transition from an analog to a digital environment. 

Nonetheless, we remain very confident about the potential of the market. We see several encouraging signs in our first 
few months of operation, including strong week-over-week sales increases, 96% customer satisfaction rates, a level of 
repeat customer purchasing that already rivals or exceeds that of our established markets, and one of the lowest return 
rates of any country. 

So we can see that the Italian consumer is responding favorably to our format, which is unique in the market. We 
expect sales to continue ramping strongly, as more viewers discover our channel, and as we continue to adjust the 
product and programming mix to the needs of the market. 


Now, looking at the full year, we're very pleased with our progress broadening the relevance and accessibility of our 
brand across both countries and platforms and driving strong financial results despite the continued economic 
uncertainty. 

For the year, we grew revenue 6% and adjusted OIBDA 10% in constant currency, excluding the one-time impacts of 
the Italy launch, and the new GE Money Bank contract. And we had one of the most balanced results across markets 
that we've seen in many years, with each market growing revenue in local currency between 5% and 10%, each market 
increasing their adjusted OIBDA margins, and each market growing adjusted OIBDA from 5% to 15%. 

E-commerce growth worldwide increased 20% to $2.2 billion, making QVC one of the largest and fastest growing 
general merchandise retailers on the Internet, and every market contributed to the strong e-commerce growth. The 
count of new customers increased 8% worldwide, with strong customer count growth in every market. And our revenue 
from new customers increased 11%. Our active customer base in the year was over 11 million globally, including 3 
million new customers worldwide. 

We continued to expand our platforms, launching multiple new smartphone and iPad applications in the U.S., second 
broadcast channels in the U.K. and Germany and broadcast simulcasts on ITV in the U.K. And BSNTV, a leading 
satellite channel in Japan. And we are now in the process of rolling out iPhone applications in every established market, 
as well as testing several interactive or Internet TV features, and we have close to 40 million homes in the U.S. with 
access to a second channel placement in the HD tier. 

We continue to enhance our product lineup with several prestige brand launches in the year. In fashion, we added Liz 
Claiborne New York, K-Dash by the Kardashians, Mod by [inaudible] and expanded our Isaac Mizrahi and Rachel Zoe 
brands. In Cook, we added Chefs Gordon Ramsay, Lidia Bastianich, and David Burke, joining Rachael Ray, Paula 
Deen, and others. Our strong beauty lineup expanded with the additions of Josie Maran, Bliss Spa, Fresh Beauty, and 
Neutrogena Skin Care, among many others. And we added Dyson vacuums and Vitamix blenders to our housewares 
and kitchen mix. 

We engaged our viewers with several high-profile events, including our pop-up store in Rockefeller Center for 
Fashion's Night Out, and remotes from the Academy Awards, the Aspen Food and Wine Festival, and the 
Smithsonian's National Gem Gallery, among many others. We established or broadened partnerships with several 
leading media outlets, including Vogue, InStyle, and Food & Wine. 

We successfully launched our business in Italy, our first new market in nearly 10 years, and we continue to actively 
explore several other markets for potential expansion. And we continued our multi-year program to remake our global 
technology infrastructure, to better support our growth goals across platforms and countries, personalize the shopping 
experience, and extend our competitive advantage. 

In 2010, we launched new warehouse management systems in two of our distribution centers, and began rolling out 
new digital workflow and media asset management systems. And this month, we began a phased roll-out of our new 
WebSphere e-commerce platform. 

For the full year, our capital expenditures were $220 million, including investments in our technology platform, the 
launch of Italy, and shifting jewelry to our South Carolina distribution center. We anticipate our capital expenditures 
for 2011 will be in the range of $280 million to $300 million, including continued investments associated with our 
technology program, a 1-million-square-foot expansion of our North Carolina distribution center to handle our growing 
hard goods volumes in the U.S., and new headquarters facilities in the U.K. and in Japan. 

With that, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Mike. Let's take a look at Liberty Starz. With the attribution of Starz Media to Liberty Starz, the results for 
Liberty Starz going forward, will primarily represent the results of Starz, LLC. Starz, LLC is managed based on the 


business units of the Starz channels, which is the legacy Starz Entertainment business and – as well as home video, 
television, digital media, and theatrical businesses, which is the legacy Starz Media business. 

Liberty Starz' attributed revenue grew 33% in the fourth quarter and 11% for the year, while adjusted OIBDA increased 
43% in the quarter, and 7% for the year. Excluding Starz Media and corporate and other, revenue for the legacy Starz 
business increased 5% from 2009 to $1.2 billion, and adjusted OIBDA increased to $407 million, up 6% for the year. 

At quarter-end, Liberty Starz had attributed cash and public holdings of $1.1 billion, and attributed debt of $105 
million. These cash and debt figures are post the change of attribution of Starz Media to Liberty Starz, as well as a net 
settlement of $150 million paid to the Starz founder and former CEO, the final settlement of his SAR agreement. 

Now I'll have Chris Albrecht comment on – more specifically on events at Starz. 

Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC 

Thanks, Chris. Good morning. Starz completed a strong 2010 that saw Starz Entertainment, a premium TV business, 
achieve historical highs in revenue, OIBDA, and year-end subscribers to the flagship Starz and Encore channels. 
Having completed my first year at the company, I'm pleased to note the continued positive momentum our businesses 
are achieving heading into 2011. 

Starz enjoys a robust share of exclusive first-run movie programming, and with the increased visibility of our Starz 
Original series, we're positioned favorably in the overall competitive marketplace. 

We continue to look at the online video distribution market for opportunities to distribute our programming, while 
remaining mindful of historical relationships with our traditional distribution affiliates. We'll approach new 
opportunities creatively, yet prudently, with an eye toward seeking agreements that specifically price and package our 
content in ways on par with that of our traditional distributors. 

Shifting to specific business performance and discussion, beginning in the fourth quarter 2010, Starz Media became 
attributed to the Liberty Starz tracking stock group. As a result, Starz Entertainment and Starz Media businesses are 
now more closely aligned. Specifically linking the two companies provides us a cleaner operating and financial 
structure. 

Unless otherwise specified, the 2010 financial performance metrics I'll share are for Starz, LLC, and contain Starz 
Entertainment results for the full year and Starz Media results for the three months ended December 31, 2010. Those 
used for comparison to 2009 are only that of Starz Entertainment. 

The Starz 2010 financial and operating performance showed growth across the board. With respect to our two flagship 
services, Starz ended the year at 18.2 million subs, and Encore at 32.8 million subscribers, which are both all-time 
highs. Revenue from Starz, LLC increased in comparison to 2009 by 11%, to $1.3 billion, primarily due to the fourth 
quarter addition of the Starz Media businesses. 

Starz Entertainment's 2010 revenue increased 5% to $1.2 billion for the year, largely due to the increases in the average 
number of subscribers to our channels, associated increases in subscription rates, and ancillary revenue from our 
Original programming, driven substantially by Spartacus Blood and Sand, the international television syndication in 
North America in home video sales. 

Starz, LLC's OIBDA grew by 8% to $415 million. Starz Entertainment's OIBDA rose 6% to a total of $407 million. 
The increase in OIBDA is due to increases in the average number of subscriptions to our channels, associated increases 
in subscription rates, ancillary revenue from our Original programming, partially offset by higher programming 
expenses related to increased airing of original programming in 2010, and the addition of Starz Media businesses in the 
fourth quarter. 

Starz, LLC's operating and SG&A expenses increased in 2010 by $105 million to $914 million, an increase of 13%, of 
which $74 million was specific to the reattribution of Starz Media. The majority of the remaining increase of $31 


million was attributable to higher programming expenses related to increased areas of original programming in 2010. 
We believe that subject to inherent risks associated in forecasting theatrical output content, our total programming 
expenses should rise by modest amounts for the foreseeable future. 

Our expanded investment in original programming is important on many levels, including driving new subscriber 
growth, decreasing churn levels, increasing Starz brand awareness, creating a hedge against changes in the economics 
and consumption patterns of movie programming, and raising the profile of our entire suite of premium channels and 
services. We continue to make progress in evaluating potential alternative financing models to assist in our acceleration 
into Originals. While dialogue with potential partners continues in earnest, the process is ongoing, and could take 
several months before conclusion. Our goal is to expand Starz Originals over the next few years in order to deliver 50 
to 60 hours of new content annually. 

Regarding relationships with the distributors, we recently extended our affiliation deal with AT&T U-verse. This 
agreement includes rights to our suite of authenticated online services, Starz Online, Encore Online, and MoviePlex 
Online. 

We look forward to capitalizing on ongoing discussions with other multi-channel affiliates on the TV Everywhere 
initiative in 2011, and extending the distribution of our movies and original programming across all platforms. 

Now let's take a little finer, closer look at our 2011 original programming efforts; our first as a year-round original 
programming service. The Spartacus franchise continues to be a true success story for the company. Spartacus returned 
in January with the Spartacus: Gods of the Arena prequel. The series' performance picked up right where Spartacus: 
Blood and Sand left off in terms of buzz and viewership. 

It averaged 3.3 million viewers per episode on the flagship Starz channel for the first half of the six-episode prequel. 
This original series was a true success story for Starz, receiving more viewers per episode on average than any other 
series on premium television this winter. 

In the digital space, the series was also a success in the social media arena, as we registered our millionth fan for the 
show on Facebook earlier this month. The Spartacus: Gods of the Arena Facebook social media game, announced in 
early January, is also performing well, with approximately 870,000 registered users. Spartacus: Blood and Sand, season 
one, had a very strong debut on DVD and Blu-ray in both hard good and electronic formats. The title was one of the 
most successful DVD season one TV launches since 2008, trailing only True Blood and Glee in its first 10 weeks. 
Spartacus: Gods of the Arena will arrive later this year on DVD, Blu-ray and in digital retail. 

As to the future of the franchise, we were delighted to introduce Liam McIntyre as the new title character. Production 
will get under way this spring and we expect the second season of Spartacus to return to Starz next year. 

Now to Starz's next Original series, Camelot, this is a modern day reimagining of the Arthurian mythology. The new 
series debuts on Starz April 1st with a special two-hour block. It stars Joseph Fiennes, Eva Green, Jamie Campbell 
Bower. And Starz retains all U.S. pay-TV rights, including digital and home entertainment for the 10 episodes. 

Torchwood will follow this summer. It's entitled Torchwood: Miracle Day; it's a 10 episode Original series, which is 
the next chapter and a new starting point for the hit BBC science fiction franchise. Starz owns the exclusive U.S. 
pay-TV rights for Torchwood. The Original series Boss will round out our 2011 original programming schedule. It's 
going to air in the fourth quarter. Boss was a much sought-after media property that we're fortunate to have secured for 
our Originals slate, stars Kelsey Grammer. It's a political drama focused on the Machiavellian politics of Chicago, and 
the vaunted political machine. And for that one, we also own the exclusive U.S. pay-TV rights. 

We also made news in December on a future project entitled Magic City. And, although this won't air until 2012, we're 
committed to 10 episodes of a first season. Magic City is set in the heart of Miami at the close of the 1950s. It's a sexy, 
exciting drama; it's character-rich, and reflective of the times and locale. 

Now over at Starz Media, in early January, we entered into a multi-year, multi-platform distribution agreement with 
The Weinstein Company for up to 20 titles per year. This comprehensive home video and digital entertainment deal 
leverages the distribution and sales infrastructure of Anchor Bay and covers DVD, Blu-ray, and electronic digital 


distribution, but does not include television rights. 

As Greg mentioned, the critically acclaimed Oscar Award-winning film The King's Speech will be the first title 
distributed through the agreement. We were also pleased with the separate transaction selling a 25% stake in Starz 
Media to The Weinstein Company. 

As for our animation businesses, the previously-announced agreement to sell Film Roman did not close, and we're 
exploring other expression of interests in our animation businesses. Of course, we'll update you with our progress on 
the next call. 

And with that, I'll turn it back over to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Chris. Turning to Liberty Capital. Liberty Capital group's revenue decreased 41% to $91 million in the fourth 
quarter, and increased 9% to $708 million for the year. Adjusted OIBDA loss decreased $76 million for the fourth 
quarter and $98 million for the year. 

Liberty Capital group had attributed cash and public investments of $9.1 billion and attributed debt of $1.9 billion. Pro 
forma for the change in attribution of the exchangeable debt, in February, cash and public investments will decrease by 
$1.4 billion, and the face amount of debt will decrease by $1.1 billion as they were valued at December 31, 2010. 

From October 30, 2010, through January 31, 2011, Liberty repurchased 3 million shares of LCAPA common stock at 
an average price of $60.76 per share, for total cash consideration of $185.1 million. Cumulative repurchases since 
reclassification of the tracker represent 39% of the original shares outstanding. 

I want to point out that our Form 10-K will be filed later today and, as you will see in that 10-K, Liberty Capital 
recorded an income tax benefit in the fourth quarter, a rather large one. This was due to the settlement that we had 
mentioned with the IRS in last quarter's call, as well as the following transaction. 

In 2005, we acquired all of the equity in two corporations in tax-free reorganizations. For tax purposes, our outside tax 
basis in the shares of these corporations was approximately $1.3 billion. We were required to recognize as a deferred 
tax asset only the tax basis of the assets held by the two corporations, which is known as inside tax basis, and this was a 
significantly lower amount than the outside tax basis. 

In December 2010, we sold all of the stock of these two corporations and realized a capital loss, which is now sitting as 
a capital loss carry-forward of approximately $1.3 billion. For financial statement purposes, this resulted in the 
recognition of this federal income tax benefit of $462 million. But such amount is based on the difference between the 
outside tax basis realized, and the inside tax basis, which was recorded historically. 

I should point out that our 2010 income tax return positions are being reviewed by the IRS. And, although we believe 
these positions that we intend to take are appropriate, there is no assurance that we will prevail if the IRS and we were 
to dispute these positions. 

With that said, I'll turn the call back over to Greg for some concluding remarks. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Chris, and thank you, Mike and Chris, for your respective updates. I believe that our businesses are continuing 
to perform well and to post strong results in despite what is still a challenging and uncertain environment for the 
consumer, particularly here in the United States. 

Our priorities for the balance of 2011 include at the corporate level, continuing to make progress on the split-off 
between Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz. We've – we're seeking a private letter ruling. We're out with a proxy. The 


trial is moving forward. On all fronts, we believe, we're progressing towards the goal we sought. 

At Liberty Interactive, I think you saw QVC continues to exploit growth opportunities, both in new markets and on 
new platforms, and that's the focus for the balance of the year. We're continuing to grow our e-commerce businesses 
with strong organic growth, and we continue to look for new opportunities to build those businesses with acquisitions 
or investments. 

We'll continue to focus on rationalizing our non-core investments in Liberty Interactive, and we'll look for ways to 
invest what I believe will be the large amount of liquidity that Liberty Interactive will be generating over the next two 
and three years. 

At Liberty Starz, you've heard a lot about our original programming efforts. We believe that finding ways to 
cost-effectively develop compelling, original programming is critical to differentiating and strengthening Starz, and 
we're on our way. We're looking to build and enhance our existing relationships with existing and new distributors, and 
we will evaluate opportunities for cash and balance sheet management at Liberty Starz as well. 

And lastly, at Liberty Capital, first and foremost, we have much excess capital and liquidity to invest, thinking of ways 
to deploy out of our non-core investments, reinvest smartly that cash, that liquidity is job one. And as I mentioned, we 
still have non-core investments which we need to rationalize efficiently. 

We appreciate your continued interest in Liberty Media and you support. Stay tuned and thank you for listening. And 
operator, let's turn it over to some calls – some questions, please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] Your first question will come from Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking the question. The first thing I was interested in asking 
about was the sub growth at Starz, which was remarkable, adding so many subs, really I think the most subs since the 
third quarter of 2007. 

I was wondering if you could talk about what was behind that, and the sustainability of it. I mean, is this something that 
is attributable to excitement around Originals and successful renewals, or is it just kind of a lumpy phenomenon that 
doesn't really continue into the first quarter in particular? 

And then, secondly, do you get revenue leverage on this, or are these really subs coming through flat-rate deals? So if 
you could address that, that'd be helpful. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Barton. I'll let Chris Albrecht handle that. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC>: Yeah. We are optimistic about 
continued growth, because we believe that this growth just sort of demonstrates what we've been talking about, which 
we think that there is, for Starz, a real opportunity in the existing premium television universe. 

And we have been able to work with our distributors to market our products, I think, more effectively and more 
consistently. And I think we have – and in part that's because we have a good story to tell, not just with our theatricals, 
but obviously with our emerging Originals. 

Obviously, we are managing our expenses into this original programming expansion. And so, certainly, the increased 
revenue does help our ability to create leverage room for Starz. This isn't attributable to any one thing. This is just 
really good business on the part of the Starz sales team, and their corresponding teams at our distributors. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. And part of my question, though, was the visibility into the first quarter. Is this 
continuing – the sub growth? 


<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC>: Bill? Bill Myers is there, and would 
have any information. They don't report – I think it's probably too early to have any new information. But if we do, Bill 
Myers would be the one who has seen whatever emails. 

<A - Bill Myers>: Yeah, Chris, I agree with you. It's too early at this point in time. I guess the one thing I would say is 
that if you look at the Starz growth over the last 12 months, it's about 50/50 between a fixed rate deal, and what we're 
seeing in consignment, because we're having continued strong growth with our telco partners. 

And if you look at Encore, it's probably more like 65% is really on the consignment side, as we're starting to see some 
of our consignment affiliates really use the Encore product because it is a terrific product. But it's too early for us to tell 
what's going on in the first quarter. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, Barton, to summarize, we got – I think 
original programming is a help. The structure of our contracts has driven some of the sub growth, but there is true 
organic real sub growth as well. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. That's great. I'm going to leave it there and let others queue up. Thank you. 

Operator 

From BTIG, we'll hear from Richard Greenfield. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Hi. Thanks. I just wanted to follow up on Barton's question, and then I have one other. 
There's been fear over the past year that Comcast and some of your other distributors were upset, or didn't like the fact 
that Starz content appeared on Netflix. But with Starz and Encore subs growing so nicely, is that investor concern 
simply misplaced? 

And then, two, you've got – including marketable securities, I think, we tally around $1.3 billion actually of net cash 
and securities on your balance sheet now for Starz. Given the sub growth, the EBITDA growth, when should we expect 
you to make a decision on using some of that cash either to return to shareholders or simply to do something with it 
versus just sitting there? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, on the first point, I think, we've – this is Greg. 
We've discussed in the past that the entrant of over-the-top competitors, Netflix being the most visible, has caused 
friction with our existing distributors, the way that new entrants often do. And it's incumbent upon us to try and work 
with the existing distributors, and the new entrants. I give credit to the Starz team for having improved the general tone 
of those relationships and set the right direction that we want to be a good partner because it's in our interest to be a 
good partner. Most of our product is on consignment and we need those cable partners, those telco partners, those 
satellite partners to drive our business and make both of us money. 

So we're very conscious of that. We're working through that and I think you're seeing some of the good result. Does 
that mean that all the friction is gone? No, but it's something we're trying to manage and be thoughtful about. I'll let 
Chris comment and add anything on that, and then I'll come back and talk about the cash. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC>: Yes, I mean, we realize that the original 
Netflix deal was controversial. Certainly has attracted a lot of attention, as has been widely reported. We're having an 
opportunity to look at that deal going forward, in these next months, and we maintain that what we need to work on is a 
product-price parity for the different Starz, Encore and MoviePlex products, and that's the focus that we have. I don't 
think that our numbers show anything other than this is a strong category. These are strong brands and we look for 
improved performance and growth in all of these sectors. 


<Q - Richard Greenfield>: But there's nothing that seems to show that Netflix is hurting Starz, is there, from a 
subscriber standpoint? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Our belief is that the vast majority of the people 
who are subscribing to Starz and subscribing to Netflix are not in competition; it's either additive or it's a different 
segment. Now, we're not trying to tell the cable guys or the telcos or the satellite guys we know their business better 
than they do, but that's our perception. Whatever we think, though, is not as important as what our partners think. And 
we need to work with them to make sure that we're minimizing as much as possible the natural channel conflict that 
exists, and that's our goal. And I think we've had some success with that. Not perfect, but some good success in 2010 
and hopefully more in 2011. 

Now, turning to the cash question, you know, Rich, we're just inherently a very conservative company. We don't like 
leverage much. And we're just hoarding that cash for the day when – who knows what happens. Now, I think I've said 
before, that was firmly tongue-in-cheek, that we are thoughtful about what opportunities exist in the marketplace. We're 
thoughtful about where the business is and we're going to make a decision as when we're ready about what to do with 
the liquidity at Liberty Starz. And we are mindful of the fact that we have quite a lot of liquidity there as I noted. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No dates today, sorry. 

<Q - Richard Greenfield>: Okay. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. First of all, Q's really in a unique 
position relative to the other cable networks. You know, more or less world turned upside down on over the top, since 
you're actually paying your cable and satellite partners a percentage of your sales. 

Is there any benefit over time from all the new distribution conduits you're getting as far as that goes? And you can you 
just talk about it in a broad context? And then also, you said that new customer activity at Q was up about 18% on a 
global basis, which is a pretty resounding number. Is it really just the halo you're getting from all the new apps that are 
out there? Or what specifically is driving that? Because that's a pretty nice step function improvement. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mike, do you want to handle that? 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Yeah. On the first question about over-the-top 
and new forms of distribution, and whether that benefits Q, I think over time, it does. Clearly, our traditional cable and 
satellite and now telco partners are critical to us and we continue to have very good relationships with them and, to 
your point, it's certainly financially attractive relationships for them as well. 

But as we add more and more nodes of distribution, I think it just gives us more flexibility to kind of go to wherever the 
customer is. So, we don't – the nice thing about our model is we don't have a stake in this fight in terms of what form of 
distribution wins. We just want to be wherever the distribution is. And some forms of distribution are more directed to 
the customer and, therefore, less costly for us. 

But our goal is to be on every relevant platform, and wherever the customer's looking for video. And as long as we can 
sell the product through that platform, we benefit. And certainly, the growth of – the rapid growth from a standing start 
of platforms like tablets, which are a more attractive viewing option for longer sales, longer sells, I think all that will 
really benefit us over time. So, we think we're in kind of a sweet spot as relates to this transformation of the distribution 
environment. 


In terms of what drove the 18% growth in new customers, we are now on about probably a six, eight quarter-run of 
really healthy new customer growth, and I think it continues to be a combination of factors. Part of it is just what 
products and categories we're offering. 

As we move to more and more leading brands and categories like consumer electronics and beauty, those – or 
well-known personalities in the fashion arena, those brands and personalities bring customers with them. A 
recognizable brand in electronics or a recognizable personality with the big fan following, those things matter to us. 
And it's very powerful when some of the personalities we've added to the channel can reach out to their fan base 
through Twitter and Facebook, and expose more people to QVC. 

So it's the mix of products, it's more new name-friendly products, it's the power of brands and personalities to drive 
traffic. And I'd also point to, I think, a better job that the team is doing with online marketing. Our online marketing 
team has really kind of risen to the challenge of trying to find creative and ROI attractive ways. We've always been 
conservative in online marketing, because the ROIs haven't always been great. But I would say we're getting better at 
that and seeing better results. 

And finally, I would just point to sort of a general increase in the brand halo, positive PR around the brand. I think the 
brand is just more credible, and some of that historic stigma associated with our format, I think in the last couple years 
we have really seen that diminish quite rapidly with the things we've done to elevate our product offerings. 

So long answer to say I think all of those factors ultimately contribute to the expanded reach. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thanks for your time. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Great. Next question. 

Operator 

That will come from James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking the question. Two on Starz, if I could. First of all, on 
Starz Media, it looks like it actually generated positive EBITDA in the quarter, and I'm wondering is that a trend that 
we'll see going forward? Is this now a profitable entity or is there some one-time stuff going on there because that 
certainly hasn't been apparent in the past? 

And secondly, Chris if you could talk about for original content, I know you've got an array of deals on the table that 
you're working on, but broadly, what sort of rights do you see as you need to have versus ones that you would take on, 
such as DVD, and the like, should it make sense. Other than U.S. pay-TV rights are there others that you absolutely 
need to have in any sort of collaborative deal? Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC>: Thanks for the question. With regard to 
the first one, we spent a lot of time and effort this year rationalizing the Starz Media businesses, decided to get out of 
the Overture theatrical film business and we looked at Anchor Bay as a real strategic asset that, if reattributed to Starz, 
we could have that as a growing business, even though, as I said before, maybe the overall sector on the hard goods 
side isn't necessarily growing, we look at that as a positive growth business for our company. So, I would think that 
with the Weinstein deal, with the growth of Originals, certainly the good performance of Spartacus, which we hope to 
continue, that Starz Media should be a positive story for us for the foreseeable future. 

Bill? 

<A - Bill Myers>: I totally agree with Chris on the direction. We rearchitected that business. And I give credit to the 
Starz team for doing that. Q4 was somewhat of a positive anomaly, just because of the timing of events of how 
expenses were recognized in 2010, and how revenue came in in Q4. So, I don't think you should necessarily extrapolate 
Q4 as all the good for the future. I agree entirely that we rearchitected the business, and I give credit to the Starz 
management team for that. 


With regards to the rights that we are looking to retain, certainly U.S. pay-TV rates are imperative. But as a follow-on 
to what we just talked about, certainly retaining the – at least the North American DVD rights seems to be a good 
strategy for us. Those are rights that we think that we can monetize on their own. But also go to help continue to 
strengthen the overall Anchor Bay business, which as I said, is not just a strategic asset for us, but one that we hope will 
be a positive story. And Anchor Bay also supplies the Starz channels with many films through the Anchor Bay Films 
division, which go to help us meet our quotients for theatrical films with our cable and satellite and telco affiliates. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

From Morgan Stanley, we'll hear from David Gober. 

<Q - David Gober>: Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking the question. A couple for Greg, if I could. On the LINTA side, 
you noted the strong liquidity and cash flow that you guys have at that business. And I was just wondering how you 
think about optimal leverage longer term, given the cost of capital these days? And also, any sense of when you would 
consider starting buybacks up again, and any blackout periods you might have, if you do get – assuming that you go 
forward with the spin of LCAPA and Liberty Starz? 

And then on the SIRIUS side, as we approach the second anniversary of that deal, just wondering if you could kind of 
walk us through what changes in your flexibility there and any sense of, if it would make sense to potentially collar a 
portion of that stake, or take up the overall size of that position? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. First, on the LINTA point, LINTA had, 
like many businesses, a challenging financial picture on the liquidity side right after the Lehman bankruptcy. And at 
that time, our net leverage in LINTA was $9.6 billion. Today, while EBITDA is up something like $100 million on an 
annual basis, compared to 2008, the net leverage is down to $4.4 billion. So, we have significantly delevered this 
business. And we now have a very conservatively financed company in my judgment. 

I think we will wait and see how our split-off transpires before we make any decisions about how liquidity is utilized, 
and what we want to do, but I agree that there's a lot of liquidity and a lot of strength in the operations and balance 
sheet at Liberty Interactive. How we'll utilize that, whether it's incremental investments, more debt paydown, more 
opportunistic debt issuance and retirement or share repurchase, we'll weigh all those possibilities as the split-off 
progresses. 

On the SIRIUS side, just to review, we can buy our way up to 49.9% just under 50% today. At the end of next month, 
there's a change in the terms, and we can make an offer for all the company's stock. We must make it for all the 
company's stock and go over 50% in an offer for all, and in March of '12, we could bypass the 50%. So, those are all 
opportunities that exist. We fundamentally like the direction of the business. We fundamentally have confidence in the 
business. So, we're probably not looking to collar our exposure, and I think as a practical matter, despite contract 
limitations, when you have a 40% stake in a company like that it would be very difficult to collar a meaningful 
percentage of our equity in any case. But we remain optimistic on the direction of SIRIUS, and the options we're 
looking at largely involve us being supportive of SIRIUS, and being believers in SIRIUS, probably not collaring our 
stake. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 


<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks so much. Couple of questions. First for Greg or Chris, I guess I shouldn't be surprised 
at the tax NOL you were able to create. But any other potential tax benefits embedded within the company that are not 
readily apparent to investors? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I'll just say we are – obviously, have a need 
to comply with disclosure regulations regarding our tax positions, and so anything that we are obligated to disclose, we 
do disclose. We, as a company, work to maximize the value, after-tax value to our shareholders and much of that 
involves trying to be thoughtful about our tax planning positions, but we have obviously disclosed anything that we 
need to disclose. Chris, do you want to add anything to that? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller>: No, that's a fair statement. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: If you look at the benefit that was created, is that something where you're going to get a 
refund on the 2010 tax filing that we should expect cash coming in the door for that soon, or is this add o- to an NOL 
balance that carries forward as other events take place? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's more the latter, Doug. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Okay. And then on the Starz side, for the other Chris, you said you had an opportunity to 
look at the Netflix deal these next few months, I think, was the quote. Netflix indicated the current deal expires in the 
middle of first quarter 2012. Do you think the discussions you're having with Netflix have enough momentum for an 
early renewal to take place? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC>: I really can't comment on the timing of 
the discussions. Just to reiterate what we've said, and what Reed has said, the deal expires first quarter 2012. And it's an 
important deal for us, an important relationship, and we are in constant thought and discussion, although it is complex. 
And we'll certainly [Laughter] let you guys be the first to know when we have anything concrete to tell you. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Just for fun, I'll ask it another way. Are you optimistic they'll embrace the style of deal that 
you need to do? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Look – this is Greg – the reality is, we think 
there's a great opportunity to work with Netflix and potentially other over-the-top distributors, but it can only be on 
terms that work for Liberty and for Starz in terms of our existing content relationships, and our existing distributor 
relationships. That's the only way it's going to happen. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Fair enough. Thank you. 

Operator 

And next we'll go to Ben Mogil with Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Benjamin Mogil>: Hi. Good afternoon. I think actually most of my questions have been asked and answered 
already, so thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. We like that. [Laughter] 

Operator 

Moving on we'll hear from Jaison Blair from Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Jaison Blair>: Hi. Can you hear me? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 


<Q - Jaison Blair>: Terrific. So, how should we think about scenarios for potential reattribution across your 
companies, if you don't get a favorable ruling on the Delaware hearing? It seems as though the cash at Starz may have 
something to do with that? And also, can you tell us how the growth of subscribers at Netflix may require Starz to 
make payments to Disney or Sony, and how we should think about the scope and impact of that in 2011 and beyond? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is Greg. I'll do the first part. We really 
haven't spent a lot of time modeling the what-if scenario if we're not successful in Delaware. I think we're optimistic 
about Delaware. We believe we're correct on the law and the facts, and that we're progressing well in the trial. So, we 
really haven't done a lot of modeling, and I'd be loath to speculate on what we would do in the event we're not 
successful. 

<Q - Jaison Blair>: But the cash on the Starz balance sheet, is that directly related to Delaware? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think – we've noted that Starz is underleveraged. 
What we do with that cash is somewhat a separate question, unrelated to Delaware in my mind. Now, bondholders may 
see it differently. But from us, looking at what we want to do, I think that's an unrelated question. 

And we think there's underleverage at Starz, and we're thinking about the best and most clever ways that are beneficial 
to all parties in terms of what to do with that cash. So, that's our focus, not in a what-if scenario about the trial. 

Chris, do you want to talk about 


<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC>: Yeah, with regard to the output deals 
and Netflix, all I can say is that we are not anticipating any issues with regard to that during our existing agreement. 
And obviously, our studio contracts are an important factor as we look to the different scenarios that we can put into 
place, not just with Netflix, but with any of our – with any of the potential OVD affiliate partners. 

<Q - Jaison Blair>: So 


<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC>: So we're past – sorry – go ahead. I didn't 
mean to interrupt you. 

<Q - Jaison Blair>: No, no, thank you. So, your comment earlier about not expecting your programming expense to 
increase meaningfully, I think you said 2011, or you highlighted that it would be on a going-forward basis, that would 
include any payments to Disney and Sony for sub increases at Netflix? It might also – and it would imply that, I guess, 
your rate card was coming down on those deals, which would offset your increasing hours of original programming? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC>: Well, those are two separate questions. 
The answer to the first one is, yes. We are not looking at an increase in our programming costs due to the Netflix studio 
issue. And as we've said before, there are a lot of changes that are going on in the theatrical output world. Studios are 
making less films, and as some of these deals have been renegotiated, or deals have been extended, I should say, we're 
always looking at the formula or, as you called it, the rate card for the theatricals. And we do think that those trends are 
going to allow us room to absorb the increased investment in original programming to a great extent. 

<A - Bill Myers>: But I think as we've talked about in the past – just to confirm and agree with Chris – you know, 
we've got a lot of moving parts. What's the box office? We can see some of that now. What happens with partnerships 
like Turbo that we've talked about before? What's the rate that we roll out the original programming? It's an uncertain – 
we have a lot of scripts. We have a lot of pilots. We have a lot of ideas. How fast that rolls out? And then lastly, where 
are we on some of these other ancillary issues. Things like incremental payments to content partners are way down the 
list in the terms of driving that number. 

<Q - Jaison Blair>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Maybe this is our last question, since we're past 
the top of the hour. 


Operator 

And your final question will come from Tom Eagan with Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Super. Thank you. I guess first question on the deal with the Weinsteins, could you give us 
some sense of the incremental revenue from the distribution of those titles? And then on a reported basis, you're going 
to report 100% of the revenue from Starz Media, and will it also include the full amount of the cash? And then I have a 
quick follow-up. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: With regard to the Weinstein deal, we have a deal 
to distribute up to 20 titles. We are distributing those. We're not investing in the films. We're not investing in the P&A. 
So, for us, it is a deal that's hard to project right now because this is the first film in the deal, although we're certainly 
off to a great start. And as we looked at Anchor Bay's business, it was really important for us to be able to get some 
theatricals to distribute, along with the historical Anchor Bay business, and the hopeful increase in Starz original 
content. 

So it's one that we think will be a positive story given the nature of our relationship and given the investment that The 
Weinstein Company is going to be making in theatricals, and the kinds of theatricals that we think will perform well in 
the DVD market. And we also look to not have the traditional ups and downs that you have in a theatrical investment 
business. 

So, for us, without being able to give you any specifics, we are in a distribution-only relationship with 


<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And as we said before, we are going to be 
reporting the Starz Entertainment, and the Starz Media businesses together as one number going forward. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Okay. So, does that mean that you're going to be reporting 100% of the Starz Media revenue 
and cash flow? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller>: Yeah. We will be reporting 100% of it. There 
will be an allocation of net income to the minority interest – in this case, the Weinsteins. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And there's is a minority interest element that's 
below the line that will be taken out. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Okay. And then just, lastly, on any kind of renewal with Time Warner Cable and Netflix. What 
leverage do you have to try to get Netflix to raise its retail price? Is it possible that you could have one rate for the 
output deals in terms of what they pay for, and then a separate deal for the Originals? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You mean in terms of Netflix having two 
different deals 


<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: – one for theatricals and one for Originals? 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Look, at this point, the only thing that I can say is 
that we are looking at all of the potential scenarios with Netflix, and with any of the new entrants in the over-the-top 
space. We believe it is extremely important for us to maintain the integrity of our brands across the different 
distribution platforms. 


I think one of the things that Starz has been successful at is creating different brands. Obviously, we mentioned Starz, 
Encore, and MoviePlex. Is it possible that there are other brands that could be added to that suite of products? I guess 
it's certainly possible, although at this time, there are no specific plans to – that we can talk to you about. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Okay. Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Great. Well, operator, thank you. I think we're done. Thank you all for joining us this morning or afternoon, depending 
on your time zone, and thank you for your interest in Liberty Media. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference. Thank you for attending, and have a 
good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


