Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment 
Other Participants 

• Doug Mitchelson 
• David Gober 
• Glenn Curtis 
• Jeffrey Wlodarczak 
• Jessica Reif-Cohen 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Thomas Eagan 
• Matthew Harrigan 
• Bridget Weishaar 
• Andrew Baker 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future 
financial performance, new service and product launches and other matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such statements. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation and Liberty expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained here in to 
reflect any change in Liberty's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on 
which any such statement is based. Please refer to the publicly filed documents for Liberty, including the most recently 
filed Form 10-Q and 10-K for additional information about Liberty and about the risk and uncertainties related to 
Liberty's business which may affect the statements made in this presentation. On today's call, we will discuss certain 
non-GAAP financial measures. The required definitions and reconciliations can be found at the end of this presentation, 
which is posted on our website. 

At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Good morning. Thank you for joining us today and for your continued interest in Liberty. Today we'll review our 
performance in the first quarter and discuss operating performance at our controlled subsidiaries. 

Speaking on the call in addition to myself, we have Liberty Controller, Chris Shean, who will discuss attributed 
businesses' financial results and the liquidity picture at each of our trackers. QVC CEO, Mike George; Starz President 
and COO, Bill Myers and a host and cadre of other Liberty QVC and Starz Executives who will all be available to 
answer your questions. 

We have been busy since our last quarterly call and made progress in a number of areas. Big news I suspect you all 
heard earlier this week, was we reached agreement with DIRECTV to merge LEI, the majority of our Liberty 
Entertainment tracking stock into DIRECTV. The deal highlights including eliminate the trading discount in our 
tracking stock, allowing Liberty shareholders to become direct holders of DIRECTV and continue to participate in its 
strong operating results. The new structure will allow increased strategic and other flexibility for DIRECTV in which 
we hope to participate. And the DIRECTV shares held by Liberty will be receiving a premium, 

I would like to point out one thing that I mentioned on the Monday call about the deal, is that we're going to be left 
with a new tracker, Liberty Starz which I think will be a very interesting operating business. Strong adjusted OIBDA; 
you're going to hear some of those results for Q1 from Bill, plus, over $650 million of cash. Process around the deal, 
we have an intention to have a simultaneous split and merge of LEI into DIRECTV and we'll need to file new 
documents or amended documents with the SEC, FCC, and IRS. Our hope is to have a shareholder vote in the third 
quarter and simultaneously DIRECTV's process to get their shareholder approval for the merger and have all the final 
approvals and complete the split and merge before the end of the calendar year. 

Other highlights to note at Liberty Entertainment, as I mentioned, Starz Entertainment continues to have very strong 
operating results. 

Turning now to Liberty Capital, we completed our transaction with Sirius XM, which has at least on paper today, 
turned out to be a very attractive investment. The more we learn about the business, the more confidence I think that 
the board members from Liberty on the Sirius XM board, which includes John, myself, and Dave Flowers. The more 
confidence we have in the business and the more excited we are about our 40% position. 

As previously disclosed, we have borrowed against the full value on a present value basis of our Sprint derivative, 
increasing our cash balance and reducing substantially all of our counterparty exposure in derivatives. We did also 
voluntarily retire $750 million face amount of exchangeable debt, which we previously had under a swap. We no 
longer have any swaps on our own or third-party debt. 

Turning to Liberty Interactive, QVC continued to operate in a challenging retail and economic environment, but we did 
see signs of stability, and Mike George will articulate more of that later in the call. The eCommerce companies 
continue to succeed, growing revenue quite substantially and adjusted OIBDA slightly – at a slightly less aggressive 
rate, but also quite well. 

In this quarter, on this call, we're going to change our format a little bit. We're going to have fewer prepared comments 
and allow you, our investors, more time for questions and answers. 

So with that, let me turn it over to Chris to talk about Liberty Interactive's financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive Group's revenues decreased 6% to 1.8 billion, while adjusted OIBDA declined 15% 
to $341 million for the quarter. 

QVC is the primary driver of results amongst the Liberty Interactive attributed assets, and, as Greg mentioned, it 
continues to operate in a challenging retail environment and its total revenue decreased 10% to 1.6 billion, while 
adjusted OIBDA decreased 18% to $319 million. The eCommerce Group of companies at Liberty Interactive, which 
include Provide Commerce, Backcountry.com, Bodybuilding.com and BUYSEASONS, again posted financial results. 


In total, the eCommerce Group experienced revenue growth of 29% in the first quarter and adjusted OIBDA grew 14%. 
The increase in revenue for the quarter was driven by strong organic growth of all the eCommerce companies 
combined with two small, fold-in acquisitions made in 2008. The increase in adjusted OIBDA was primarily driven by 
the revenue growth. 

Now we'll have Mike George provide some additional comments on QVC. 

Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thanks, Chris. QVC's business continued to be challenged in Q1 by the global economic downturn. Although we are 
confident that the actions we are taking are helping us slow the declines and position ourselves for growth and margin 
expansion, as consumer spending rebounds. 

In the U.S., our sales declined 10%. While this was clearly a disappointing performance, it does represent a modest 
improvement over the 12% decline in Q4. More importantly, normalizing for changes in the timing of shipments 
between quarters and for the impact of leap day, we had about a four to five point improvement in the underlying 
consumer demand trend line relative to Q4. 

We saw continued strong growth in our computer and consumer electronics businesses, with particular strength in 
netbooks, in innovative new products like the HP TouchSmart PC, and large screen TVs. We also saw strength in 
kitchen electrics, floor care, and cleaning products. We suspect that at least some of the uptick in those categories 
reflects consumers making choices to eat out less and cut back on discretionary home services, along with our 
increased focus on these businesses. We also saw nearly 50% growth, albeit from a relatively low base, in our extended 
assortments of online-only items, as we put more focus on developing these differentiated assortments for QVC.com. 

Jewelry and apparel continue to be our biggest challenges, with consumers less willing to make such discretionary self 
purchases in this environment. We need to slow the declines in these categories to return to a strong growth mode 
overall. We've been working diligently to sharpen our assortments and have had some successes, but we have a ways to 
go to translate these wins into sustained performance. 

U.S. adjusted OIBDA declined 21%, due primarily to a 220-basis point decline in gross margins, driven by the same 
factors we have discussed on prior calls: a mix shift to lower margin categories like electronics, a higher take rate on 
our promotional items, like the Today's Special Value [TSV], and a higher markdown rate, although as I've stressed 
before, total markdowns remain quite low relative to the industry. 
While we've seen these same trends for the last 18 months, they were much more pronounced in the back half of 2008. 
So we expect by Q3 of this year, we'll see some moderating of the margin declines as we anniversary these impacts. 

Our costs were also impacted by a 70 basis point increase in bad debt expenses, although this increase was lower than 
the increase in Q4. The QCard write-off rate increased to 6.7%, up from 6% in the prior quarter, although this is still 
favorable to the experiences of most proprietary card programs. 

We remain confident that we are staying in front of this issue and we do not anticipate that these bad debt trends will 
materially worsen. 

Partially offsetting this increase in bad debt were reductions in other elements of our cost structure. As we continue to 
focus on driving productivity gains and managing our costs carefully. We also continue to focus on tight inventory 
management and we were very pleased that we achieved a 7% reduction in net inventory from December, despite the 
sales shortfall. 

We remain focused throughout this downturn on our efforts to make QVC one of the premier multimedia life-style 
retailers. We continue to build an assortment of distinctive world class brands, including premiering in Q1, Yves Saint 
Laurent Beauty, Laura Mercier Beauty, stylist Lori Goldstein, and Ellen DeGeneres for HALO pet food. We did 
engaging remotes from Vienna, the Presidential Inaugural and Fashion Week, and launched programming partnerships 


with Celebrity Apprentice and The Biggest Loser, and we launched the final phase of our extensive set redesign 
initiative. 

We also continue to focus on the quality of our carriage and we're pleased to conclude a five-year agreement with 
DIRECTV for improved channel positioning. In the next few months, we will move from our current position in the 
middle of a shopping tier to a stronger position in the general entertainment tier, positioned near several high traffic 
cable channels. 

In addition, earlier this week we launched our native high-definition broadcast to 6 million subscribers and we are 
confident that we will be able to significantly expand this carriage over the course of the year. QVC is clearly the leader 
in high-def shopping and with most of our affiliates, this will also provide the added benefit of a second channel 
location for our programming. 

Now, turning to international, in the U.K., revenue declined 6% and adjusted OIBDA declined 9% in local currency. 
Disappointing results in jewelry and consumer electronics and weaknesses in our TSV items were the primary drivers 
of the sales decline. We are now seeing the economic challenges that first hit the U.S. dampening sales in the U.K. for 
the last couple of quarters. 

OIBDA margins in the U.K. were down about 50 basis points, with about half of the decline driven by the impact of 
lower sales on our fixed DTT agreement and anniversaried an affiliate credit from last year. This is a significant 
improvement over the profit erosion we experienced in Q4, driven in part by the stabilization of FX rates, which puts 
less pressure on our gross margins. 

In Germany, revenue increased 3% and adjusted OIBDA increased 9% in local currency. We have now posted sales 
increases in four of the last five quarters in Germany, albeit off of somewhat depressed results in the prior periods. Our 
revenue growth was largely driven by a strong acceleration of our beauty business. We have shifted significant air time 
and resources from fashion and jewelry to beauty and health, which we believe we can grow at accelerated rates and 
with better profitability than other categories. 

We also saw an approximate 100 basis point increase in adjusted OIBDA margins in Germany, driven by lower 
inventory obsolescence, lower returns, and strong cost management. While we are pleased with the positive 
performance in Germany, we still have some challenges in front of us to sustain the beauty growth, stabilize other 
categories, and continue cleaning up inventory. However, we do feel we are on the right track. 

In Japan, revenue increased 6% and adjusted OIBDA declined 2% in local currency. After seeing accelerating growth 
in Japan every quarter of last year, the business softened in Q1 as the economic crisis hit full force, although we still 
managed to post positive growth. Adjusted OIBDA margins fell 150 basis points due to lower initial product margins in 
some categories, the increased cost of select carriage contracts, and to a lesser extent, employee expenses related to 
filling a few critical positions. 

With that, I'll wrap up by saying that while we continue to face challenges in Q1, we also recognize that the pace of 
economic recovery is uncertain and will likely vary from market to market. I do feel much more confident today about 
the business outlook than I did on the Q3 and Q4 calls. It appears that we are seeing some stability in consumer spend 
in the U.S. and an improving sales trend line relative to last year as our actions take hold. We are gaining access to 
world-class products and brands at a faster rate than ever given the challenges facing the rest of retail. 

In addition, we continue to tightly control costs, lower return rates, and bring down inventory levels company-wide, 
while also investing strategically in the business. From improved carriage, the new eCommerce, CRM and media asset 
platforms and a transformation of our distribution network, all of these are investments that will increase productivity 
and improve the customer experience over time. And as we look at the back half of the year, the sales and margin 
comparisons will get significantly easier in the U.S. and the FX comparisons should get easier for the international 
businesses. 

And with that, I'll turn it back to Chris. 


Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Let's take a look at Liberty Entertainment. Revenue grew 19% in the first quarter to $369 million, while adjusted 
OIBDA increased 63% to 132 million. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the addition of the Liberty Sports 
Group, which was acquired in March of 2008, and adjusted OIBDA growth was due to increases at Starz Entertainment 
and the addition – along with the addition of the Liberty Sports Group. 

Starz Entertainment revenue increased 8% to $296 million. The increase in revenue resulted from an increase in rates 
and the growth in the average number of subscription units. Starz adjusted OIBDA increased 46% to $108 million. 

Now, with that, we'll have Bill Myers comment in more depth on the events at Starz Entertainment as well as Starz 
Media. 

Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment 

Thank you, Chris. Starz had another strong quarter. Starz subscribers increased by 8% over the first quarter of 2008 to a 
total of 18.1 million and Encore grew by 2% to 31.9 million. These results demonstrate the continued value of the Starz 
services to our affiliates and our customers. 

In the first quarter, we worked to enhance that value by adding more exclusive original programming and additional 
services. In March, we launched a second season of Head Case and the premier season of the critically acclaimed Party 
Down. Each is a half-hour comedy. 

We also announced plans to air a second season of the hour-long dramatic series, Crash this fall, co-produced with 
Lion's Gate. And we began production of our second hour-long series, Spartacus which will air early next year. 
Spartacus is the first hour-long dramatic series produced by Starz Media for Starz Entertainment, which will hold all 
rights international and domestic. 

We expect to benefit from our original programming in a number of ways, increasing our existing customer 
satisfaction, attracting new subscribers, increasing the value of our services to our affiliates, expanding our brand, 
reducing our dependence on third parties for content, earning revenue from syndication of the programming, and 
creating a library of proprietary programming, which we can monetize over multiple platforms for many years to come. 

At this year's NCTA convention in April, we unveiled a new application that will make it much easier for consumers to 
access our vast array of on-demand programming. A viewer who tunes in to one of our linear channels in the middle of 
a program can with just two clicks of the remote start the show over from the beginning in either standard or 
high-definition. 

The application won praise from top executives at Comcast and CableLabs. Reporting on the cable convention, the 
New York Times said, "The interactive application generating the biggest buzz at the show is a widget from Starz." 

Under our new affiliation agreement signed last year, Time Warner and Bright House have nearly completed rolling out 
our on-demand services to all their cable systems. Starz on Demand services are now available to all consumers 
through all the major cable companies nationwide. As discussed on the call Monday, we reached an agreement with 
DIRECTV to expand our affiliation agreement through June 30, 2013 with substantially the same economic terms as 
the existing agreement. 

On the Starz Media side, revenue grew 64.7% to 102 million, generating OIBDA of 5 million versus a loss of 24 
million posted in the first quarter of 2008. This improvement was primarily due to the release of movies from Overture 
Films on DVD in late '08 and early '09. 

In addition, Anchor Bay Entertainment posted positive OIBDA even without the Overture Films. Overture Films 
released the indie hit Sunshine Cleaning which continues to perform solidly in over 400 screens nationwide. 


On September 4, the Overture will release the sci-fi thriller Pandorum starring Dennis Quaid and Ben Foster. In 
closing, we continue to monitor the challenges posted – posed by the economic downturn and the potential impact on 
our all of Starz units. 

So with that, I will turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Bill. Let's now look at Liberty Capital. During the quarter, Liberty Capital revenue increased 37% to $125 
million, while the adjusted OIBDA deficit decreased by 27 million, or 46%. The increase in revenue was primarily due 
to an increase in home video revenue of the Overture Film releases at Starz media. The decrease in the adjusted 
OIBDA deficit was due primarily to the difference in theatrical and home video revenue and related expenses 
associated with films released by Overture Films. 

In the first quarter, Liberty Capital borrowed an additional $1.6 billion against derivative positions related to its Sprint 
Nextel EMBARQ equity positions. Total outstanding debt against these equity positions is now $2.3 billion and as 
these derivative positions mature in 2009 and 2010, Liberty will use these proceeds to offset these borrowings. 

Additional sources of cash came from the unwind of the derivative position related to our LodgeNet Interactive 
holdings for proceeds of $41.4 million and a distribution from the primary reserve fund in the amount of $35.1 million. 
Liberty Capital has now eliminated almost all of its derivative counterparty risk. 

In April, Liberty Capital used some of this cash for the voluntary early retirement of 750 million face amount of its 
exchangeable debentures at a significant discount to their face value. Since this transaction occurred after quarter end, 
this reduction in debt and cash is not reflected in our Q1 financial statements. 

From January 31 through April 30, 2009, liberty repurchased 556,000 shares of Series A Liberty Capital common stock 
at an average price of $6.05 for total cash consideration of $3.4 million. Since the reclassification of Liberty Capital 
tracking stock on March 4, 2008 through April 30, 2009, Liberty has repurchased 33.8 million shares at an average cost 
per share of $14.25 for total cash consideration of $481 million, which represent 26.1% of the shares outstanding. We 
have approximately $119 million remaining under the stock repurchase authorization. 

Now, with that, we'll turn the call back over to Greg for closing comments. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Chris, and thank you, also to Mike and Bill for your respective updates. We expect the pace of activity 
moving our businesses forward in Q2 to continue. Our major priorities are as follows: At Liberty Entertainment, 
obviously first job is focused on completing the split of LEI and the subsequent merger into DIRECTV. We also plan 
obviously to reclassify the new tracker, Liberty Starz. At the businesses as you've heard, Starz will be very focused on 
new exclusive programming and continue to innovate with new services. 

At Liberty Interactive, first and foremost we're going to focus on improving the operating performance at QVC, which 
is the main driver of that business. We also continue to explore options for restructuring the debt at QVC and extending 
its term. We'll also hope to continue the excellent operating performance and innovation that our eCommerce 
companies are experiencing. 

And at Liberty Capital, we will continue to evaluate opportunities for cash at LCAPA, including debt buybacks, 
additional investment options, and stock buybacks and we will also focus on continue to rationalize our investments in 
third parties. We're working on the factors that are under our control. Obviously, there are still lots of challenges in the 
financing markets and the operating businesses are experiencing in the economy, despite all the talk of green shoots. 
We do see market opportunities and we will continue to try and capitalize on those, but first and foremost, we want to 
secure our own businesses and finances. 


I would note Liberty's structure has allowed us some flexibility to do certain things to capitalize on these opportunities 
and hopefully still provide value to our shareholders in the form of transactions like the LEI-DIRECTV merger. 

We appreciate your continued interest and support in Liberty Media and let's hope our shares perform as well in Q2 as 
they have year to-date. Thanks. 

With that, operator, we'll take some questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks very much. A couple of questions. If I'm doing the math right on LCAPA, Greg, you 
now have $16 a share of value in Sirius XM debt and equity. And LCAPA is only trading at $12 despite having a lot of 
other net asset value. Any thoughts of how you can sort of convince the public markets that LCAPA has got a lot more 
intrinsic value there? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, obviously I think that people in – I'm not 
sure your math is wrong but I think that people are putting a higher discount on tracking stock, and control structure, 
potential tax liabilities and taking relatively negative scenarios. I think Liberty Capital is probably attractively priced at 
today's numbers, I agree. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Given you've been pretty successful moving the News Corp stock into DIRECTV stock and 
now with the split-off into DIRECTV, is there anything similar that can be conceived with the Sirius stake? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You know us, we're always thinking of new and 
creative ways to create new stocks have, do something different. And I think at some point, the value of Liberty Capital 
will be further exposed. It's had a nice run from sub three or threeish up to I guess 13 and backed off or 14 and backed 
off a little here. But I'm confident that we'll find ways to highlight the value. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: And then the last question is just any kind of – if you can walk us through your philosophy at 
all from the Liberty point of view as to the right financial leverage for DIRECTV given the current environment that 
would be helpful. I mean, once upon a time we were talking about three to four times EBITDA and then the credit 
markets deteriorated, we were talking about two to three times EBITDA. What are you and John thinking about 
leverage at DIRECTV? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, and that's a question that I think Chase 
Carey is asking himself, his management team has been kind enough to ask us as well. And one of the issues is we 
would normally be running higher leverage, I think, or targeting higher leverage. One of the questions would be in this 
environment, particularly where you don't have as many uses for cash immediately and there may be a larger gap or 
cost to being non-investment grade, do you pursue a different leverage ratio? I think that's an open question. It's one 
that we're debating. In a way, it's somewhat academic. The leverage at DIRECTV is, net leverage is approaching post 
our deal about a turn, so it's well below, the numbers that have been discussed of two to three times. Given that 
EBITDA is between 5.5 and $6 billion on a next 12 month basis from here, they've got a lot of borrowing capacity even 
to get to two times. So, in a minute – for the moment it's somewhat academic but I do think they are considering and 
exploring rightly what is the cost of being non-investment grade versus investment grade. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: All right. Thank you very much. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Doug. 

Operator 


And we'll take our next question from David Gober from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Gober>: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Had a few on the new Liberty Starz 
tracking stock. First a housekeeping item, I think in the discussion of the LEI spin-off and DTV combination, you guys 
talked about there being $650 million of cash left at Liberty Starz and 30 million going with DTV. But there's a little bit 
more than that on the balance sheet as of today and you should be generating some free cash flow over the year. So just 
curious what the delta is there. 

And then more on the operating side, you guys have posted some pretty strong sub growth, and we have been hearing 
from the distributors that there seems to be the beginnings of some spin down in premium content. Just curious how 
much of that sub growth is coming from subscribers on fixed rate agreements and what the mix is looking like there. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, on the first point, I think there are a couple 
of things here. One is mostly what we've been talking about these 30 and 650, those are both what we'll call HoldCo 
cash numbers and one is the -- the 30 is the HoldCo cash number that is going or remaining behind and effectively 
going into DIRECTV. There is also what I'll call OpCo cash, operating company cash at GSN, the 65% owned 
company or investment or business, and at the RSN, the 100% owned businesses. 

Depending on when you take your time – and DIRECTV will talk about this -- you're going to see somewhere between 
50 and 100 of operating cash at those businesses depending on when the DIRECTV/LEI merger closes. In addition, 
there is some operating cash at Starz Entertainment, which is in the range of $50 million. Now, most of that cash, I 
think we've not focused on as much because it's – they generally have been paying down an intercompany note. They 
don't have a lot of excess cash. That's effectively what they use to run their business. There may be a little extra there, 
Glenn, but it's not – Glenn Curtis, their CFO is here as well. Would you add any comment on that? 

<A - Glenn Curtis>: Well, we'll continue to have cash that we add to that balance as we have free cash flow during the 
year, but currently that 50 is what we need for our working capital. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's effective with the working capital. So we've 
focused on both of these cases on what I'll call the HoldCo cash, which would be available for other actions. I'll let Bill 
Myers comment on the subs. 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Yes. On the sub growth side, we 
have been very pleased over – during the first quarter in the sense that a large percentage of our sub growth has come 
from our consignment customer base, and that is that we are well structured and positioned in the DBS world, and as 
DIRECTV continues to expand, so do we and we're well positioned in the telco space as well. So that's, that's been a 
very big positive for us. And you guys are looking at the projections as well as we are, and hopefully we'll continue to 
see those two groups of distributors continue to expand through the rest of the year. 

<Q - David Gober>: And just a follow-up on margins, if I could. You guys cited that programming costs continue to 
decline at Starz. Was there anything else that – have there been any SG&A cuts at Starz over the last year? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Yes, not significant. I guess the 
one thing I would say is a year ago, we took a very close look at the relationship and overall structure of Starz Media 
versus Starz Entertainment and brought together a lot of our back office, and we're seeing some of that benefit in the 
first quarter G&A. But otherwise, a lot of this is timing. We'll be spending more money on marketing over the next 
three quarters, as we roll out some of our branding campaigns and launch some of our originals. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But it might be worth commenting and noting, the 
vast majority of operating expense or expense of any sort at that company is, first and foremost, content, programming 
cost. That dwarfs marketing, which then is larger than the people costs side... 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Absolutely. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The driving force here, in terms of what has been 
a historical cost and what will be the savings, arise out of savings on content. 


<Q - David Gober>: So Greg, your comment I think the other day that growth should be, or EBITDA growth should 
be around 15 to 20% for the year, it sounds like that's -- some of that is front end loaded, so the back end might be a 
little bit slower, is that fair to assume? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well I think, A, we're conservative forecasters, 
and B, I think that Bill Myers noted that some of what of the strong experience in Q1 is a timing related to marketing. 
That's true. That's why we're normalizing and why we don't like to quarterly forecast, why we're less focused on that. 
And we always have the challenge of renewals with affiliates. We continue to roll MSOs and satellite deals and until 
we lock those down, we're always trying to be conservative. 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Yes. And David, keep in mind, 
though, just to the timing issue on programming, we have -- as we mentioned earlier, we're going to have a lot more 
programming costs later in the year related to our originals as Crash comes out. We'll start seeing that. And we're going 
to start seeing more, higher priced movie content, because we'll get things like Hancock and the Chronicles of Narnia. 
So this is a timing, that's why it's hard to take one quarter and annualize it. So we're really comfortable with that 15 to 
20% that Greg had mentioned earlier. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great, that's very helpful. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jeff Wlodarczak from Hudson Square. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: Hi, guys. It's Jeff Wlodarczak. Couple of questions Greg, Sirius clearly has been a nice 
investment out of the gate for you guys. You're sitting on quite a bit of cash. Can you talk about if you're seeing a lot of 
attractive investment opportunities out there in what sectors and sort of what's the timeframe on getting your sort of 
excess cash invested? 

And then the second one, any more details on how you're going to avoid a significant tax hit on the 2.4 billion in 
derivative proceeds you're going to get this year and next? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right. On the -- you know, I think we have 
tried to be relatively transparent on what we thought the most attractive opportunities were in that they were largely in 
the debt of some of the media businesses out there. And as some of you are familiar, we have a sub-debt investment 
group or arm or effort, almost exclusively in the TMT space. And also as a part of that we went out and arranged I 
guess about 18 months ago now a $750 million facility with a leading institution at very attractive rates and we need to 
put up relatively low collateral value that helps to increase our return. 

That, you know, is relatively de minimus on the scale of Liberty Capital or certainly on the scale of Liberty. But what it 
has allowed us to do is continue to look at investments and continue to look at opportunities. But it's a nice little way to 
cover the override around here, something we're not completely oblivious to. But more importantly, I don't think we 
would have done Sirius XM personally if we hadn't been looking at these debt opportunities and seeing things that 
arise. 

We've seen a couple of other ones, opportunities out there like that that, cases where somebody either had covenants 
coming or potential maturities, not necessarily in '09, but down the road that might be attractive, and in some cases, 
those opportunities have faded away as the high yield market has improved, spreads have tightened, and the returns 
have lessened or the potential returns have lessened. We still look at some of those. We still think there might be some 
of those out there that's probably our primary focus. That's not to say we wouldn't think about other equity 
opportunities, but that's where we think there is the richest harvest at the moment. So that's where we're going to use 
our cash. 

We are also, as we've mentioned, consider repurchasing our own shares, repurchasing our own debt. All of those are 
opportunities. 


On the tax side, Liberty is a sophisticated investor, a sophisticated company on the tax arena. We will obviously do 
everything we legally can to minimize that tax. We have ideas. If I disclosed any of them, Albert Rosenthaler would 
kill me, so I won't be allowed to talk about them any more than that. 

<Q - Jeffrey Wlodarczak>: All right, thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jessica Reif-Cohen from Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Jessica Reif-Cohen>: Thank you. Greg, I was wondering if you could comment on where you think the natural 
home will be for the Starz sub-co; is it in LINTA or LCAPA? Do you think it will stand on its own? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think we've announced it will be its own 
tracker and that's where we intend it will stay. Obviously, our plans could change. Trackers have that flexibility, but 
that's our current intention. 

<Q - Jessica Reif-Cohen>: And then I just want to clarify a point you made in the beginning when you said that the 
split merger will be simultaneous so now that the split will not happen, just question on the timing? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I -- we'd like to keep those as close together 
as possible. To some degree that is determined by regulatory issues. We will probably not be able to complete the 
split-off until there is an effective registration statement at DIRECTV. We might get lucky and be able to do it earlier, 
but that is likely what our counsel will require and what the FTC will require. 

So there could be a gap where our proxy is done, their registration is done, our vote is taken, the split is completed, but 
we have not yet received some regulatory approval to complete the merger. There could be a gap between the 
completion of the split and the merger. Our hope would be that that gap is as tight as possible because we have received 
all approvals as early as possible. 

<Q - Jessica Reif-Cohen>: Okay, and then one last one. Can you confirm that the $2 billion collar loan has a change in 
control provision so that it would either have to be refinanced or taken out by DIRECTV upon the merger? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think that the collar is something we're 
discussing with that financial institution. I think there's a very good chance that that collar will remain in place, but is 
somewhat dependent on market conditions at the time, any costs to the collar obviously is relatively attractive, or less 
attractive at various stock prices for DIRECTV and relatively attractive, or less attractive when tied to the financing, 
which is somewhat dependent on what's going on in the alternative financing environment for DIRECTV. So I believe 
that it is likely that collar will remain in place post the merger, but I think it will be mostly market dependent. 

<Q - Jessica Reif-Cohen>: Okay, thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Doug Anmuth from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thanks for taking my question. Greg, I just wanted to ask you about a couple of things that 
you mentioned towards the end of your script, first one about the debt renegotiations around QVC and in particular if 
there's any color you can provide there around timing or progress or anything else relevant. And then also, in terms of 
IAC share sales, where you were going at a fairly steady rate it looks like over the last six weeks or so, that has 
essentially stopped, so just trying to get a sense of whether anything has changed there in terms of your thinking around 
that asset. Thanks. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: At QVC, we are in active discussions with the 
existing bank group about alternatives. We have had active discussions with other institutions within that bank group 
and outside that bank group about potential ways to raise incremental capital. 

We are cognizant and watch the tightening of the bond markets for building a long-term capital. And I think Dave 
Flowers, our Treasurer, and his team, in conjunction with Dan O'Connell and the finance team at QVC, are optimistic 
that we will be able to extend our maturities there. 

As far as IAC, IAC is not a strategic asset for this company. It's an asset that we have capital trapped in that is not 
necessarily performing as well as we would like. It is trading for near its cash levels. It has seemingly businesses which 
are – have opportunity and upside, but are not performing as well as we would like today, so we continue to monitor 
that decision to where we put our cash most efficiently. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Jason Bazinet from Citi. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: I just had two quick questions, and I'm probably not going to be able to ask the first one in an 
articulate way because there's a lot of asymmetry of information. But as I look at the transaction that you've announced 
with DIRECTV, at some simple level, it becomes unobvious why there's a Starz tracker at all? In other words, from a 
strategic standpoint, the RSNs can fit in with the transaction, but why not Starz, too? In other words, why go through 
all of these backflips to keep a Starz tracker out there? 

And then my second question's very simple, just a housekeeping one. As we adjust the financials pro forma for the 
tender for the exchangeable, how much should we take our cash down? Is it just a 150 million? Is that the right 
number? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Jason, on the first point, I think, when we 
previously announced the amendment to our planned split off, one of the things we were interested in was what the 
support for all of the debt at our other trackers, and the fairness to our other trackers of supporting that debt. So that 
totality led us to amend our planned split-off, and I think those conditions remain. 

In addition, I would say we that probably – I don't think I'm giving the store away to say, look, we like the asset. We 
think that the fact that its evident it is growing from a bottom of about 175 to – if you do the math on 300 or 302 last 
year, going up 15 to 20% to 350-plus this year, it's at good growth. I'm not sure we would have been paid enough for 
that growth by DIRECTV. 

And so how it stands in the Liberty family as a tracker, as a separate company, whatever, I think that's less relevant 
than we like the asset, we like its cash flow growth. I think it has good prospects for, as I said, the rest of '09, and I'll 
say for '10 and beyond. 

So we like the asset, and I don't think we would have been paid what we thought full value for the asset was by 
DIRECTV. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And it also, as I mentioned, fit into our larger 
plans about liquidity and fairness to our other trackers. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay, fair enough. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Your math about the retirement of the debt was 
exactly correct. Our incremental cash expenditure or outlay was $150 million. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Tom Eagan from Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Great, thank you very much. Hey, Greg, any thoughts behind bulking up the assets within the 
Starz tracker? For example, could you remind us of the issue surrounding kind of recombining Starz Media with Starz 
the channel? And then I have a follow-up. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think the ultimate potential is, at some 
point, Starz Media and Starz Entertainment might be recombined. They're effectively run today as one. We'll – I think 
we'll wait for the moment. Most likely we wouldn't do that until a moment when Starz Media was probably more closer 
to cash flow breakeven on its own for the year. 

It had a good number for Q1 on an operating basis, but as we've been saying, we're in a build mode there, building the 
library. We are still feeling – when we did the transaction, there was an animation business, which we knew was not 
going to be a desirable long-term business. We shut that down. We suffered some of the investment loss over that over 
the last year or two. 

We have been scaling up our flowthrough into Anchor Bay to make it more attractive. And we've been investing in 
library products – really quality library products through Overture. As those things mature, this business will be in a 
more attractive cash flow position, and it would probably make more sense to talk about a merger with Entertainment at 
that time. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: And I forget, is there a timing issue, too, though, either legally or tax wise, is there a timing 
before which you couldn't have them recombined? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I don't think there's any timing issue legally. 
Of course, Liberty would look to do any combination it did in the most tax efficient manner. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. And then just on a follow-up on Starz, the channel, in terms of getting the – you guys 
obviously benefited from higher rates. When does that lap in terms of into '09? Is that – does that higher rate stop 
benefiting in the fourth quarter of this year? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm not sure I understand the question. 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: When you refer to higher rates, 
what do you mean by that? 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Well, you said that you had higher rates for the channel benefiting you by about 13 million. 
When did the higher rate kick in? Was that in the fourth quarter of '08 or before that? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Most of our agreements are 
structured with CPI adjustments that would take effect on January 1. And then we have other fixed rate deals that have 
contractual rate increases, which for the most part would be January 1, too, but could be spread throughout the year. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: And so... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say there are two things that are 
happening there. One is, as Bill rightly points out, you'll get rate increases. But we've also had a shift where the growth 
has been more among consignment players, particularly telco and DIRECTV, who have had faster growth rates, and 
they are – we effectively get better flowthrough and average pricing because of that. 


<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: And if you look at the way this 
splits out, the growth has been more in the Starz units, which are more valuable to us. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Right. Encore units are obviously not – more of 
them are under fixed cost deals, and they're obviously not as attractively marked... 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Because of the content. It's a great 
service. It gives great flexibility to our affiliates to package that a little bit lower. So that's why we have a larger 
subscriber base there. But the real content value, when you're looking at a premium base, is in that Starz. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thanks for taking my question. I was just curious, both you and Michael George have 
frequently had to remind people that QVC is both a retailer and a media company. And you've really made a lot of 
progress as a media company with the DIRECTV deal and the set repositioning, and all of that. But we've probably 
gone through – are going through the biggest generational change in retail in a long time. 

Mike alluded to getting more access to world-class brands and products, and I know you've taken equity positions in 
some of the launch products with certain entrepreneurs. Can you talk a little bit about how you see all the carnage in 
retailing affecting QVC and what the opportunities are there? I know obviously you're not going to take some sort of 
distressed debt approach on the retailing side, but nonetheless it looks like you've got some tactical, strategic 
opportunities you might have to gain some share? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you, Matthew. I have some ideas here, but 
I think we'll let Mike comment first. If you would like, Mike. I don't mean to dump it on you, if you don't want to 
answer. 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: No, I'll take a stab at it, and then I'm eager to 
hear what you have to say. The – I guess I'd answer it a couple of ways. 

At a higher level, we do think, as we move through the current sort of implosion in retail, the folks that are survivors 
and innovators during that time period are fundamentally going to be better off, because they're going to move into an 
environment with fewer stores than we have today, and certainly fewer than we had last year. I think we're going to 
move into an environment where there's somewhat more disciplined behavior in terms of promotional pricing, 
markdown behavior. I think there's going to be some more rational approaches by internet players who have been able 
to run for a period of time with fairly low levels of profitability. 

So I think all of that is good in terms of making the environment a little more rational and controlled, for us to succeed 
in growing our core business. Couple that with the fact that -- even relative to a year or two ago, the level of 
discussions we're having with really exciting people and exciting brands is just far beyond what I could have 
contemplated. This has been our strategic direction for a few years now, and you do it piece-by-piece, but this is really 
exciting stuff we're doing and some exciting stuff that we hope to announce in the next several months, in terms of 
association with great people and great brands. 

In terms of actually winning from an investment standpoint in the carnage that's out there, in the short-term we have not 
been actively exploring investments, just because our priority has been on cash conservation, with an eye towards 
liquidity and debt. And so we've been deliberately cautious on that front, and put in suspension some of the 
opportunities we were exploring last fall. We'll see how the business develops and what kind of pricing is out there in 
the market, and we could certainly see, at some point, reinvigorating that activity in a way that's win-win for us and 
various partner brands. But at this moment, it's not a priority because we want to err on the conservative side as we 
move through the recession. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, I agree with Mike's comments entirely. I 
guess I'd emphasize or highlight one or two points that I see. I think you're seeing a continued share shift from offline 
retailing to online retailing, which QVC is in the full swim of. You've seen that increase of internet proportion that 
QVC has experienced year-over-year and on a continuing basis. 

And I think that the offline mall retailing experience is going to get less attractive. The devastation that is going on 
among certain of the REITs and large retailers or large mall owners, and among some of the retailers – the shopping 
experience in the mall and particularly for our customer – she is not going to find it as attractive to walk into a mall that 
is less trafficked, in many cases, feeling like a bowling alley, and in many cases, with stores closed with lower 
inventory. I think the experience is a less attractive experience than QVC, with its increasing quality brands, and I think 
a lot of new exciting things being done in merchandising, will shine all the more. And so I think that the dynamic is set 
pretty well for QVC going into the next few years. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Bridget Weishaar from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first question is on Sirius. If you chose at some point 
to increase your equity interest or do an acquisition, are there any regulations that we should be aware of in terms of the 
NOLs that Sirius possesses or the tax efficiency of a transaction? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, there are, in the 382 limitations upon a -that 
run for a period of time, which is why Sirius XM has put in a pill. Their current NOLs are roughly $7 billion on 
their way to $8 billion at Sirius XM. We are cognizant of the value of those, so we would be very careful in any way in 
which we increased our equity to try and not to trigger those 382 limitations. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: And how do they get triggered? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Basically, change in 51% of the equity within a 
certain period of time, roughly three years. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Great, thanks. And then on QVC, just to get further clarification, you mentioned that the 
units shipped were down quite a bit, in looking at it from quarter-over-quarter in Japan and Germany. Is this just due to 
the fact that the economic impact lagged the US, and we should expect it to stabilize, or are there other issues there? 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: A couple thoughts. Kind of separate the 
discussion into units versus revenue. The unit decline is – versus revenue decline – is largely just product mix driven. 
We tend not to focus on units as an important measure because it's really an interplay of what categories are hot, 
whether it's high-ASP, low-unit categories or low-ASP, high-unit categories. 

Now, in terms of the overall health of the business and the revenue declines that we're seeing, or the revenue impacts 
we're seeing, I guess I'd characterize it as following. We do think as best we can tell that the economic cycle is lagging 
in Europe and Asia, the U.S. So our best guess would be that – not in terms of necessarily QVC's business, but in terms 
of the economics – economic impact, that it will – the recovery may be somewhat postponed in Europe and Japan 
versus the U.S. Of the two, quite frankly we're a little more apprehensive about Japan, just to be candid about it. It's – 
they obviously suffered massive declines in GDP and it's clearly come out at – come later than the U.S. hit. So we 
suspect, but we're not necessarily experts on this, that the Japan will turn around the slowest and therefore certainly has 
risk to our business. U.K. may lag somewhat, but we're less concerned about that on balance. In Germany, it doesn't 
appear to be having the same impact, potentially due to the social safety net in Germany or the higher level of 
consumer saving. It doesn't feel like we're seeing the same kind of impact. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Great. Thanks so much. 


Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Andy Baker with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Andrew Baker>: Hi. Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions on Starz. Could you talk to us a little bit about 
how we should be thinking about programming costs beyond this year, sort of in the 2010-2011, I think there may be 
some increases coming there. And also if you could give a little granularity, I know there's a bunch of contracts: there's 
a Comcast Encore contract expiring, DISH and Time Warner. And thoughts – any sort of granularity on the sort of 
revenue associated with those contracts in aggregate so we can get a sense of what sort of we're looking at on the 
margin? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Okay. On the programming side, 
your comment was that you might see some increases in some of the programming over the next couple of years and I 
think that is true. It will increase slightly as we increase our original content. Keep in mind that our programming is 
really driven by three things. The number of titles we get, which we're never really quite sure what that is but we 
always work with the studios on at least a projection, and how well they do in the box office. And then the last piece is 
the originals. So we are at least looking out a couple of years, seeing that our programming could go up slightly due to 
our original content. 

As you look at the contracts as disclosed in the 10-Q, we do have Comcast that's coming up. It's only a portion of 
Comcast, which is their EMP piece. The Starz piece is out for another three years, and we have EchoStar that is coming 
up. 

And those are two of our larger customers. I think we disclosed, what, 50 some percent of our revenue comes from our 
three largest customers, so I really can't give you the -- I would have to look at the breakdown of how much is coming 
from the EMP piece and the Encore or the Echo piece there, but we're in discussions with them right now. 

We're very optimistic that we can move those forward. Our content is well positioned with both of them and they 
perform very well. So we just need to work through the process. And as you know, we have contracts that come up for 
renewal every year and it's just part of the process. 

<Q - Andrew Baker>: I guess, Greg, when we look at the Starz tracker going forward, it's going to be – Starz puts up 
a lot of free cash flow and has the -- you have all of that cash there. Should we look at this as a potential levered equity 
shrink candidate going forward, notwithstanding your earlier comments about wanting to make sure that you had the 
resource there to help support all the debt. But assuming that QVC gets around its current issues and you could maybe 
even buy back some of the other debt at LCAPA on discount; is this another levered equity shrink candidate for you 
guys? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think if you had ability in the capital structure 
and certainly where it was going and you thought it was trading poorly, I think that's a great opportunity. Starz is a 
large free cash flow generator and we will obviously have low leverage at Liberty Starz. Fine opportunity. 

<Q - Andrew Baker>: Thank you very much. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

I think that's it for today, Courtney. So thank you very much, operator. And thank you very much to all of those 
interested in Liberty and for joining us today. See you next quarter. 

Operator 


This concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. Thank you for attending, and 
have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


