Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jason Bazinet 
• Michael George 
• William Costello 
• Andy Baker 
• Matthew Harrigan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation quarterly conference call. Today's call is being 
recorded. This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, 
future financial performance, new service and product launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in market 
acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, and continued access to capital on terms 
acceptable to Liberty Media. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained 
herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard to or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Liberty Media 
including the most recent form 10-Q for additional information about Liberty Media, which may affect the statements 
made in this presentation. On today's call, we will discuss certain non GAAP financial measures. The required 
reconciliations can be found on Liberty Media's website at www.libertymedia.com. 

At this time, for opening remarks and introduction, I'd like to turn the call over to the President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you and good morning. This is Greg. This quarter is the first full quarter under our new tracking stock structure, 
and today we'll cover the performance of the assets attributed to the Liberty Interactive and Liberty Capital tracking 
stocks. I'm joined today on the call by a host of our executives including QVC's CEO, Mike George, QVC's CFO and 
President of International Operations, Bill Costello. From Starz, we have Bob Clasen, Chairman and CEO, and Glenn 
Curtis, its CFO. From Liberty, I'm joined by many of our senior executives including Chris Shean, our mustacheoed 
controller. We will be available to answer all your questions following my prepared remarks. 


I'll open today by discussing LINTA's attributed businesses including significant events during the quarter, financial 
results, and our liquidity picture. I'll follow with a similar review of LCAPA and its attributed businesses, and then 
we'll open the call up for questions. The third quarter was highlighted by continued strong financial results at the 
businesses attributed to Liberty Interactive. On a combined basis, the LINTA businesses reported 15% revenue growth 
and a 20% OCF, operating cash flow, increase driven by strong operating results at QVC and the inclusion of Provide 
Commerce, which was acquired last February. 

During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of BUYSEASONS, the operator of BuyCostumes.com, the world's 
largest online-only retailer of costumes and accessories. We like the company and we like the space. Halloween is 
America's fastest growing holiday. This deal also furthers our strategy of adding direct to consumer web businesses that 
can generate synergies with our other Liberty affiliates and benefit from the video promotion power of QVC. 

During the quarter, we repurchased 22.1 million shares of Liberty Interactive Series A common stock for a total of 
$390 million. After the quarter and through 10/31, we repurchased an additional 5.1 million shares for $109 million. 
Since the creation of the tracking stock and through the end of October, we've repurchased a total of 46.6 million shares 
for $840 million, representing just shy of 6% of the shares outstanding at the time of the creation of the tracking stock. 
As we've noted, the businesses attributed to LINTA have significant liquidity generation capability, and we're looking 
to put that liquidity to work to enhance our equity returns. Given the repurchase activity during the second and third 
quarter, our Board recently increased our authorization to repurchase Liberty Interactive shares by an additional $1 
billion. We will continue to report quarterly on share repurchase activity. 

In October, we completed the acquisition of the ownership interest in QVC held by its officers and employees and now 
own 100% of the stock of QVC. We paid $482 million comprised of 434 million in cash and the balance in phantom 
stock units. In October, QVC entered into a new credit agreement which provides for an unsecured 1.75 billion credit 
facility. This credit facility is in addition to the 3.5 billion facility that was entered into in to March of '06. The new 
facility will provide additional liquidity to pursue acquisitions or LINTA share repurchases. The solid operating 
performance and share repurchases continue positive trends at Liberty Interactive, and the stock has performed well in 
response. We believe this has been a systematic formula for strong long-term equity appreciation at LINTA. During the 
quarter, LINTA's share price increased 17.4% from its June 30th close. 

Now let's take a closer look at the results. Liberty Interactive once again turned in a solid financial performance during 
the third quarter, highlighted by another strong quarter at QVC. Overall, our cash flow was up 15% – sorry, revenue 
was up 15% and operating cash flow was up 20%. These results as I mentioned were aided on the revenue side by the 
inclusion of Provide commerce, however, the primary driver of both revenue and operating cash flow growth was 12% 

– was the impressive 12% revenue growth and 20% operating cash flow growth at QVC. As in the second quarter, the 
third quarter results were impressive, particularly given the difficult comps from the third quarter of 2005 and in light 
of QVC's primary competitor again experiencing challenges and flat revenue. 
Now let's look more closely at LINTA's results. Domestic revenue at QVC and operating cash flow grew 11% and 
16%, respectively, as the company increased sales to existing subscribers. The company experienced strong 
performance across all product categories with particular strength in accessories and apparel. Domestic shipments 
increased 7% to 27.6 million units in the quarter, and the average selling price grew 4% from $4.39 to $4.48. $45.48, 
excuse me. Internet sales continue to increase as a percentage of total sales as QVC.com accounted for 19% domestic 
revenue in the quarter, up from 17% in the same period last year. The domestic operating cash flow margin increased 
110 basis points, due to a 50 basis point increase in gross margin combined with operating leverage and higher credit 
card income on the company's private label credit card. 

International revenue increased 15% and operating cash flow grew 31%. This was due to increased sales to existing 
subscribers, subscriber growth in all markets, and favorable foreign currency exchange rates. Excluding the foreign – 
the favorable effect of – I think that's favorable impact of foreign exchange rates, international revenue increased 13% 
during the quarter while operating cash flow grew 30%. Overall, international operating cash flow growth was driven 
by the revenue increase and margin improvement as gross margins increased by 190 basis points to 37.2%. 


Execution and a long-term approach to the business continue to pay off for QVC. Our business grew double digits in 
every month, primarily based on same store sales. QVC's merchandising expertise, executional excellence, and 
attention to the customer allow the company to drive superior financial results in fully distributed markets. This 
performance and management's attention to detail give us great confidence in QVC's long-term prospects. 

Provide Commerce reported quarterly results ahead of our expectations on – particularly with operating cash flow 
growth on strong cost control. For the quarter, revenue was up 17% and normalized OCF increased by a significant 
percentage off of a fairly low base. During the quarter, Provide completed the acquisition of Shari's Berries, which will 
complement its Secret Spoon confection line. As we've stated consistently, QVC's long-term approach to its businesses 
may periodically yield varying results over short periods. We were again ahead of our forecasted long-term growth rate 
in Q3 but expect results more in line with our long-term forecast in Q4, given what we've experienced in October and 
the tough comps that lie ahead given our strong performance in Q4 last year. 

Now let's look at liquidity. We continue to maintain a strong capital structure and good liquidity at the businesses 
attributed to LINTA. LINTA has attributed cash and public investments of over $4 billion with year to date share 
repurchases and has about 6.4 billion in debt. As I mentioned previously, QVC entered into a credit facility, and in 
September used capacity under its existing facility to repay senior notes that came due. Liberty Interactive currently has 
net debt at just under $5.5 billion, which equates to a multiple of just about 3.5 times annual OCF. As a result, the 
LINTA businesses maintain significant liquidity to grow organically or through acquisition or to shrink equity as we 
deem appropriate. 

Now let's turn to Liberty Capital. We also experienced another active quarter at the businesses attributed to Liberty 
Capital. Our success was somewhat mixed, but we continue to make good progress towards reducing complexity and 
transforming the attributed assets into strategic operating assets. During the quarter, we completed the exchange of all 
of our IDT interests and cash for IDT Entertainment and the assumption of its debt. IDT was a passive, illiquid 
investment that did not logically fit with our other LCAPA portfolio assets. The exchange for IDT Entertainment, 
which has been re-branded Starz Media, provides us with a business that we control and we believe is highly 
complementary to Starz. Bob Clasen and Bill Myers are pretty excited about this transaction, as it will help transform 
Starz from a more narrowly focused cable operator into a broader-based, fully integrated media company. This gives 
the Starz team the exciting capability to introduce wide-ranging programming that can be distributed on many 
platforms around the globe. 

In October, we announced an agreement to sell our controlling interest in OpenTV to an unrelated third party for 
aggregate cash consideration to Liberty of about $113 million. Given our focus on branded products and services 
delivered to the end consumer, OpenTV didn't fit strategically with the future direction of the Liberty Capital attributed 
businesses, so we're pleased with this further step towards streamlining our portfolio of businesses in LCAPA. 

During the quarter, the value of our News Corp. stake continued to grow and as of September 30th was valued at over 
$10 billion and more today. We continued our discussions with News about tax efficient structures that would mutually 
benefit the shareholders of both companies. We are pleased with the progress to date but do not yet have a deal to 
report. Let me make one more comment about our News negotiations. There seems to be at least some conjecture that if 
we did a swap of our News stock for News's stake in Direct that we might be under some obligation to move to hard 
control of Direct. This is not so. While I'm not sure where our negotiations with News will take us, one of the elements 
of a DirecTV deal that is appealing is the flexibility that we would have. Depending on price and conditions, we could 
take advantage of our stepped-up basis in News's Direct position compared to the tax basis in our stake in News – I'm 
sorry, I skipped there. Let me say – we could, excuse me. Let me start again. One of the elements of DirecTV that is 
appealing is the flexibility we would have. Depending on price and conditions, we could stay at 39% and have 
significant influence on Direct, increase our stake, or even sell down to 25.1% of Direct, taking advantage of our 
stepped-up tax basis in News's Direct position compared to our tax basis in our stake in News and still retain the 
tax-free character of the overall deal under section 355. 

During the quarter, we also continued our discussions with Time Warner about the exchange of our Time Warner 
shares back to the company for a combination of cash and operating assets. These discussions have been ongoing, and I 


can't predict the timing of any deal, if any deal occurs. 

The businesses attributed to LCAPA turned in results as expected. The group's largest business, Starz Entertainment, 
reported a modest 3% revenue increase, while operating expense outpaced revenue increases resulting in a 4% decline 
in OCF. 

Now let's take a closer look at the quarter. For the businesses and investments attributed to Liberty Capital, the 
combined income statement remains a smaller part of the story. Our objective is to change that over time through the 
exchange of passive and non-strategic assets for controlled cash flow-generating operating assets. In the meantime, 
LCAPA's largest attributed operating asset, Starz, is showing strides in improving its operating financial performance. 
While revenue did grow modestly and OCF declined moderately in the quarter, programming cost increases are 
slowing and SG&A declined in the quarter. Overall, LCAPA reported a 9% revenue gain due to the inclusion of FUN 
Technologies and the revenue growth at TruePosition. LCAPA reported a 43% OCF decline primarily due to the 
operating cash flow deficit at the newly acquired Starz media. 

Now let's take a look at the – a closer look at the quarter for the LCAPA businesses. As I mentioned earlier, the income 
statement is only a part of the story, but in that area, Starz continued to show strides toward improving financial 
performance. Subscription units continue to grow as Starz and Encore subscription units increased 7% during the 
quarter. This in turn drove a 3% revenue growth. On the cost side, programming cost increases are moderating while 
SG&A has declined as the elimination of certain marketing commitments under the Comcast affiliation agreement have 
more than offset the increased marketing spend behind the launch of Vongo. Starz continues to spend behind Vongo to 
increase our content offering, raise awareness of the service, and drive consumer uptake. For the remainder of '06, these 
expenses as well as marketing costs associated with Starz's traditional services may outpace the reduction of other 
marketing commitments. As such, our guidance remains unchanged as we expect full year results to be substantially 
similar to those achieved in 2005. 

Finally, and as I've stated before, we're making progress in reducing complexity and focusing our assets at LCAPA. 
Since the formation of the tracking stocks just six months ago, we've sold our interest in Court TV, exchanged our IDT 
interest for IDT Entertainment, and announced an agreement to sell our controlling interest in OpenTV. We're pleased 
to own those assets, but we believe these transactions furthered our strategy of converting investments into strategic 
operating businesses that have synergy with our current companies. We'll continue to work to reduce complexity and 
increase the operating orientation of Liberty Capital. Obviously, we are working towards converting our News, Time 
Warner and other public equity positions into those kind of operating businesses and hope to have more to report over 
the periods ahead. 

Now, let's look at the liquidity picture at the LCAPA businesses. Here we are in good financial strength. LCAPA has 
approximately 17 billion of public investments and derivatives and 2.1 billion of cash and liquid investments, which 
together at 19 billion are only partially offset by the 4.7 billion face amount of debt. This provides LCAPA with 
significant flexibility to grow our businesses and will play an important role in the strategic direction of those assets 
going forward. 

With that said, I thank you for listening today and now would like to open up the call to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question from Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Hi, thanks so much. I just have one quick question. Overall it was a good quarter, but I was 
looking at the domestic reach numbers in the quarter and it looks like it ticked down, and I was just wondering if you 
could comment on that. If that was...? 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: That is – this is Greg, and I'll comment. I think we reclassified something. There has been no 
decline really in the numbers. I think we were up probably a couple hundred thousand during the quarter. I don't have 
the exact number, but we've seen no decline, and that's really a function of classification. I don't know if Bill or Mike 
want to add to that. 

<A - Michael George>: No, that's right, we haven't seen any decline in our reach. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. All right. Just wanted to check. Thanks so much. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll go next to Robert Peck with Bear Stearns. 

<Q>: Hi, it's actually Lillian Cho for Bob. Congrats on the quarter. Just a couple quick questions on Liberty Interactive. 
First of all, I'm wondering if you can elaborate a bit more on the rationale behind the purchase of management's stake 
and explain how exactly the phantom stock units work? And secondly, on QVC.com, we noticed that during the 
quarter, QVC.com as a percentage of domestic sales was 19% and which declined from the 20% last quarter, I'm 
wondering if it's a pure function of seasonality or something else is going on on this segment? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'll comment on the buyout and then I'll let Mike talk about dot com. Management buyout, the 
bulk or a substantial portion of the amount was to retire the stake of retiring or retired executives. But in addition, we've 
got a long term goal of I think we talked about, at our QVC investor day a few weeks back, about trying to bring the 
QVC interest into Liberty Interactive and have all of the QVC management team's equity orientation long term aligned 
with the shareholders of LINTA. So the combination of cashing out some of the existing positions, granting new 
options at Liberty Interactive, I think achieved our goal of gaining 100% control of QVC and aligning the employee 
and management perspective more closely with the shareholder perspective. Mike, do you want to talk about dot com? 

<A - Michael George>: I'm sorry, the dot com question cut out on me. Can you just repeat it? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: She was asking about the fact that while we were up year over year, sequentially we were 
down from a 20% number in fourth quarter – third quarter rather, and it did not reflect anything other than seasonality. 

<A - Michael George>: It really doesn't. We don't try to manage to a specific dot com outcome. It will bounce around 
in that range, partially due to seasonality, partly due to just the mix of programs that we have on air. But in general, we 
look for our dot com penetration to increase a couple – a couple percentage points every quarter within a reasonable 
range, and so that's what we saw this quarter. Comfortable that that will continue at about that rate going forward. 

<Q>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. We'll go next to Vijay Jayant with Lehman Brothers. 

<Q>: Hi, thank you. This is Sebora Buddha for Vijay, and we have a couple questions. First of all, your purchase of the 
QVC interest for 482 million, it suggests a high valuation for QVC relative to current market value, so I was wondering 
if you could walk us through your calculation regarding that 482 million? And then secondly, can you tell us what 
CapEx at QVC was in third quarter because given the guidance for 2006 is 355 million? In the first six months CapEx 
was about $100 million. We were wondering if you see the spending playing out differently in terms of some of it 
going into 2007 or whether you expect there to be more spending in the second half? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. I will take the first one about repurchase of the QVC interest. And then Bill, 
maybe you can talk to the CapEx, Bill Costello, CapEx at QVC? As far as the repurchase, we had been under a 


formulaic methodology historically on how effectively the PSAR program at QVC worked and the way that they were 
compensated and incentivized on growth in cash flow, and that is how the valuation was arrived at for repurchasing 
those interests. 

As I said, part of the goal was in repurchasing those interests was not only to provide liquidity to some retired or 
retiring executives, but again to align the interests of management and the employees more closely with the LINTA 
shareholders so that no longer in the formula, they're on the same basis – market basis that all the LINTA shareholders 
are at. Bill, do you want to talk about the CapEx? 

<A - William Costello>: Yeah. I just want to add one thing to what Greg said on the valuation in answer to the 
question. And that's the amount that's included in the press release is on a gross basis, it doesn't include the $140 
million which the employees had to pay in to exercise. So if you look at it net basis, it's closer to the 342 than the 482. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Right. That was... 

<A - William Costello>: Okay? In regards to the second question, I don't have the CapEx for the third quarter here, but 
in answer to where I think you're going to go, is the 355 million was our ballpark or was our guidance for capital 
expenditures for the year. Right now we're looking at about 260 to 275. And again, most of that will flow into 2007. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: To add one point, Bill is exactly right about when you're looking at the net amount of cash that 
needed to be outlaid or laid out, rather, by QVC, but your point about the formula for valuation was also right, and 
mine was addressing the point, and that is that we're off of a formula now. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go ahead and go next to Andy Baker with Cathay Financial. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: Thanks a lot and congratulations on a great quarter. I was wondering if you could give us just 
some color on the units in Europe and also how the growth rates looked across the various European and Japanese 
markets, please? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Bill, do you want to take that? 

<A - William Costello>: Sure, yeah. Japan continues to be strong. UK is where we expected it to be, low double digits. 
Germany has been somewhat of a disappointment on the top line, but part of the reason there is because they've had 
some changes in lines of business, and their merchandising mix, as well as one or two other things that they tweaked 
the business with. So actually on an EBITDA basis, they're performing better than we expected, but on a top line basis, 
they're a little softer than where we would like to see them. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: And can you give us the overall? I know it usually comes out in the Q, but the overall units 
shipped internationally this quarter? 

<A - William Costello>: I could but I – I can get back to you on that. I don't have that detail here. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: All right. That would be great. Thank you. 

<A - William Costello>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you, Andy. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our next question from Matthew Harrigan with Janco Partners. 


<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Can you reflect a little bit more on IACI and how it fits strategically? I mean you've been 
relatively quiet on that. And then a few months ago, when you initially did the tracking stock, LCAPA, you really were 
fairly open kimono in saying that things could go another way – multiple directions as far as the continuity of the 
business. I mean do you feel more firmly committed to it on a continuity basis as opposed to eventually winding things 
down on the basis of what's happening – happened over the last couple months, and in particular, with Direct – possibly 
with DirecTV? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think our position on Interactive probably remains consistent. We're pleased with the 
improved stock price at Interactive, and good performance at some of its businesses. I think we believe that both 
Expedia and Interactive are under-leveraged today, and that's probably not maximizing equity returns. What its long 
term role or position in the Liberty family is not entirely clear. We are enthused about the fact that we're the ultimate 
control entity of both of those companies, and that is appealing. But we are obviously interested in trying to maximize 
the value of Liberty Interactive over the short, long – and long term, and we weigh the long-term appeal of that control 
position against the relative, probably discount that we are experiencing because of holding a large, somewhat passive 
stake in IAC and Expedia today. 

And as I mentioned, we probably would look to see those businesses capitalized differently to maximize their equity 
returns. So I think our position and our views are probably unchanged from six months ago. We've seen – in that six 
months, I think we've probably seen slightly better performance at IAC and slightly worse or more than slightly worse 
in terms of a stock price performance at Expedia. And we do remain disappointed in the market share losses at Expedia. 
So we weigh the whole thing, and I don't think we have a clear answer today, but we continue to think about it. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. All right, it appears there are no questions at this time. I'd like to turn the program 
back over to Mr. Maffei. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, if there are no questions, I'd like to thank all of our investors and other listeners who joined today and to thank 
our management teams who are out on the line and here in the room, and we look forward to continued good 
performance and hope to see you next quarter. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

That does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your line at any time. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2016, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


