Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation 
• Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc 
• Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment 
• Chris Albrecht 
• Glenn Curtis 
• Mark Carleton 
Other Participants 

• David Gober 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• James Ratcliffe 
• Bridget Weishaar 
• Matthew Harrigan 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Barton Crockett 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

This presentation contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future financial 
performance, new service and product launches and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking 
statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by such statements. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained 
herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectation, regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted EBITDA. These required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note and schedules one through three can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 

At this time for operating remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Thank you, and good morning. Thank you all for joining us today and for your interest in Liberty. 

Today we'll review our year and quarter results by tracker. We'll discuss the operating performance of our controlled 
subsidiaries, and we'll cover some transaction and other developments we've had in the year prior quarter and the end 
of the year. Liberty Controller, Chris Shean will discuss the attributed business financial results and the liquidity 
picture for each tracker. QVC CEO, Mike George will discuss recent events and developments at QVC and Starz CEO, 
Chris Albrecht will review events at Starz. 

Also on the call with me today are the QVC CFO, Dan O'Connell; Starz Entertainment President and COO, Bill Myers; 
Starz CFO, Glenn Curtis; and several other senior Liberty Media Executives. All of us will be available to answer 
questions after these prepared remarks. 

I'm sure you've seen today's announcement that we have made a change in the attribution of certain assets and liabilities 
between Liberty Capital and Liberty Interactive. The reasons we made these moves were first, to rationalize the capital 
structure of both groups. 

Second, to provide increased flexibility in the future for both groups, and a significant motivator was strengthening the 
near and mid-term liquidity of Liberty Interactive. We were always quite comfortable with Liberty Interactive's ability 
to cover its upcoming maturities, but the market hasn't seemingly been as comfortable sometimes in the past nor today, 
and we thought this reattribution would continue to further enhance its liquidity. 

Secondly, we're aligning the tax loss generating debt. As you know, and as we've discussed in the past, these 
exchangeable debts that we are moving or re-attributing, rather, have certain features which generate a tax deduction 
larger than the interest payments being made in the interim until the debts mature. 

We are moving that tax loss generating to debt with the equity that produces the most income. QVC is our largest 
earner. Putting that debt with QVC made the most sense. We're putting all of the Live Nation stock in the entity, 
Liberty Capital, that we believe is best suited for the investment. 

Let me look at a little bit by tracker what we're doing. At LINT, we're putting in additional cash of $807 million. That's 
enough to pay off the straight debt that we have maturing in 2013. We're putting in the attributed long-term Sprint and 
Motorola exchangeable debentures. We're putting in some tax liabilities associated with our 2009 redemption of some 
of those Sprint exchangeable debt, and we are changing the attribution of 24.5 million Live Nation Entertainment 
shares to LCAP at the market price. 

We think the benefit to LINT, as I touched on above, were the liquidity in the form of the 807 million in cash plus the 
tax savings that these exchangeable debentures are generating, which should help address all near and mid-term 
maturities. The reattributed debt is long-term, low interest rate debt, with, as I mentioned, very favorable tax 
characteristics. That non-tax – non-cash interest deduction, rather, will help shield income produced by QVC and our 
eCommerce companies. 

The move will be cash flow positive since the cash interest is less than today's cash tax benefit, and it's worth noting 
that that tax benefit is growing. LINT, Liberty Interactive nor QVC could issue similar debt today, neither because of 
the rate, the low rate which this debt has, nor the long-term tariff. 

And if you look at what is changing in LCAP, it is being credited with 24.5 million Live Nation shares. It is eliminating 
the attribution of the exchangeable debt, that's the Sprint debt and the Motorola debt and the associated tax liabilities, 
and it is having its attributed cash reduced by $807 million. We think some of the benefits to LCAP include reduced 
attributed debt balance and reduced attributed tax liabilities. Obviously, the addition of the attributed Live Nation 
shares, as you may recall, were currently have a tender in place as well for incremental Live Nation shares at Liberty 
Capital, so now all of those shares will be in Liberty Capital, and we believe this is a good use of cash of capital by 
Liberty Capital. 


Here's a rough description of how we arrived at the $807 million cash payment from LCAP to LINT. Of this $807 
million, 307 million is for the Live Entertainment stake – or the Live Nation Entertainment stake, LYV. That's the 24.5 
million shares at the market price of yesterday. The gross liability associated with the exchangeable debt, $1 billion, is 
made up of a market price for the debt of about $700 million, a foregone OID, original issued discount deduction. Since 
LINT isn't issuing this debt, it doesn't get that OID deduction that it would normally get, and the call value of the MOT 
exchangeable. 

As you'll recall, the exchangeable debt has a call feature which effectively gives the holder the upside in the stocks, 
either Sprint or Motorola, depending on how those stocks move. The MOT exchangeable has that call option on MOT 
stock, and that has some value. The Sprint exchangeables, both series have, as I mentioned, the same, a Sprint call 
option embedded inside, but those call options are so far out of the money because the Sprint stock is so far below the 
exchangeable price that it becomes really – it has no substantive value. 

And the last piece of the equation is in that is the present value of the tax liabilities associated with the exchangeable 
debt we redeemed in 2009. We know that Liberty will have to pay this liability of $320 million ratably over the years 
2014 to 2018, and that's worth about $200 million on a present-value basis. 

Offsetting this is the net present value of the benefits of the exchangeable debt, that's about $500 million, that's the net 
value of the tax deductions related to exchangeable debt; the benefit of taking the current tax deductions, which are 
growing, offset by the liability of the interest recapture at the maturity of the debt. 

We also looked into several qualitative factors that we took into account. First, as I mentioned before, Liberty 
Interactive's inability to issue this type of favorable long-term debt in current market conditions, or likely ever at all 
given it is a high yield issuer. We took into account some of the risks that the tax benefits might not be fully realized. 
We took into account some of the risks that the tax liabilities might be accelerated, and we took into account other 
risks, including change in the tax law or other laws, reductions in Liberty Interactive's ability to utilize the tax benefits. 

The net of that is about one billion of these liabilities were subtracted by about $500 million of net present value with 
tax benefits resulted in a cash payment to LINT of about $500 million. So you combine the 307 for the Live Nation 
shares and the $500 million for the assumption of the exchangeable debt to get the $807 million tax or total payment. 

Liberty and its Board view this as a fair exchange of value between Liberty Capital and Liberty Interactive. As you 
may recall, we've been through this process before. We previously did an exchange of debt between Liberty Interactive 
and LMDIA. We moved over the Viacom exchangeables. And just in the same case, we looked at as favorable to both 
entities in achieving their goals, and as in the prior case, we used a leading investment bank to confirm our view of 
values. 

Liberty Starz was not affected in any way by these moves, and I will be happy, as the rest of the team will be, to answer 
your questions about this transaction or this reattribution in the Q&A portion of our call. 

So let me turn now to the fourth quarter and year end results. 2009, no surprise to any of you who have been watching, 
was much better than 2008. We had several transformative deals. The purchase of our SIRIUS XM interest, the spin-off 
of Liberty Entertainment, and its subsequent merger into DirecTV. We had numerous other positive transactions. We 
significantly strengthened our balance sheet by both restructuring our debt, extending maturities and retiring debt. 

Since the end of the year, we continued this process of rationalization of passive investments on a tax efficient basis, as 
always, focused on reducing what we believe is the substantial discount to net asset value at almost – at all of our 
entities. 

Now that those transactions have concluded, the sale of all of our low-vote, high basis IAC shares and the sale of all of 
our GSI Commerce shares. GSI Commerce is a great company. It's had a great run in the stock, and been we've been 
happy shareholders. But the reality is, as a minority shareholder we were unlikely to get the full benefit of the position 
and lastly, our tender for Live Nation, which is still in process. 


At Liberty Interactive, QVC had a very impressive fourth quarter which capped a greatly improved 2009 overall. I give 
full credit to a wonderful job by the management team. We, as I mentioned, have increased the liquidity at Liberty 
Interactive through the sale of IC and GSI shares, and as I mentioned before, we restructured its debt. QVC has paid 
down some of its bank lines and QVC has extended maturities through a bond issuance. 

At the eCommerce companies, we had very solid growth in revenue and even better growth in OIBDA. Looking for a 
moment at Liberty Starz, notably, we issued our new tracking stock, Liberty Starz in November upon the completion of 
the LEI split off and merger with DirecTV, we hired a new CEO, Chris Albrecht, who started right after the first of the 
year, and you'll hear from him in a moment. We debuted Spartacus, our original programming to record viewership for 
Starz. 

And since the Liberty Starz began trading, we repurchased about 1.2% of the outstanding shares since November 
through January. Lastly, we sold our stake in Wild Blue, which we had received – which resulted in our holding of 
ViaSat stock of about $28 million. 

It's worth noting because Liberty Capital had been a lender to Wild Blue, it also received through the merger about 215 
million of cash proceeds as its debt was repaid and about $28 million of ViaSat stock related to warrants it received as a 
lender in that transaction. Lastly to mention, Liberty Capital, they reported this morning, SIRIUS XM posted very 
strong operating results, and our shares are currently trading at a value of about $2.8 billion. 

With that, let me turn it over to Chris Shean and let him talk about Liberty Interactive's financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive group's revenue increased 14% to 2.7 billion for the fourth quarter, and increased 3% 
to 8.3 billion for the year while adjusted OIBDA increased 29% to $556 million for the quarter and 6% to $1.7 billion 
for the year. QVC, the primary driver of the results for Liberty Interactive had a very strong quarter and its total 
revenue increased 14% to 2.4 billion and 1% to 7.4 billion for the year while adjusted OIBDA increased 27% to 530 
million in the fourth quarter and 4% to 1.6 billion for the year. 

Liberty Interactive's other eCommerce businesses continued to grow at a solid pace. In total, our eCommerce 
businesses experienced revenue growth of 17% in the fourth quarter and 20% for the year, while adjusted OIBDA grew 
63% in the fourth quarter and 45% for the year. Now let's take a quick look at Liberty Interactive's liquidity. 

At the end of 2009, the group had attributed cash and public investments of $4.2 billion and $6.3 billion in attributed 
debt. Over the past year, Liberty and QVC management have been working to address its debt maturity schedule and 
reduce leverage. Along with a refinancing of bank debt in the second quarter, QVC accessed the bond market in the 
third quarter. QVC had already fully covered its $425 million maturity due in June 2010 by creating capacity in its 
revolver by paying it down by $425 million. Although the reattribution will increase LINTA's leverage, the reattributed 
debt is long-term, low-cost, with favorable tax characteristics, and it will enhance LINTA's liquidity and its ability to 
handle near and medium-term maturities. 

Subsequent to quarter end, LINTA added to its cash balance by completing the sale of the remaining low-vote IAC 
shares that it held and also sold all of its shares in GSI Commerce for approximately $220 million. 

Now, I'll hand the call over to Mike George for additional in-depth comments on QVC. 

Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc 

Thank you, Chris. We're very encouraged by our results in Q4. With 14% revenue growth and 27% adjusted OIBDA 
growth, we posted our strongest quarterly results in over 10 years and moved our full-year results into positive territory 
with 1% revenue growth and 4% adjusted OIBDA growth for the full year. These results were well ahead of most 


retailers, and we continue to take share against the broader market. And we're also encouraged by the balanced nature 
of our performance with strong gains in both top and bottom line results and improving trends in all markets on a local 
currency basis. Q4 was the first quarter since Q1 of 2008 when every country posted positive revenue growth in local 
currency. 

And now I'll walk through the results at each market. In the U.S., we increased revenue 13%, our consumer electronics, 
kitchen and floor care, beauty, accessories and fashion jewelry businesses were all strong. In addition, our apparel 
business, while soft, remained significantly over the trend – improved significantly over the trend of prior quarters. On 
jewelry, especially gold, it did remain difficult, however. 

Our investments in eCommerce continue to pay off, with QVC.com posting 27% revenue growth. The internet 
represented 31% of total sales in the U.S. in Q4, a three point increase over the prior Q4. Our return rate declined from 
17.7% last Q4 to 16.4%, further strengthening topline results. Inventory levels remain tightly controlled and were 
essentially flat with the prior year. 

We improved our adjusted OIBDA margin by over 300 basis points, driving a 32% growth in adjusted OIBDA. This 
improvement was driven by strong productivity gains in our distribution and customer service operations, greater 
freight efficiencies as we optimized our shipping network, improvements in our fixed cost structure and a reduction in 
bad debt expense rate, our first reduction since 2007. Perhaps most encouraging news in the quarter that we had 
720,000 new customers join QVC U.S., that's a 22% increase in the count of new customers over the prior year. And 
revenue from new customers was up 53% over last year. 

This growth in both new customer count and [audio gap] revenue increased 6% in local currency, our third consecutive 
quarter of improving revenue trends. We saw a strong growth in beauty and personal care and continued strength of 
fashion offset by softness in consumer electronics and some areas of home. 

Return rate improved over 100 basis points, and we reduced our inventory levels over 35% from the prior year on a 
local currency basis. Adjusted OIBDA grew over 25% in local currency with adjusted OIBDA margins increasing 
nearly 320 basis points. The largest driver of this improvement was anniversarying foreign exchange losses from the 
prior year on dollar denominated inventory purchases. 

In Germany, revenue increased 8% in local currency. This growth was fueled by strong gains in beauty, health, 
accessories, offset by ongoing softness in jewelry where we continue to pull back air time. Return rates were slightly 
down in the quarter, and we reduced inventory 18% on a local currency basis. Germany, like the U.S., enjoyed strong 
gains in customer count with 16% growth in the quarter, an encouraging sign for our long-term growth prospects in 
Germany. And I should have said new customer count. 

Adjusted OIBDA increased 5% in local currency on a 70 basis point decline in adjusted OIBDA margins. Now that 
decline was driven primarily by softer product margins. 

In Japan, revenue increased 4% in local currency. This was the first positive growth for Japan since Q1 as the team 
successfully navigated the global economic challenges and was particularly strong performance in light of our 19% 
growth in Q4 over the prior year. 

Fashion and beauty enjoyed strong growth, partially offset by softness in the home and jewelry categories. Adjusted 
OIBDA grew 9% in Japan on 116 basis point improvement in adjusted OIBDA margins. These gains were driven by 
higher initial product margins, improved distribution and call center productivity and lower marketing costs. 

Now, we continue to make good progress with our Italy launch, and we are on schedule for a planned October opening 
in Italy. We incurred about five million of operating and SG&A expense throughout 2009 associated with the Italy 
startup, and we anticipate an adjusted OIBDA loss of 30 to 40 million in Italy for the full year of 2010. 

Our capital expenditures companywide for 2009 were approximately 181 million, and we anticipate CapEx of about 
225 to 250 million for 2010, including costs associated with the Italy startup. 


We see our share gains over other retailers who compete for discretionary spending dollars as a positive indication that 
our efforts to create a new kind of shopping experience are working, an experience that uniquely blends content, 
commerce and community. 

Compelling exclusive content is powering our business. The debut of our Isaac Mizrahi lifestyle brand, one of the 
biggest brand launches in our history is just one example. Other [inaudible] in Q4 included NARS cosmetics, Stephen 
Dweck diamonds, Godiva chocolates, new fashion lines by leading stylists and designers like Rachel Zoe and Ava 
Rose, and Sony, Vizio and Nintendo in consumer electronics. 

These brands joined a powerhouse lineup of existing brands at QVC with standout performance in the quarter by, 
among others, B. Makowsky in handbags, Rachel Ray in cookware, Harry Slatkin in home fragrances, philosophy, 
Bobbi Brown and Clarisonic in beauty, and Sharp AQUOS and Clickfree in consumer electronics and Dennis Basso in 
fashion. 

We continued our focus on creating major events and entertaining programming that drives viewers and creates buzz in 
the industry and among consumers. Our Mizrahi launch, for example, received extensive press coverage, and our Black 
Friday weekend sales were extraordinary as we went head to head with traditional retail, offering a better shopping 
experience without the hassle of the mall and also, without doing costly loss-leader promotions. Dell Notebooks, 
Keurig Coffee Brewers and philosophy were especially strong on that weekend. 

E-Commerce growth, as I've noted, continues to be critical to our business. On a global basis, our internet revenues 
grew 28% in the quarter; and for the full year, our total internet revenues companywide were over 1.8 billion, and we 
continue to expand our platforms. 

In December, we launched an iPhone application in the U.S. that has been downloaded by 115,000 customers in a little 
over two months. In Japan, we launched our next generation mobile phone offering, which includes live streaming and 
video on-demand. And in the U.K., we expanded our interactive TV applications. 

And while we worked on these initiatives to grow top line sales and increase market share, we also stayed committed to 
improving profitability and margins. We increased operating productivity and reduced costs in all markets, cut total 
inventory levels and dramatically improved free cash flow. 

Looking forward, while we recognize that the pace of consumer spending and recovery is uncertain, we remain 
committed to creating a better shopping experience, gaining market share and driving balance, top and bottom line 
results. With that, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Thanks, Mike. Let's take a look at Liberty Starz. While this tracking stock was issued in November, all amounts shown 
and discussed are as if this tracking stock structure had existed in its current form for the full year. 

Liberty Starz attributed revenue grew 6% in the fourth quarter to $304 million and 7% to $1.2 billion for the year, 
while adjusted OIBDA decreased 3% to $74 million for the quarter and increased 29% to $374 million for the year. 

At year-end, Liberty Starz had attributed cash and public holdings of $825 million and attributed debt of $48 million. 
This does not include the $158 million intercompany loan to Liberty Interactive. From November 19 through January 
29, Liberty repurchased 643,000 shares of this tracking stock at an average cost of $48.62 for a total consideration of 
$31 million. This represents 1.2% of the shares outstanding. 

Now Chris Albrecht will comment on events at Starz Entertainment and Starz Media. 

Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc. 


Chris, are you on the line there? Okay. Well, we've had a technical glitch getting Chris on, so in the interim, Bill – we 
will have Bill Meyers talk about the quarter, and then when we get Chris on, we'll bring him back or have him be 
available for questions. 

Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment 

Good morning. Starz Entertainment had a very strong year in 2009 and is well positioned for 2010. For the year, 
adjusted OIBDA rose 28% versus 2008 for a total of 384 million. This came on revenue of 1.2 billion, an increase of 
7% versus 2008. Three factors contributed to the increase in revenue – an increase in the average weighted number of 
subscribers, an increase in revenue per subscriber and revenue from new products and services and the sale of original 
programming to third parties on multiple platforms in the U.S. and international marketplace. 

Programming costs continued to decline from 629 million in 2008 to 615 million in 2009. This decline resulted from a 
reduction in the number of first-run movies, which are more expensive, offset by an increased use in less expensive 
library product and increased amortization of production costs for original series. 

In the fourth quarter, adjusted OIBDA dropped to 78 million from 93 million in the third quarter of 2009, largely 
because of the marketing campaigns and production cost amortization associated with our two big dramatic series, 
Spartacus: Blood and Sand and Crash. 

The marketing campaign for Spartacus, which began in December and continued into the first quarter of this year, is 
the largest ever at Starz. On the original front, with respect to Crash, we have decided not to renew Crash as it did not 
meet our audience expectations, and one of the big impacts in the fourth quarter of this – of 2009 is an evaluation of the 
future performance of Crash, and we ended up writing off $8 million of production costs to bring it back into fair value. 

But with Spartacus, which premiered in January, has proven to be a major hit, attracting the largest audience for a Starz 
original ever. It ranks first in the ratings for its Friday evening time slot among all premium channels. And because of 
its performance, we have already announced plans for a second season. 

Also in the fourth quarter, we announced the renewal of our comedy series Party Down and unveiled plans to produce a 
new romantic comedy half-hour series, Gravity. Both will air in the spring of this year. On the affiliate front, we 
continue to work with our affiliates to bolster our strong lineup of high definition channels and we were pleased that 
DISH network last month became the first to launch high definition versions of IndiePlex and RetroPlex. 

While the average number of subscribers for the year improved versus last year, we continued to realize subscriber 
losses in the fourth quarter as we did in the second and third quarters. However, there were signs towards the end of the 
year that the subscriber numbers had begun to stabilize. In particular, we saw improvement in the sale of Starz 
subscriptions in certain communities that had been particularly hard hit by the general economic downturn and where 
subscriber losses earlier in 2009 had been especially pronounced. 

We are hopeful that in the general – as the general economy improves, the subscriber numbers will follow. In addition, 
we have reached agreements with nearly all of our major affiliates that will ensure that our services are included in their 
marketing campaigns in the coming months to a greater degree than in 2009. 

Most of the subscriber losses came from affiliates with contracts that are fixed in nature and therefore, do not 
negatively impact our revenue. Among the affiliates where we share the revenue from added subscribers, we realized 
aggregate subscriber gains in 2009. This combination contributed to the increase in total revenue and revenue per 
subscriber, even though the total number of subscribers declined in each of the last three quarters of 2009. 

Turning to Starz Media, our business units in 2009 continued to make progress, even in a challenging economic 
environment. For the year, revenue increased 13% to 364 million, adjusted OIBDA improved from a negative 189 
million in 2008 to a negative 93 million in 2009. The improvements resulted primarily from the increased revenues 
from movies distributed by Overture films as they reached the home video, premium television and syndication 
markets. Costs declined largely because Overture released fewer films in 2009 than in 2008. 


Nevertheless, we recognize that significant challenges remain for Overture, and we are currently evaluating strategic 
alternatives for it. While a final decision has not been made regarding the future of Overture, we do not expect it to 
incur annual operating losses in the future of the same magnitude that it has experienced in recent years. 

Now I'll turn it back over to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Thanks, Bill. Turning to Liberty Capital, during the quarter, Liberty Capital revenue increased 18% to $154 million 
while the adjusted OIBDA deficit decreased 29% to $76 million. For the year, revenue increased 6% to 649 million and 
the adjusted OIBDA deficit decreased 41% to 175 million. 

Taking a look at Liberty Capital's liquidity picture, the Liberty Capital group has attributed cash and public investments 
of $7.9 billion. This is as of 12/31/09, and it includes the SIRI stake and has attributed debt of 4.3 billion. This does not 
include the $158 million intercompany loan to Liberty Interactive. From November 2 through January 29, Liberty 
purchased 82,000 shares of Series A Liberty Capital common stock at an average price of $22.94 for total cash 
consideration of $1.9 million. Cumulative repurchases, hence the reclassification of this tracking stock, represent 
26.2% of the shares outstanding. 

Now, with that I'll turn the call back to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Great, Chris. Thank you very much. So let me also thank Mike and Bill stepping in for Chris Albrecht for your updates 
on the Starz businesses and the QVC business. Let me briefly... 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Greg, yes, sorry. I was on the call the whole time. You guys could not hear me. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media 
Corporation 


Yes, we couldn't. Obviously, there was a technical glitch. Well, we'll... 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

My apologies. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media 
Corporation 

Not your – not a problem. Bill ably stepped up and handled the quarter's results. Let me talk briefly about the year 
ahead, and as you can see, the changes in the attribution of debt and assets between Liberty Interactive and Liberty 
Capital are effective immediately, and we view them as positive, as I mentioned, for both trackers. We believe it 
positions both trackers positively for the future to focus on the drivers of value that are critical to each. 

These include, at Liberty Interactive, focusing on receiving full credit for our premium retailers, QVC and our group of 
eCommerce companies, continued growth at both QVC and those eCommerce companies, rationalization of the public 
assets that we view as non-core to Liberty Interactive on an efficient basis and opportunistic acquisitions and new 
ventures, like the things we're doing at LOCKERZ and The Right Start. 

And at Liberty Starz, which as I mentioned, was unaffected by the changes in this attribution, we're going to focus on 
operational execution and building cost-effective programming, including originals to differentiate the channels for the 
benefit of our consumers. And we're going to determine the effective uses of the large cash balances and borrowing 
capacity at Liberty Starz. 

And lastly, at Liberty Capital, we look forward to continued growth at SIRIUS XM and Live Nation. We will focus on 
rationalizing the non-core holdings that are there, and we'll again look at the effective use of capital, reducing debt, 
shrinking equity, opportunistic investments in both debt and equity. We appreciate your continued interest in Liberty. I 
recognize, particularly this quarter with the attribution it may take more work to stay involved. But we hope we're 
making it clearer, cleaner and better for you. 

And with that, stay tuned. We'll thank you for listening. I'll turn it to the operator and open it up for questions. Thank 
you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from David Gober with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Gober>: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. One kind of big picture question for Greg and one on Liberty 
Starz hopefully for Chris. On the big picture question, in terms of reattribution, it seems like almost all of the Liberty 
Media LLC parent company debt is now at LINTA, although there's still a little bit left at LCAPA. 

Is there any consideration here that longer term, this makes it easier for either Liberty Interactive or other pieces to be 
hard-spun. And I guess, longer term, Greg, what's your view on the tracking stock structure, and do you think it's more 
or less a permanent construct? And then on Liberty Starz, I'm just curious if Chris could give us an update on the 
Disney relationship and any changes there and how you view the Netflix distribution model as well? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: So I'll go first, and 
you're right to note that almost all of the LM LLC debt is now in LINT, the exception of that being the Time Warner 


exchangeables which have a 2013 put and call relationship. And are – just to be clear for those – are more than 
adequately covered in value by the underlying stock we own in TWX, TWC and AOL. So in effect, you can think of 
those in our minds as we do as defeased by the underlying equity value. It's not a technical defeasance, but it's a 
practical defeasance. 

Whether the long-term structure of the trackers is the perfect one, I think we've always said, or I've said that the 
trackers offer lots of flexibility, tax advantages and a bunch of other advantages in thinking about our business, but 
they're unlikely to be the structure that yields the highest value of the assets. 

So while there may be benefits in the interim and in for some period in having a tracking stock structure, which we 
obviously believe because we have it, ultimately, to get full value for an asset, you are likely to need to put it in a 
condition of an asset backed security. 

You've seen our strategy heretofore has been in effect to do that. We have – looking back now over six years, we spun 
off LMI and created Liberty Global. We spun off Discovery Holdings, created Discovery Communications, another 
free-standing entity. We spun off our interest in LEI to merge with DirecTV. All those create flexibility. Whether that 
means that we break these trackers or ultimately spin other assets away, we have no plans today. But building 
flexibility, understanding that ultimately we're going to need to put assets in our shareholders' hands to get flexibility, 
that's part of our goal. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: With regard to 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Let me let you talk 
to Chris, go ahead. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yeah, with regard to your first question about Disney, Starz has enjoyed a long and successful 
relationship with Disney. We're in discussions actively about continuing that relationship well into the future, and we 
have every reason to be confident that we will be able to do that with an arrangement that closely mirrors the current 
situation. With regard to Netflix, is that the second question? 

<Q - David Gober>: Yes. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: We think it's extremely important to continue to try to expand the distribution partners for the 
Starz and Encore networks. "New media" partners are certainly opportunities that exist presently and in the future. At 
the same time, we need to make sure that whatever agreements we have with them take into account and protect and 
respect the long-term historical relationships that we have with our traditional distributors and suppliers. And I think it 
would be honest to say that the current agreement could be improved with regard to that. And as we look forward to 
continuing our relationship with Netflix or any new media partners, we're going to focus very heavily on the big 
picture. 

<Q - David Gober>: And I guess because you mentioned your other distribution partners, just curious if you could 
update us on – I think some of the agreements that were scheduled to expire maybe were still month to month like the 
Comcast Encore piece and the Time Warner Cable arrangements, which I think were up at the end of '09. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Yes, we are in very productive discussions with Comcast, and I think there is a real willingness 
on both sides to ensure that that relationship continues contractually, again, well into the future, not just for carriage of 
the networks, but for the marketing and monetization of that relationship. 

With regard to Time Warner, I'm hopeful that the many strong relationships that we all have with the management at 
Time Warner Cable will allow us to be able to get into a much more productive relationship with them, and I think it's a 
real opportunity for both companies. Obviously for us, but at the same time, the premium television business is one 
where we only make money if the operators are making money. So for there's a mutually beneficial opportunity here. 
And we are talking to Time Warner Cable and I think those discussions will hopefully heat up and increase their 
intensity over the next couple of weeks. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great, thank you very much. 


Operator 

Thank you, and our next question is from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks so much. A couple questions. First, Greg, I was just hoping to clarify the balance 
sheet for LCAPA. So I'm not sure we can do this on this call, but let's give it a shot. So you reported face value of the 
debt in your press release at 12/31 of 4.22 billion and 1.4 billion of that is going over to LINTA and 838 million of that 
is related to the Sprint collar which is going to unwind between now and July. So it seems like that – really, that debt 
level is a pro forma $2 billion. And you reported 3.2 billion of cash, and you've got... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Wait a minute. 
Let's stop there. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: So I've got a couple 
of people who are much more knowledgeable than I am in the room, thank goodness. But I think about it this way. You 
– our – we've got the exchangeable debt that is being moved across obviously eliminated. You've got the exchangeable 
debt remaining behind, which is the Time Warner exchangeables, which I mentioned already, are in our view, covered 
by the Time Warner underlying stock – Time Warner family underlying stocks, both TWC and AOL and TWX itself. 

You have the $750 million facility we have with Deutsche Bank, which is, for accounting purposes is treated as fully 
drawn; but as practical matter I believe we have about 340 million of it drawn today. And that is offset on the asset side 
by subdebt and senior debt in TMT companies that we've invested in, and we have a positive – not only a positive 
carry, but we are more than covered by the gains in the investments we've made against that debt. 

So in my mind that is effectively covered. Obviously, the world could change, subdebt could – we could do, we owe 
that money. But that is effectively covered as well. And then you have got the Sprint collar which we've borrowed 
against. As you may recall, because we wanted to insure our liability against certain financial institutions, Doug. And 
so that money is effectively covered as well, because the collar is actually larger than the underlying borrowings. 

That is the, other than some minor pieces of – I think we have, like the money up in – we've gone to – up in Canada, 
some minor pieces on Starz Media, that is effectively the debt of Liberty Capital. Those three groupings are – there's 
under $100 million of other debt. I think it's 50ish, right Chris? Is that correct? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: It's $150 
million. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: 150 million? Other 
than that? Other than those 


<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: There's 838 
million under the collar loan, the investment fund facility is 750, and of course, some of that money is sitting in 
restricted cash. Over half of it, and then a little over 1.1 billion Time Warner debt and then the 150 other. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Right, so excuse 
me, 150 of other. I was a little light there. I apologize. 150 of other. That is really – the 150 of other in my mind is the 
non-defeased non-covered portion of the debt at Liberty Capital. Go ahead, Doug. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: All right. So we've got essentially almost, virtually no debt at Liberty Capital pro forma. I'd 
have to adjust my assets a little bit, but that's fine. On the cash side, you reported 3.2 billion. You obviously have some 
cash going out the door, but you also have 158 million coming in from QVC, and you still have the Wild Blue cash 
coming in, correct? So essentially, pro forma cash around [inaudible] 



<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Wild Blue cash is 
in. The Wild Blue cash is in, you have other cash which will be coming in, which as we noted, that Liberty Interactive 
will repay its loan to Liberty Capital, but that balance is 135. Is that right? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: 158. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: 158 million excuse 
me. A good thing we have people to keep me honest. 158. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Okay. So you essentially have 2.5 billion of pro forma cash and virtually no debt, because 
your debt is covered by assets. And I guess I'm just -? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Go ahead, Chris. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: It's important to 
know that there's about 400 million plus of restricted cash from that investment fund facility that's sitting in other 
assets. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Understood. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: So the point to 
make there is when you take the 400 and the sub-debt, right, it covers the – that covers the 750. The way I think about it 
though is really, we have only – utilizing 340 and the assets cover that. There is a complete match between the drawn 
debt and the restricted cash for the balance. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Understood. Again, so you virtually have no debt at LCAPA, sort of pro form all these asset 
allocations. You have 2.5 billion of cash. So what level cash now with the reattribution changes that you've made do 
you need to have at LCAPA? How much would you consider sort of excess cash, and what's the plan in terms of share 
purchases versus pursuing Live Nation and others? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: We have – I think 
the liabilities other than the debt that we have there are really tax liabilities. Now we significantly reduced pro forma 
the tax liabilities for Liberty Capital with this transaction, because all of the tax liabilities related to either the early 
retirement of certain Sprint exchangeables back in 2009 or the other future or the other future reductions already taken, 
that is now with Liberty Interactive. 

So just looking at Liberty Capital for a sec, you significantly reduced tax liabilities. Tax liabilities fall into two 
categories broadly. One is related to the Sprint derivative and the short against the box there, and the other is the gain in 
SIRIUS. I do not believe it is likely that we will trigger the gain in SIRIUS. There is virtually no scenario I can think of 
that my Chairman would let me even talk about doing that. 

So you're talking about something – we are either likely to, somewhere down the road find another way to get liquidity 
in SIRIUS or become a purchaser of SIRIUS. I think we've talked about that in the past, those are the logical 
alternatives. So you're left with looking at the other liabilities that might come due. And we obviously need to keep 
some cash balance on that. And you're looking at what else we might invest in over time, and that's really our choice. 

As I mentioned, investing in our own equity, investing in our own debt, which would mean effectively the Time 
Warner debt in this case, investing in other companies' debt and other companies' equity. We obviously think our 
equity is attractive, but I would note some of the other investments we have made have turned out pretty attractively as 
well, like SIRIUS. So I'm not going to pre-judge which way we're going to go with any of that money. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: All right. And then the question for Chris, and I apologize to my peers for the length of the 
question. But just quickly, Starz outlook for EBITDA in 2010, any sense – obviously people are nervous that TV 
spending could take away from the core EBITDA growth of the business. Could you give us any sense of where you 
think 2010 will come out? 


<A - Chris Albrecht>: Sure. As we said, or as Bill read, we think we're well-positioned for 2010, and we certainly 
expect to meet the targets that we set for ourselves. There is a unique challenge I think the need to invest in additional 
original content to help position the networks, both with the affiliates and with the consumer, and we intend to do that. 
But at the same time, we do not want to negatively impact the P&L growth that we've predicted. 

So we are actively working on innovative methods to be able to increase the amount of spending that we can handle on 
the original side and accomplish both goals, and we are confident that we will be able to ramp up at the scale that we 
need to with the kind of programming that's going to be important for the continued health and growth of Starz 
Entertainment. And at the same time, protect and potentially even improve the things that we're projecting. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Glenn Curtis is the 
CFO at Starz, as you know. Glenn, you might reiterate what – Chris says what we've said or reiterate that he's 
endorsing what we said. What are we talking about, projecting for growth next year – this year, 2010? 

<A - Glenn Curtis>: As we previously had said on a call, 5 to 10% was the range that we gave. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: In cash flow and 
OIBDA growth. And we're still comfortable with those numbers. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question is from James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Chris, a couple for you. I mean, you 
clearly, at HBO, you were known for driving original content. Can you talk about how much original content you think 
Starz really needs to have, particularly as it sounds like with the shutdown of Crash you're at one hour-long drama. Do 
you expect that we should – that you'll be replacing that going forward? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Sure. The job of programming any of these premium services, I think is to create value and also 
differentiation from the other entries in the category. I never felt that the pay TV game was a ratings game; it's really 
more an attitudinal game with the subscribers and with the operators. 

So we intend to have a yearlong presence in original programming, and we're talking about and working on having a 
brand that feels cohesive with the other pieces of the network on the theatrical side. And I would expect that while it 
will take us a little while, you know that these things just don't grow on trees, to ramp up to the full complement of 
what we're expecting to do, I think between series and mini-series type events or other forms of long form 
programming, we'll have a full complement, hopefully by the end of 2011. And as I said before, we expect to be able to 
do that with some innovative financing methods so that we can continue to meet our growth targets. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: And HBO, you were part of a much larger portfolio of cable content assets. Can you talk about 
the pluses and minuses of Starz essentially being a standalone? 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: Well, I think they would be what you would expect. On one hand, you don't have to worry that 
there's someone else who is mucking up the relationship with the distributors or content suppliers that you're going to 
have to be drawn into. At the same time, it would be fair to say that a standalone operation has some challenges in 
terms of leveraging other strengths with the distributors. 

Having said, that I think the most important thing for us now is to create a vibrant brand for the Starz networks. Encore 
is a terrific product that the distributors and the consumers enjoy and like very much. So we feel very good about that, 
and I think if we can take Starz and make it the network that we plan to, we're going to have the appropriate leverage 
and the appropriate relationships with the necessary suppliers and distributors. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Thank you. And our next question is from Bridget Weishaar with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to clarify this reattribution and its impact on 
the Liberty Interactive. So my understanding is cash flow increased by 807 million, debt will increase by 1.4 million, 
the Live Nation asset will be eliminated, and the part I'm confused on is you have that 830 million in net taxable 
income that resulted from a cancellation. Can you just explain exactly how that got generated, and how we should 
recognize it on the financial statements? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: We retired in 2009 
some of the Sprint exchangeable debentures. There was both COD income and prior tax liability for deductions taken, 
i.e., interest deductions taken larger than cash payments made, that under the new tax laws that were adopted in 2009, 
caused those to be recognized over a five-year period, and so that is how we get the numbers we're showing out in 
future years. 

We expect to be taking in that taxable income, okay, in years 2014 to 2018, because under the – some of the law 
changes that were related to the stimulus package, they extended that period for five years. You've got a holiday and 
then you recognized your COD and related income over a five year period. 

One thing that's worth noting is, that this will even be cash-flow positive in those years, because the interest deductions 
taken in those years will be larger than the taxable income generated. Because these Sprint exchangeable debentures 
and Moto exchangeable debentures that are being transferred or reattributed across have that feature, they will actually 
generate tax deductions, i.e., interest deductions larger than cash interest paid in excess of the amounts being 
recognized here. The $830 million being recognized over the five years. So I don't think from a cash flow perspective it 
will still be negative. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Okay. And then how will that be recognized on the financial statements now? What impact 
would it have? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: Well, basically 
a lot of these – these liabilities are already reflected in deferred taxes, and so we haven't finished running. I guess in the 
first quarter, you'll see the movement of the balance sheet accounts amongst the tracking stock groups. But you'll see 
movements in deferred taxes from one group to the other. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Okay. And then one last quick clarification, the GSI and the low vote IAC, you said that it 
generated 220 million in cash. Is that recognized for Q1 Q of mix? Can you give me any indication? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: That's GSI. GSI 
was 220 alone, and IAC was, Bill, do we have that number? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Just over 50 million in the first 
quarter. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: In Q1, recognizing 
we've been selling in prior periods, in Q4 and the like, we've sold more. In Q1, it's 50 million, which obviously won't 
be recognized until we report the Q1 financials. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Got it. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. And next we'll hear from Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 


<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thanks for taking my question. Firstly, on Q3, you had a great impact on new customer 
activity at Direct and Dish from the channel repositionings, and it looked like that probably accounted for a 
disproportionate amount of the benefit in that quarter. Q4 was so strong, I assume you were probably good across the 
board, with most of the MSOs. 

And given that, and how attractive people find QVC once they sample it, would you be tempted to do another 
campaign paralleling what you did with IDO on the IQ, do you? That's my first question? 

And the second question is WorldSpace. It looks like there are a number of angles you could take with that? And then 
thirdly, I too got a little confused on some of the shifting. Does the full 830 on the movement of the deferred taxes 
happen right away on the balance sheet between the respective trackers? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Yes, it does. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Okay, great. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Just the last 
question, so then we'll let – Chris, do you want to talk about – excuse me, Mike, do you want to talk about QVC and 
then I'll come and talk a little bit about WorldSpace. 

<A - Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc>: Sure. When you look at the strong new 
name growth in Q4, I'd attribute it to three or four primary factors. Number one is, we just put out a set of product 
offerings that really appealed to new customers. Keep in mind that at any given point in time, we have ten 
non-customers watching QVC for every customer watching QVC. So when we get it just right and get the right kind of 
products that have high appeal to new names as we did in Q4, you can really get explosive growth without any 
additional advertising or other support, just by people coming by the channel. That's the number one driver. 

The number two driver, I do think we've been helped by the good work of our affiliates team and improving our 
channel positioning in DirecTV and EchoStar, Dish, as well as getting us more HD placement. We're up to 25 plus 
million HD subs. So we've done a number of things to improve the quality of our real estate on the TV dial. 

And I think the third factor is we have never in our history had the level of publicity, buzz, PR coverage around what 
we're doing as we had in Q4. And so we aim to keep up all three of those. I certainly can't promise that we'll get the 
kind of growth we got in Q4, but we feel good about our ability to attract new names. 

I wouldn't think about it necessarily as an expensive paid advertising campaign. I think for us, we're finding that 
combination of, get the right products out there, continue to optimize channel positioning, and then drive energy 
excitement around the brand. A lot of it with unpaid media, basically buzz, but also continuing to optimize page search, 
continuing to optimize natural search, doing some forms of direct marketing. I think all those things come together to 
help us sustain that kind of growth in new customers. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: On WorldSpace, 
we are – it's an evolving relationship. We are currently a lender to WorldSpace, to the debtor in possession adding 
because we purchased a loan and have extended some DIP financing to that. We have had discussions about a broader 
relationship that are not yet resolved. Our interest in that, and frankly, it's somewhat of a venture capital type play, 
could take several forms. 

We obviously like satellite radio. We think it's a great property. Could there be opportunities for satellite radio outside 
of the United States? We're certainly looking at that. In addition, WorldSpace has L band spectrum in virtually in every 
place in the world except for the U.S., Japan and South Korea, and it's got a couple of satellites in the air that might be 
of value. And beyond that our views – our plans are evolving. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 


Thank you. Your next is from Jason Bazinet with Citi. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thanks. I apologize if I missed this in the flurry of numbers you gave out, but as of the third 
quarter, at least I have 2.178 billion of net deferred tax liabilities at LCAPA. Did you say how much that deferred tax 
liability is going down as a result of the transfer? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: We did not say 
that, but it's going down by about roughly a billion – 1.1 billion. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: 1.1 billion, okay. Thank you 


<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: And keep in 
mind, that deferred tax number is not a discounted number. For GAAP, deferred taxes are reported at their gross basis 
difference times whatever the expected enacted tax rates are, whereas the actual economics of this transaction were 
evaluated on a present value basis. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: And so there are four – when you go through all of those – I understand. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: When you're 
looking at these numbers. There's Liberty Capital in effect got paid for the discounted value of those future deductions, 
and you have this kind of perversity where Liberty Interactive is booking deferred taxes due, a great – the bulk of 
which is due in 2029 and '31, on its balance sheet today. And that's obviously a non-discounted, non-present value 
liability. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: As a result of 
that, Jason, once we reflect these numbers through the tracking stock schedules 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Yeah 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: There will be a 
pretty large movement from book equity from one tracker to the other. And the difference is largely due to this – the 
fair value, if you will, of the deferred taxes versus the book value. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Is another way of saying that the numbers that are reported on the financials, when you say a 
gross basis, is it doesn't reflect the time value of money? Is that the way to think about it? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller, Liberty Media Corporation>: That is 
absolutely correct. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. And next we'll go to Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you comment a bit more 
about the Live Nation investment, and in particular, you guys have described this as an investment. I just wanted to 
clarify, of all of the things that you can put money into that you have available to you out there, your view is that Live 
Nation is the best, or was there other some strategic or secular things that drove you to do that? Perhaps something in 
conjunction with your stake in SIRIUS? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Well, when you put 
it that way, is it the best possible thing we could do with the money, that's a high bar. We obviously think that it's an 
attractive investment among the alternatives. We think that the merger in which we already have – the merged 
company, in which we already had just under a 15% stake is attractively positioned, and owning more of it is a positive. 
Whether there are more strategic things that down the road we can do in the music space, that's the glorious dream. 


We have assets which have and relationships with companies in various forms that have a lot to do with music, starting 
with SIRIUS XM, but even going to DirecTV, which we have no obvious economic tie today, but we have pretty good 
relations with, and they are an important promoter of music. 

And whether those kind of things evolve, that's the glorious future. I wouldn't count on that. We like that, but we look 
at the numbers that they are producing on their own and think it's pretty attractive. Mark Carleton who's in the room is 
on the Board of the merged company. Maybe you can comment, Mark. 

<A - Mark Carleton>: No. I think we definitely like the business. We love the management team that they have in 
place and what their opportunities are, and we think what they are going to be able to put forth together is great for 
music fans. It should help drive the business as well. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. And then turning to SIRIUS, you commented about the options of either 
spinning off with avoiding the tax liability or purchasing SIRIUS. But SIRIUS stock obviously has taken a huge leg up 
just in the past few weeks, and with another investment you guys have at HSN when that stock ran, it did get to a point 
where you started to suggest that perhaps it was pricier than your appetite was. Is SIRIUS at that level, or can you even 
go there and comment on it? I know it's a year ahead of the standstill, but can you comment on your view of SIRIUS 
value now? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: I think the 
comparison is just a little bit false in the sense that, on the HSN one, we sit with a comp, a better performing, stronger 
comp. And while we like the HSN business, we have one called QVC which outperforms it and is undervalued 
compared to it. So it's hard to look and say, gee, today our best use of capital would be putting more money in HSN 
versus more money in QVC given the relative performance and the relative valuations. 

In the case of SIRIUS, there is nothing out there like it. It has a unique position obviously in satellite radio, but it also 
has a relative unique position about being a scale media company, which is growing at enormous rate, both good 
topline growth and excellent bottom-line growth through synergies related to the merger and opportunities around that. 

So what's fair value on that is a lot harder to calculate, because there's nothing out there, as I said, like it. There is 
nothing out there that is growing as quickly. You saw they reported their number this morning. The blip that they had 
in operating losses from 2008 to operating income in 2009, it was over a $900 million swing. That's a pretty good run. 
And I don't think Mel's quite predicting that big a number for next year, but it also still has a – his forecast is for very 
good growth, again, above anything else in the media space. So it's a little hard to make the call. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, and then one final question, just turning to Starz. I think you said in the discussion of 
revenues that there was some benefit from non-affiliate fee sources; I think sales of programming, perhaps other 
networks or DVD sales. I was wondering if you could give us any sense of the quantification of that, and if Chris, if 
you – obviously, HBO did great with this or has done great with it. What's the opportunity to ramp-up more of this type 
of revenue at Starz? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer, Liberty Media Corporation>: Let me just stop – 
step in, Chris, and say we are not making public the scale yet. It's not material to the overall business yet, but we're not 
making scale yet in the public of those ancillary revenue sources. Obviously it's an area that we think has opportunity, 
and I will let Chris pick up on how he thinks that is going to work in the future. 

<A - Chris Albrecht>: I think the opportunity for Starz to grow revenue off the content businesses will come primarily 
from being able to distribute that content in other areas. I've felt for awhile that it is probably not as important to 
outright own the IP as it might have been – as people might have thought in the past. At HBO, we certainly grew a very 
large revenue driver off of the original content that was put on the network. But it was a different time with different 
opportunities and different realities in some of the ancillary markets. 

So we want to fund this in an innovative way that is going to allow us to retain some valuable off-Starz distribution 
rights. But at the same time, our primary goal is to make sure that we're investing the appropriate amount of money to – 
for the health of the networks and ancillary revenue off of those products is not the primary driver of our investment. 


<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. Great. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

So operator, with that, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We've gone more than an hour, but I guess we 
had a fair amount of stuff to cover today. Thank you for your continued interest in Liberty Media, and we'll talk to you 
next quarter, not before. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. Thank you for attending, and 
have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


