Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 
• Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz 
Other Participants 

• Barton Crockett 
• James Ratcliffe 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• Matthew Harrigan 
• Thomas Eagan 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Jason Bazinet 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

This call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future financial 
performance, new service and product launches, the anticipated split-off of the Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz 
Groups and other matters that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve many risks and 
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements 
including without limitation, possible changes in market acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, 
regulatory issues, continued access to capital on terms acceptable to Liberty Media and the satisfaction of the 
conditions to the proposed split-off. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Liberty 
Media expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any 
forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto 
or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note, and Schedules One through Three can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 

And at this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you. Good morning to all of you and thank you for your continued interest in Liberty Media. Today, on the call 
we have with me our Controller, Chris Shean; QVC CEO, Mike George; Starz CEO, Chris Albrecht and other 
Executives are available. 

I'm going to start on slide 3, highlighting our second quarter events that we thought were noteworthy. It was a very 
solid quarter driven by strong operating performance across our operating businesses and good work by our 
management teams. At Liberty Interactive, QVC again displayed strength in its operations. The U.S. OIBDA margin 
was 25.4%, the second highest in the company's history. We continued Internet growth at the business. QVC.com 
revenue grew 21% year-over-year and makes up now 32% of U.S. sales. We also experienced good international results 
despite the strength of the U.S. dollar. 

Our eCommerce companies posted 15% revenue growth, which were strong results given the choice we made to 
change our non-transaction revenue program, NTR. Those choices reduced the revenue and more dramatically 
impacted our adjusted OIBDA. We expect that change will continue to impact revenue, and even more dramatically 
OIBDA, for the balance of 2010 as we previously have discussed. 

We also at Liberty Interactive continue to strengthen the capital structure, reducing debt and extending maturities. We 
retired $479 million principal amount of our 5.7% 2013 bonds through tender and open market purchases as of July 26. 

At Liberty Starz we had solid results despite a substantial programming write down. We continue to see positive 
sequential trends in subscribers. In July we successfully premiered Pillars of the Earth. We've also announced the 
prequel for Spartacus and are happy to carry on with this very successful series. And we reached a comprehensive new 
affiliation agreement with Comcast, our largest distributor. 

At Liberty Capital, SIRIUS XM posted strong financial results driven by good operating performance including 
583,000 net adds, improved conversion from free-to-pay and churn reduction down to 1.8%. We continue to buy back – 
a strong buy back program at LCAPA and repurchased $344 million worth of shares from May 3 to July 30. We 
applied the proceeds from the settlement of certain of our equity collars to reduce debt by $379 million. As of the end 
of the quarter Liberty has no equity derivatives outstanding and all related equity debt has been repaid. 

And lastly at Liberty Corporate, we announced the plan to split-off Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz from Liberty 
Interactive. Post this split-off, Liberty Interactive will become an asset backed stock. We continue to make progress on 
this split-off. We recently have submitted our request for a private letter ruling with the IRS. You may note that we 
filed a related lawsuit on our debt last Friday. We did this to clarify certain aspects of our indenture position. 

A bondholder had alleged that the split-off will violate our indenture because the split-off assets are quote, substantially 
all, unquote of our assets. We don't agree. We felt however that it was important to get this to a swift resolution in order 
to remove any doubt; therefore we filed suit. The split-off will not happen until we get a successful resolution to that 
lawsuit. Anticipating a question that might arise from an investor, the lawsuit may affect the timing of the ultimate 
split-off, but we still are targeting a Q1 completion of the split-off. 

With that, let me turn it over to Chris Shean our Controller to talk about LINTA's financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive Group's revenue increased 6% to $2.1 billion in the second quarter while adjusted 
OIBDA increased 4% to $428 million. QVC, the primary driver of results amongst the Liberty Interactive attributed 
assets, increased total revenue by 5% to 1.8 billion, while adjusted OIBDA increased 9% to $403 million. Liberty 
Interactive's other eCommerce businesses grew revenue 15% for the quarter. Most of the eCommerce companies 
posted an increase in revenue, however, overall revenue growth was partially offset by lower commission revenue 
earned when customers sign up for third party online discount services; that's the NTR that Greg was referring to. 

During the first quarter, we made the decision to change the way we handle those particular promotions and these 
changes, as he mentioned, are expected to continue to adversely impact commission revenue throughout 2010. 


Adjusted OIBDA for the eCommerce businesses decreased 36% for the second quarter and represented 9% of revenue 
in 2010 as compared to 17% in 2009. 

Revenue earned from the commissions had significantly higher margins than normal product sales, and therefore the 
reduction in this revenue more negatively impacted adjusted OIBDA on a percentage basis. Furthermore, our increased 
marketing expenditures helped grow revenue and new customer names during the quarter, but negatively impacted the 
adjusted OIBDA margin. In addition, more costs were incurred associated with our two start-ups, and given the stage in 
their operations, very little revenue at this point. All of these negative impacts offset product-related adjusted OIBDA 
growth that was achieved by our eCommerce businesses. 

Now let's take a quick look at Liberty Interactive's liquidity. At the end of the first quarter the Group had attributed 
cash and public investments of $3.4 billion and 7 billion in attributed debt. In the second quarter, Liberty Interactive 
completed a successful tender of its 5.7% 2013 bonds, and through this tender and subsequent open market purchases 
through July 26, $479 million principal balance of these bonds had been retired. 

QVC's total debt to adjusted OIBDA ratio, as defined in QVC's credit agreement, was approximately 2.4 times as 
compared to a maximum allowable leverage of 3.75 times. QVC's gross leverage is down significantly from its peak in 
2008. 

Now with all that background, we'll hand it over to Mike George for additional comments specifically on QVC. 

Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thank you, Chris. I'll provide some additional detail on our results in each market and then conclude with some general 
comments about our direction. 

In the U.S. we grew revenue 4% and adjusted OIBDA 10%. And we were very pleased with our revenue growth in 
light of the more difficult economic environment and we drove a significant increase in adjusted OIBDA yield. We saw 
outstanding results in our kitchen, cooking and dining, and household categories, as well as continued strength in 
accessories. Consumer electronics slowed considerably consistent with the industry wide slowdown in the CE sector. 
Given the slower margins, however, this had a greater impact on the top line than on the bottom line. 

Our U.S. eCommerce business continues to outpace overall internet retail sales with growth of 21%. QVC.com now 
represents 32% of the U.S. business, up five points from last year; now, that's the second highest quarterly jump in web 
penetration that we've ever achieved. And products that have not been featured on air recently are now over half of our 
eCommerce business, evidence that we are capturing incremental purchase occasions on QVC.com. 

We continued to add new customers in the U.S. at a strong pace and revenue from new customers increased 17% in the 
quarter, our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth from new customers. We reduced inventory levels 10% 
from the prior quarter putting us in a good position to chase hot product categories in the fall and holiday season, and 
unlike most other retailers we did not need to turn to heavy markdowns to bolster the sales line. 

Our 150 basis point increase in adjusted OIBDA yield was driven by improvements in initial product margin, 
reductions in freight and obsolescence, and tight expense control. We also successfully completed the renegotiation of 
our agreement with GE Money Bank, the provider of our QVC proprietary credit card. The new agreement is 
substantially different than our previous deal. Under the prior agreement QVC received all the income from the card 
and incurred all the bad debt expense and we paid GE a fee per active account for their services. 

Under the new agreement, QVC and GE share the card income and bad debt expense and GE funds the portfolio. On a 
pro forma basis, if this agreement had been in place over the prior three years, our adjusted OIBDA would have been 
approximately 20 million to 25 million lower per year. Nonetheless, the overall net economics of the new agreement 
will not have a material negative impact on our cash flows since we recovered our non-interest bearing cash deposit 
with GE of 501 million. 


Now, we're delighted that we've been able to renew this agreement, which runs for five years beginning August 2, at 
essentially neutral economics and with increased balance sheet flexibility. In this difficult credit environment, we see 
this as a strong endorsement of our business and our QCard program. 

Now turning to international, we saw strong results in our existing markets with revenue up 8% in local currency and 
adjusted OIBDA up 9% excluding our Italy startup expenses and 5% including Italy. The UK turned in an outstanding 
quarter. Revenue increased 8% in local currency with particular strength in beauty, fashion, jewelry and some areas of 
home. Adjusted OIBDA grew 16% in local currency driven principally by strong gains in warehouse and customer 
service operations and tight fixed cost management. 

Germany posted revenue growth of 7% in local currency driven by good results in beauty, accessories, consumer 
electronics and small appliances. Despite the strong revenue growth, adjusted OIBDA yield fell 140 basis points in 
local currency, driven about equally by a reduction in initial product margins due in part to the mix shift to consumer 
electronics and an increase in the obsolescence rate due to unfavorable inventory fluctuations. However, we are very 
comfortable with our overall inventory levels which are down from the prior year. The team is focused on improving 
the product mix for the back half to drive more balanced revenue and profit growth. 

Japan had another terrific quarter with 10% revenue growth in local currency driven by gains across our health, beauty, 
fashion and home businesses. Adjusted OIBDA grew 14% in local currency, driven by a reduction in carriage 
commission expenses as we successfully re-negotiated several contracts along with improvements in customer service 
and warehouse operations. 

In Italy we incurred a $5 million loss as we prepare for our October launch. We have substantially completed our 
headquarters facility, recruited a high caliber team, received extensive positive press coverage about our entry and 
secured for our launch several prominent local brands supplemented with powerhouse global brands like Bare 
Escentuals and Lexicon in Beauty and Dell, Bose, Dyson and KitchenAid in Home. 

And with that background by market I'll close with some general comments on the business. We have said all along 
that we expect the economic rebound to be slow and uneven and that we will stay centered on the same core goals 
through the ups and downs of the recovery. First, to create a highly differentiated destination shopping experience, one 
that drives loyalty for the long term, founded on compelling exclusive products and entertaining programming, 
engaging in multimedia platforms and a personalized service experience supported by a state-of-the-art technology 
platform. 

Second, to outpace the same-store sales rates of our traditional brick-and-mortar competitors and grow eCommerce 
revenue faster than overall internet retail sales as we both capture greater share of spend from existing customers and 
increased revenue growth from new customers. 

Third, to maintain tight operating control over expenses and inventories, improve productivity, and respond quickly to 
what's working in the marketplace. 

We achieved each of these goals in Q2 despite the worsening economy, including improving our competitive 
positioning, driving strong profitability. And we achieved a few firsts, including passing the 2 billion revenue mark in 
worldwide eCommerce revenue on a rolling 12-month basis and increasing the count of new customers joining QVC in 
every market we operate in for the first time in at least five years. 

As we look to the back half of the year, we'll stay focused on these priorities as we strive to gain share and drive 
profitable growth. We're focused on creating fresh, exciting assortments and engaging programming for the fall and 
holidays so we'll create a reason to shop. 

In the U.S. for example, in Apparel and Accessories, we'll be launching several hot new fashion labels including 
K-Dash by the Kardashians and Mod by Janie Bryant, the well-known costume designer for Mad Men. And as we've 
previously announced, we're premiering Liz Claiborne New York, which QVC will sell exclusively. 

These additions will complement some of our newer lifestyle brands, including Isaac Mizrahi and Rachel Zoe. And in 
September in a major expansion of our fashion week presence we will be cosponsoring Fashion's Night Out in 


partnership with Vogue magazine, the City of New York and the Council of Fashion Designers of America. It's one of 
the biggest global fashion events ever undertaken and QVC will play a prominent role. As part of the festivities, we 
will be launching a pop-up store in Rockefeller Center among other activities to build excitement about our brand. 

In Beauty, we've just launched a new partnership with Sephora to introduce and build awareness for exciting new 
beauty brands like Tarina Tarantino. This complements other planned or recent Beauty launches including Neutrogena 
Skincare, Bliss Spa products and Fresh Beauty. 

In Jewelry, we recently launched new lines by Hidalgo, Cat Deeley, Melania Trump, Christie Brinkley, and in the fall 
we're launching our National Gem Gallery in partnership with the Smithsonian along with a new jewelry line from 
Priscilla Presley. 

In Cooking, we'll be launching a new celebrity chef series featuring Gordon Ramsay, well known for both his Hell's 
Kitchen series and his MasterChef series that premiers this summer along with Lidia Bastianich, David Burke, and 
Tyler Florence. These chefs will complement strong programming with our current partners, including Rachael Ray 
and Paula Deen. 

In Consumer Electronics, we're especially excited about our upcoming launch with Sony's Move and Microsoft's 
Connect gaming platforms and we plan to take advantage of the explosion of the tablet category with offerings ranging 
from the iPad to the upcoming Dell Streak. 

And we were delighted with the results of our 48-hour Christmas in July event which we held a couple of weeks ago. 
And with a 14% sales increase over last year, we saw customers respond to new products and innovative designs in 
several categories, reinforcing our belief that if we focus on newness, innovation and entertaining programming, we 
can drive sales and gain share this holiday season. 

We also continue to enhance our multimedia platforms and QVC is now available on all three screens. In Q2 we 
launched the second version of our iPhone App, which provides a high-def live stream of our show and easy 
click-to-buy ordering along with our first Android and BlackBerry apps and we have several new apps coming up in 
the next few months. 

On the TV side, we launched our simulcast on ITV in the UK at the midnight hour and in Japan we began a simulcast 
with one of the leading VS digital channels for an hour a day. And in the fall, we'll continue to expand our TV 
presence, most notably in the UK and Germany, where we'll be launching second channels that will feature the "Best 
of" content and expose QVC to more consumers. 

And with that I will turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Let's take a look at Liberty Starz. Liberty Starz's attributed revenue grew 4% in the second quarter to $311 million, 
while adjusted OIBDA decreased 1% to $103 million. At quarter end Liberty Starz had attributed cash and public 
holdings of $1.1 billion and attributed debt of 46 million. 

With that summary, I'll now have Chris Albrecht comment specifically on Starz Entertainment and Media. 

Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz 

Thanks, Chris. Good morning. Starz Entertainment had another strong performance in the second quarter, marked by 
solid quarterly revenue results and a second consecutive quarter of subscriber gains on both Starz and Encore. Also as 
Greg mentioned, we entered into a new multiyear affiliation agreement with Comcast. 

Revenue with Starz Entertainment of 308 million represented an increase of 4% in comparison to the same quarter from 
a year ago. Adjusted OIBDA grew by 2% in comparison to the second quarter from last year to 107 million. The 


average number of Starz subscription units decreased by 3% in the second quarter of 2009 but increased by 200,000 
units for the second quarter of 2010 versus the first quarter of 2010. The average number of Encore subscriptions 
decreased by 1% in the second quarter of 2009, but increased by 800,000 units for the second quarter of 2010 as 
compared to the first quarter of 2010. Of this increase, approximately 80% of it comes from fixed rate deals. 

Despite continued levels of economic uncertainty for consumers, the value proposition of our channels and services has 
proved resilient in the marketplace and has driven our business performance. 

At the end of the second quarter we announced a new multiyear agreement with Comcast that consolidates our prior 
separate Starz and Encore affiliation contracts into one new and more comprehensive arrangement. The new agreement 
extends and expands our business relationship with Comcast for all of Starz Entertainment's channels and advanced 
services. Of note, Comcast has introduced all three of our authenticated online services: Starz online, Encore online and 
the newly launched MoviePlex online service. We're actively engaged in discussions with other affiliates regarding 
similar TV-everywhere initiatives. 

Shifting over to Starz original programming, we're pleased to note the solid performance of The Pillars of the Earth, 
which debuted in July. With Pillars we achieved record levels of participation from Starz affiliates in offering free early 
sampling of the first two hours of the original series. Robust sampling with our affiliates reflects well on the awareness 
our originals are receiving with both affiliates and consumers, and ultimately assists in building an audience with 
existing and prospective Starz customers. 

Also just prior to the debut of The Pillars of the Earth, we introduced a landmark iPad app with Penguin Group, 
publisher of the Follett novel. The first-of-its-kind application integrates video elements from the TV series with other 
multimedia tools optimized for the popular device. This business extension generated meaningful publicity and was a 
very cost effective promotional tool for highlighting interest and awareness in the series. 

Now looking to 2011. Our Starz original schedule will be the Spartacus prequel, called Spartacus: Gods of the Arena; 
Camelot, which is in production and for which we will retain all U.S. pay-TV rights including digital and also the home 
entertainment rights; Torchwood, a new 10-episode series of the BBC hit franchise for which we announced acquiring 
the U.S pay-TV rights; and the second season of Spartacus. The half hour comedies series Party Down and Gravity will 
not be returning for additional seasons. With respect to Party Down, we love the show, it had critical support and we 
were proud to have it on our network. However, it did not find enough of an audience to justify a return for an 
additional season. 

As we have shared with you previously, Starz Entertainment is exploring several different financing models to fund our 
acceleration into the originals space. We've had meaningful and constructive dialogues with potential partners, but 
please note that this process could take several more months before reaching its ultimate resolution. 

Now on the Starz Media front, revenue for the quarter decreased to 84 million from 90 million in the second quarter of 
last year, while adjusted OIBDA decreased from a positive 17 million last year to a negative 54 million during the 
second quarter of 2010. Significant portion of the adjusted OIBDA change was due to approximately 42 million in 
impairments of production costs related to various titles due to lower theatrical, home video and television revenue than 
had been originally anticipated. The remaining decrease in adjusted OIBDA is due to the number and timing of films 
released theatrically and on home video and television by Starz Media and Overture Films and the corresponding 
fluctuations of theatrical, home video and television revenue and related expenses associated with these films. 

Subsequent to the conclusion of the second quarter, Starz Media entered into an agreement with Relativity Media, 
allowing for Relativity to take over the distribution and marketing operations of Overture Films. Two-thirds of 
Overture's employees transitioned over to Relativity and Overture will release its remaining three films through a new 
distribution services agreement with Relativity. 

We also continue to evaluate strategic alternatives for the remainder of Starz Media's businesses and do not expect it to 
incur annual operating losses in the future of the same magnitude that it has experienced in recent years given our 
decision with respect to Overture. We'll certainly keep you apprised as it relates to those efforts. 


With that I will return the call back over to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Thanks, Chris. Let's take a quick look at Liberty Capital. During the quarter, Liberty Capital revenue increased 1% to 
$200 million while adjusted OIBDA was a negative 59 million. Liberty Capital Group has attributed cash and public 
investment of 7.6 billion and attributed debt of 2 billion. From May 3 through July 30 of 2010, Liberty repurchased 8 
million shares of LCAPA common stock at an average price of $43.11 or a total cash consideration of 344 million. 
Cumulative repurchases since the reclassification of this tracker represent 34% of the shares originally outstanding. 
Now with that I'll turn the call back over to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Chris, and thank you, Mike and Chris, for your updates on your respective businesses. We feel that our 
business has posted good operating results in the face of a challenging consumer economy. We don't expect that that 
uncertain macroeconomic environment is likely to change in near term but our management teams will stay focused on 
the factors under their control. 

At Liberty Media, we are going to continue to make progress on the spilt off of Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz. At 
Liberty Interactive, we continue to have focus on excellent execution at QVC and the eCommerce companies. I'd note a 
couple of points. The eCommerce companies continue to gain share in their respective businesses which may have been 
masked by the change in the NTR programs, but the underlying strength in the businesses was good. And at QVC, I 
was pleased with the new name growth, with the progress we're making at QVC Italy and the continued growth in the 
internet elements of the business. I'd also note that we will continue to reduce debt at Liberty Interactive, in part 
because of the program that Mike George outlined regarding our new credit card facility. 

At Liberty Starz, we're also going to continue focusing on operational excellence and building cost effective original 
programming using a strategy to differentiate our channels for the benefit of our distribution partners and the 
end-consumers. We've made tremendous progress regarding the 2011 schedule as Chris Albrecht noted. And as I 
mentioned before, we're very focused on what to do with the large cash balances at Liberty Starz. We are determined to 
come up with an effective use of that capital. 

At Liberty Capital, we have the same element, a large cash balance and we're very focused on what is an effective use 
of capital there. You've seen, in part, our continued share shrink as we believe the shares are attractive. We've also 
believed we'll benefit from the continued growth in SIRIUS XM. And we'll focus on rationalizing our non-core 
holdings. 

So with that let me thank you for your continued interest in and support for Liberty Media. We hope you'll stay tuned 
for the next quarter. And we'll open it up for questions, operator. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Up first is Barton Crockett, Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. Thank you for taking the question. I was wondering if you could at first address 
Interactive, and I noted your comment that you're looking to launch second channels in some of the countries abroad 
and I've also noted that HSN is looking to launch a second channel here in the U.S. I was wondering if you could talk a 
little bit about why you're launching second channels abroad and if there might be an opportunity to do something like 
that here. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll let Mike comment on that, but I would note 
that the structure of many of these other markets in terms of what distribution would it take to get incremental 
distribution, the cost and the scale is very different. Particularly in the UK or other markets with DTT there are lots of 
more cost effective ways potentially to achieve incremental distribution. But I'll let Mike comment in particular on the 

U.S. market. 
<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Yeah. I'll just add to that that the reason we 
chose UK and Germany for the second channel is exactly as Greg mentioned, relatively low cost to get incremental 
distribution. These will be largely recorded, previously recorded content, some original content but largely leveraging 
content off the main channel. UK second channel will focus primarily on beauty and Germany will be more mixed but 
with a heavy focus on beauty. 

We think these taped channels provide modest revenue potential. So, I don't want to overstate the impact. And the key 
is to be able to do it at very low cost. 

In the U.S. we may at some point explore a second channel but I would say it's a little bit lower down on our priority 
list just because – again, the equation for us in terms of amount of revenue potential relative to cost and caliber of the 
distribution is such that it's not as clear cut a case as it is in the UK and Germany. So we'll watch those two markets. 
We'll learn and optimize in those two markets and at some point we may consider bringing it to the U.S. but that's 
unclear at this point. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: A point I'd add is, Mike has noted in his 
comments, I mean, one of the ways that we're trying to grow this business is to extend the franchise and the value of the 
QVC name across many platforms. That could include incremental channels or it could include increased internet 
penetration as you've seen or experiments as we are in the UK with ITV broadcasting us late at night on a segment. 
We're not launching a new channel, but in effect we're getting airtime on a – one of the traditional main channels, 
broadcast channels there and an interesting experiment. So we're always looking for ways to do that, as Mike noted, 
cost effectively. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. And then if I could ask a question about the Starz tracker, I was wondering if 
you could detail the one-time hit from the shutdown expenses for Party Down and Gravity. And then if you have any 
comments about your ability going forward to cover your investment in new originals by a reduced spend on things like 
movies from Overture, perhaps the benefit from less, fewer films coming out of your big output deals with Disney and 
Sony. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So I'll let Chris Shean comment first on the 
write-downs. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller>: The charges for Starz Entertainment for those two 
series that we shut down was almost $5 million, close to; it rounds to it. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You want to go ahead Chris on the...? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Sure. With regard to whether or not we'll be 
able to fund the accelerated output of original programming, clearly our goal is to drive the value of the Starz 
businesses, and original programming is an important way to create more valuable and differentiated brands. And not 
only do we need to create the programming, we need to be able to fund the marketing of those programs. 

We think that we've come up with some interesting ways to approach how to fund those programs. As I said before 
we've talked to potential partners. Climates change with regard to the ancillary value of a lot of that program, so we're 
focused on not the programs itself but how it can continue to drive Starz's growth in the near term as well as the long 
term. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But I'd add, Barton, to Chris's point, you noted 
that longer term many of these deals, these output deals that we have, have a lower cost structure and that does create 
opportunity for us. It's a challenge for us on the revenue side to make sure we are growing both ARPU and subscriber 


count, but the opportunity on the cost side that's opened up by both lower spot prices, fewer programs – or rather films 
produced by the majors and the structure of the new deal creates room to either reinvest in original or bring incremental 
margin to the bottom line. And that's our goal, Chris's goal, the management team and Starz's goal is to mediate 
between those two positive attributes. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay. That's great. I'll leave it there thank you. 

Operator 

Next up we'll hear from James Ratcliffe, Barclays Capital. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking the questions. One related to Starz and one related to, 
sort of, a Liberty overall view question. When you talk about rights and doing collaborative deals, what sort of rights 
specific are you really targeting, is it just U.S. pay TV or are you interested in, say, U.S. DVD, later on streaming and 
the like? 

And, Greg, a more general one. When you look at buybacks, you clearly were aggressive with LCAPA, not so at 
Liberty Starz this quarter, how much of that is at a Liberty Media overall view that you think this is how much of the, 
say, Liberty Media, LLC cash we're willing to devote and then you look at which tracker looks cheapest at the moment 
and how of much of it really is a – do you think about a cash balance by individual tracker basis? 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller>: After you, Chris. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: With regards to the rights on the Starz 
programming, certainly pay television rights are important, but the way these services are packaged, we need to also 
retain the digital streaming rights. So those are ones that are crucial to us being able to build our business. With regard 
to the other rights, we look at them both globally and as a case by case basis. As I said, the ancillary markets have 
changed and we're going to try to make the best decision based on the analysis of the value of those rights with regard 
to the slate and each individual program as we go forward. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller>: James, on the second part of the question 
regarding cash balances, while there obviously is shared responsibility ultimately for the debt, we're very comfortable 
with the equity values and that's really become a non-issue. We let each of the trackers ride on its own bottom when 
thinking about equity repurchase decisions. The Board affirms that thinking with its head as if it were the Board 
representing Liberty Starz or Liberty Capital or Liberty Interactive. So I think we think of them each individually. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Deutsche Bank's Doug Mitchelson is up next. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks very much. So, Greg, I'm actually not going to ask you a Liberty Capital question 
this quarter, so I guess that says something. But – so, on Starz, a couple of questions for Chris or Greg. I think one is, 
was the growth for the last two quarters, quarter over quarter for subscribers coming from your fixed rate contracts or 
the contracts where you're paid per sub. I know last year you sort of had the positive where it was the fixed rate 
contracts where you lost subscribers, but what's the net impact in the first two quarters? That's the first one. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Well, the growth came from both fixed rates 
deals, and I'll let Bill Myers, who is President, COO of Starz Entertainment give you the specifics. He's got the 
numbers in front of him and his glasses on. 

<A>: Yeah. On the Starz side – this is just for the last quarter, we have been growing subs in our consignment side and 

– yeah, so basically what we've done in this last quarter is since we did our Comcast deal, they've taken advantage of 

the deal and pretty much all that growth has come out of fixed rate deals in the last quarter. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Last quarter, okay. Thank you. And then maybe, Chris, to help us with this TV budget issue, 
the way to go about it is can you give us a sense of where the TV programming budget for Starz was in 2009 and where 
it's coming out in 2010 and then we can sort of make some guesses where you might go in 2011 and beyond, at a 
percentage of programming costs or a dollar basis? 

<A>: Yeah, programming cost percentage. Well, we're increasing – I don't have the numbers... 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: It's probably easier to do it by hours, isn't it? 

<A>: Yeah, I mean we're ramping up to hopefully around 70 hours of programming a year. That is a significant 
increase over what Starz has done before. I would say that although that increase is probably a multiple of three or four, 
it will represent an increase in the original programming spend; it probably doubles the original programming spend 
and depending on how we look at the marketing that number will fluctuate. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But I could say if there's reluctance here, Doug, 
that's exactly why. We have been focused on, as Chris noted, several ways to take some of these costs, share them with 
partners, look at innovative ways to handle that. So, we know what the target of what we want to get done on the 
amount of original program, we believe it's helpful if not critical to differentiate the channel. How exactly it will be 
costed out and what we will pay for it and how much will flow through the income statement is still open to question. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Yeah. And I just want to reemphasize that 
we're committed to maintaining the growth at Starz and not having the investment in original programming change the 
trajectory of that growth. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Got you. And then last question, this one's going to be a little bit dicey. Disney indicated that 
it's protected on any renewal with Netflix in that it would participate in growth in that digital revenue stream that you 
might receive at Starz. Can you help us understand, is that a simple revenue share over a certain fixed point or is that a 
cost per stream? There's lot of debate about how you might approach the contract, but I know you're not going to give 
us anticipation what that contract might be, but the nature of whether it's per stream or just a simple revenue share 
would be helpful. 

<A>: Yeah. Projected in the sense that we have structured a deal that kind of maintains the premium nature of the 
service and that above a certain number of internet subscribers, they get an incremental, they get a license fee above 
that. So there's a certain number of subs that we get free and then above that they can play in on an incremental license 
fee basis. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But, look, I'd note that the Netflix deal is a 
relatively short-term deal, as we've noted. It was a tap in the marketplace and we'll see how that evolves. It's logical that 
our partners would participate in growth in that internet business at some point and we structured a deal we hope is a 
good partnership with Disney to do that. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Right. Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Next we'll take a question from Matt Harrigan, Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Firstly, we notice that you had more new 
customer activity at Q. I did notice that you were a little bit more visible on the image advertising side at the World 
Cup and Wimbledon and I'm curious if your thinking is evolving in terms of the efficacy of more marketing for Q to 
introduce it to new clients. 


And then my second question just relates to the deal you announced using Ensequence for EBIF and what the upside 
for Q is there. 

And then lastly on Liberty Starz, when you look at – you mentioned you retained the rights for home entertainment for 
Camelot. When you look at a fairly successful series, some of the HBO shows over the years, what would be the home 
entertainment potential for a mild hit or a breakout hit? I would assume that those are real dollars and if you could just 
put a broad color on quantifying that. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mike, maybe you could comment first on Q. 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Sure. On the marketing side, I would say our 
view that traditional TV and print advertising does not have a strong ROI associated with it, that view still holds. So I'm 
delighted that you saw the recent advertising and I would note that all of that came at no cost to QVC and as part of our 
long standing affiliate agreements whereby they provide us with some airtime. So I think that says we're doing a better 
job of how we get that airtime and the caliber of the advertising. But all of that is at no cost to QVC. 

That said, I would say that our marketing activities continue to pick up. But generally what we find is most effective is 
things that drive heavy levels of PR and we do a lot of event-based activities that draw celebrities, draw PR attention 
and we are carefully ramping up our online stand as we fine-tune the allied models for where we can play in 
internet-based advertising. So I think it's fair to say you'll see – I hope you'll see a continued pick up in visibility of 
QVC. But it will not result in a significant increase in paid marketing which we continue to believe for the most part is 
not highly advantageous for us. 

On the Ensequence deal I should note that Ensequence announced – made an announcement, QVC is not – QVC has 
not made any announcement about that. But nonetheless, as that announcement indicated, we are looking at launching 
an interactive shop by remote application in the U.S. We've had one in the UK for about 10 years. And as I've always 
maintained on these interactive applications, I don't think they drive significant incremental revenue. It's another form 
of convenience for the customer. What we've seen, the reason we decided to go forward is that we've seen both the cost 
of deploying the technology drop dramatically in the last year as well as obviously a pretty rapid expansion in the 
number of EBIF-enabled homes. 

So we just felt that the equation, not unlike the second channel discussion we had a minute ago, we felt the equation 
was good and that the cost to do it had fallen quite a bit and the availability had increased. So we're excited about it. 
We hope it might drive some incremental revenue. It may create some cost avoidance if it avoids a phone call to our 
live operators. But I think what it mainly is is a way to continue to get consumers – to continue to make the service 
available when and how consumers want it and to try to be flexible in terms of providing a variety of devices and 
platforms from which the consumer can experience the show. So I think all of this just continues to make us more 
relevant in the marketplace. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If I could add to Mike's point, I mean, we're 
seeing an enormous growth in our Interactive revenue called the internet. And it's the general purpose internet with 
people using devices that has seen the growth. And, Mike, you might comment in particular how in BSkyB we've seen 
a relative decline in the buy button compared to [inaudible]. 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Yeah, we have, we've clearly seen as the 
internet has taken off and mobile has taken off that in the UK, at least, our Interactive, the use of the buy button has 
declined over time. We continue to try to innovate on the buy button to hold those sales. But we're not losing those 
sales, they're just, they're going to the internet, and that's a more, in our view at least for now, that's more natural with 
our – we've seen from a very low base extraordinary growth and adoption of our iPhone and other smartphone apps and 
we're now seeing real sales from those apps. And quite frankly, if you're sitting on the couch watching TV, it's as quick 
to pull out your iPhone and in about two clicks have ordered the product than it is to try to learn how to use the remote 
control. 

So again, I don't want to – we hope we'll find some exciting interactive applications through the remote, I don't want to 
diminish that, or we wouldn't be doing it. But it is part of this broad line of our services. And if you kind of go through 


our priorities, at the very top of the list would be internet and mobile and then interactive in second channels would be 
a notch lower, but nonetheless something we want to experiment with. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: All right, Chris. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Yeah, with regard to the DVD, I mean, 
obviously the DVD business has been declining. But we do believe that those rights on successful series and miniseries 
are worth real revenue. And unlike the theatrical business where there has been a target ratio between box office and 
DVD sales, the TV business has been a lot less of a formulaic business. And with the research that we have been able 
to get, the information that we've been able to get shows that boxed sets of successful series and that type miniseries are 
holding up better than the theatrical marketplace is and we're going to get some first-hand experience in that because 
we are going to street the Spartacus DVD first season in September. So this is a little bit of new frontier for us, but we 
do look at these rights, as I said before, as opportunistic on a case-by-case and overall slate basis and we still think that 
there's value there with the right projects. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Good. Thank you very much. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

Now we'll hear from Tom Eagan, Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Super, thank you very much. First question is on Starz Media. I guess I was hoping you could 
provide some color on what may drive some of the revenue in the second half of this year. Is that mostly coming from 
film library. And then and to the costs with two thirds of the overhead going over to Relativity what will make up the 
costs, the cost side of that, the second half? And then I have a follow up. Thanks. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Revenue in Starz Media for the second half of 
the year will be driven mostly by the library and the current products that are out there on the Overture side, as well as 
three additional Overture titles which will be released, as I said before, through our new distribution services agreement 
with Relativity which is using the former Overture team. So they're very familiar with the films. With respect to the 
expenses going forward, as I said, we're evaluating all the strategic options for the Starz Media businesses and we're 
committed to trying to get the best result for the Starz Media shareholders as we go forward, but as I mentioned, we're 
looking at significantly less losses in the Starz Media category given the decision that we made on Overture. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. And so is Starz Media getting a distribution fee on the three films that are being released 
via Relativity? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: No, actually we have a distribution services. 
We – the ownership structure of those films remain intact. The only thing that Relativity is doing is distributing those 
films for us, so it's been able... 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Okay. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Right. So it's actually the reverse of what you 
said. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. Okay, and then in terms of the overhead, so now you only – Starz Media only incurs one 
third of the overhead – one third of the personnel that were transferred, is that right? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz>: Well, actually we're continuing to resolve the 
staff issues for the rest of Overture's business. Because now that we are not in the business of acquiring and distributing 
films, there is a lot of clean up that needs to be done, but the need for that staff going forward is for a very limited time. 


<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right, okay. And then on Starz Network, so clearly the margin was under a little bit of pressure 
in the first half because of higher programming and marketing costs. So what should we expect for the second half? 
Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, first, we remain comfortable with the 
estimates we set forth in, I believe it was November, at the time we launched the tracker. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Our 2010 estimate remains intact. We are – still 
think 5 to 10% growth, but we haven't changed that, so you can back into... 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Yeah. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Where we are. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question today comes from Douglas Anmuth, Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask a couple of things around QVC. Mike, 
first can you provide some more detail on the drivers of the U.S. EBITDA margins, and in particular just trying to 
figure out how sustainable these are going forward excluding the effects of the GE credit deal? And then secondly, 
could you talk a little bit about the trajectory of sales during 2Q and perhaps so far into the third quarter and how you're 
thinking about the back half? Thanks. 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Sure, Doug. On EBITDA, as I mentioned, we 
saw some enhancement in initial product margins as the mix of the business shifted away from some of the lower 
margin categories. As you know, I'm always loathe to try to predict product margins because it just really depends on 
what the consumer is engaged with; and so, if we see consumer electronics really explode in the back half of the year 
after a bit of a lull in Q2, and we are excited about some of the innovations that are starting to get to market – this was a 
very innovation-bare period, that would have one – make product margin look one way, but it would also probably help 
our sales line. So we'd probably be looking at a somewhat lower rate, but maybe more attractive sales. And if we're in a 
heavy apparel cycle we could see a little bit of the inverse. So I try to shy away from being real predictive around 
product margin. 

The other things that powered the EBITDA were a nice gain in – a nice reduction in the obsolescence rate. We'll 
continue to manage inventories tightly. Price saw a little bit bigger improvement in Q2 than we might see on an 
average basis. And then we just had pretty good leverage of our fixed costs, fixed cost line. So one way of saying – I 
don't know that every quarter we could see the kind of improvement in EBITDA rate that we saw in Q2, that's an 
unusually a high rate of improvement. But probably the biggest unknown for us is what's the product mix look like and 
how do you sort of trade-off sales growth versus product margin rate. And then as you noted, we do have to kind of 
adjust EBITDA going forward for the impact of the GE deal. 

In terms of sales trajectory, I also always hate to talk about sort of sales trends within a quarter because we're so 
influenced by the programming calendar that it's a little bit hard to get a read on it. But I think it's fair to say in Q2, 
April was the toughest month and that we've seen a decent improvement in the businesses as we went through the 
quarter. 

I don't know that that reflects any underlying improvement in the economy. I think it probably reflects more our ability 
to try to respond to what obviously became a bit of a slowdown in those months and try to adjust our product mix 
accordingly. So we were pleased with our ability to respond and to see some improving momentum as we went through 
the quarter. 


I'll shy away from commenting on in-quarter results just given our policy on that, although we did disclose that our 
Christmas in July event at the end of July was very strong. How predictive is that of Q4 sales? Again a little bit hard to 
say, but it did tell me that the consumer was a bit bored with the summer and with all the sales at traditional retail; and 
when we put on a lot of innovation at Christmas in July we got a really terrific result with the 14% growth that 
weekend. So we're going to continue to try to present that sort of innovation and if we can, power some sales in the 
back half. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Great. If I could just follow-up real quickly on the GE situation, and obviously I understand 
the positive effects in terms of cash and everything going forward, but how should we think about this in terms of 
revenue? That part seems a little cloudier. 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: There's no material impact, but, Dan or Carl, 
do want to just comment on that? 

<A>: Well, I think what we can expect going forward is hopefully as the economy recovers a reduction in the bad debt 
rate, which is about 8% on that portfolio. And we did increase the APR on the card beginning of the year and we've 
seen some revenue growth from that. So I don't think we'll see much acceleration in the growth. The portfolio itself has 
grown by about 20 million from end of the year. Average account balances are up slightly and I guess in the current 
economic environment we're seeing a little bit more revolving activity on the card. So, hard to predict how that will 
play out for the balance of the year. But I would say the portfolio is performing well right now and will continue to do 
so. 

<A>: And, Mike, I would add also that the income from the card is not captured as a component of revenue. It's a 
reduction of SG&A expense. There shouldn't be any impact to revenue on the top line. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: If I could add one more thing on the operating 
margin. If you look historically over the last couple of years, Q2 has tended to be a seasonally high operating margin. I 
don't know whether that's product mix or what, but we tend to have the highest operating margins, or among the highest 
operating margin in Q2. So, that's where when you look sequentially that that's a great way to best test. 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Yeah, I agree with that. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Okay, that's great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And our final question today will come from Douglas Anmuth, Barclays Capital. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Didn't we.... 

Operator 

I apologize. Our final question today comes from Jason Bazinet, Citi. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Jason. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thank you so much. How are you? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: I have a question for Mr. George on QVC. Earlier this year at the Analyst Day you were kind 
enough to sort of share with us the trends in the bad debt expense and the write-off rates of the QCard as well as Easy 
Pay. I think in the release that you issued this morning you said that the bad debt expense did tick up a bit. Is the same 
thing true for the QCard and the Easy Pay write-off rates? 


<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Dan, why don't you to take that one? 

<A>: Yeah, I mentioned a minute ago that the bad debt rate on the QCard was about 8%. That's up from about 7.4% 
last year. And I believe for the year-to-date period up about 2.4 million in write-offs on the QCard. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. And can I... 

<A>: Quarter prior. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: And can I ask a conceptual question – this is going to sound negative and it's really not meant to 
be. When I sort of think about how well you guys performed in the downturn and how well you are performing now 
relative to sort of the buy side's expectations and I listen to the number of new customers that you're getting, is it 
possible that you all have sort of found a new sweet spot, if you will, by being a bit more flexible in terms of credit 
you're willing to extend to people or whatever other screens you use in terms of credit scores? In other words, in an 
environment where other retailers are being more restrictive and scared, you sort of opened up the envelope a little bit. 
Is that a fair characterization or would you say that's a misguided notion? 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC>: Well, I would say, we extend credit in two 
ways, one is through our QCard, and we have not fundamentally changed or loosened up the screening, and if anything 
on the margin, it's probably a little tighter as we went through the recession. We were already fairly tight so we didn't 
have to respond as aggressively as other people did. And the usage of our QCard has been about stable or even down 
slightly. So I would say that as a general statement, while people are revolving more, to Dan's point, we're not 
fundamentally increasing the usage of credit on the QCard. 

We do – the other vehicle we use is Easy Pay, where we will offer two to six installments on higher price point 
purchases. We have used that a little bit more during the recession and I think that's been an effective tool for us. 
Although having said all of that, at the conceptual level do I think credit access is meaningful in the story of our 
performance? Probably not. I wouldn't put that, in my own judgment, as one of the top drivers of getting incremental 
market share. I really do think that the core of the market share is driven more by the fundamentals of I think a better 
level of product innovation, more entertaining programming and really this focus on the internet. And when you look at 
that 21% growth in revenue from the internet in the U.S., that's really a huge number, meaningfully different from other 
people in this space. And I think that just is continuing to entice more people to – both get incremental purchases from 
QVC customers, but also entice more new customers to the platform. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, operator, with that, let us end the questions 
and we've gone the hour. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you to all who are listening for your interest in Liberty, again. And we look forward to seeing you next quarter – 
hearing from you. Thank you. 

Operator 

And that does conclude today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. We thank you so much 
for attending and have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 


have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


