Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 
• Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment 
• Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment 
• Glenn Curtis 
• Michael George 
Other Participants 

• Barton Crockett 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Thomas Eagan 
• James Ratcliffe 
• David Gober 
• Matthew Harrigan 
• John Tinker 
• Martin Pyykkonen 
• Murray Arenson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome, everyone, to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call 
is being recorded. 

This call includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future financial 
performance, new service and product launches, the anticipated split-off of the Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz 
Groups and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in 
market, acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, continued access to capital on 
terms acceptable to Liberty Media and the satisfaction of the conditions to the proposed split-off. These 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this call, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims any obligation 
or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect 
any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances 
on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary notes, Schedules One through Three can be found at the end of this 
presentation. 


At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much and thank you all on the call today for joining us and your continued interest in Liberty Media. 
Today speaking on the call besides myself we'll have our Controller, Chris Shean, the QVC CEO, Mike George; Starz 
CEO, Chris Albrecht. Also assembled here we have several senior Liberty, QVC and Starz Executives and we'll all be 
available to answer questions after the prepared remarks. 

So turning to slide 3 and the third quarter highlights, I think we had another strong quarter, with solid operating 
performance across our businesses, led by our strong management teams. We had good progress at the Liberty level, 
we think, towards improving our clarity and moving forward on some structural items. 

At Liberty Media, we filed the preliminary proxy for the split-off of Liberty Capital and Liberty Starz. Prior to the 
spit-off, the Time Warner exchangeable debentures, the principal amount of which is 1.1 billion, will be re-attributed 
from Liberty Capital to Liberty Interactive along with cash and the stock underlying the exchangeable, which is 
approximately 21.18 TWX shares, 5.5 million TWC shares, and 2 million AOL shares. 

Looking at Liberty Interactive, QVC again displayed good strength in operations. Revenue was up 7%, adjusted 
OIBDA was up 8%. Particularly notable was the fact that adjusted OIBDA included $9 million of start-up expense for 
Italy, which had not been in the prior year. As you may recall, we launched Italy on October 1. You'll hear more about 
all of that from our CEO, Mike George. 

The revenue growth at QVC was impressive in many ways. It outperformed the indices for the midmarket luxury, 
department stores, specialty and discount retailers. And notably once again, we grew QVC.com's business, the online 
portion of our business, much faster than comScore and the major video commerce competitor as we have for the 
several – last few quarters. 

Importantly, we continue to add new names, the feedstock for future growth, and on a structural level, we refinanced 
QVC's bank credit facilities, extending maturities, lowering rates and providing us more flexible security. QVC 
continues to reduce leverage. Since Q1, 2010, LINTA has reduced leverage by almost $1.4 billion. QVC's leverage 
ratio at the end of Q3 was approximately 1.9 times. 

And after the close of the quarter, in fact yesterday, we paid down an additional $250 million against the revolving 
credit facility, although I'd note we may need to redraw some of this prior to year-end. In the LINTA category as well, 
our e-commerce companies posted excellent 19% revenue growth. Once again, we outpaced comScore's e-commerce 
growth estimate for the third quarter of 9% by a substantial amount. 

Looking at Liberty Starz, adjusted OIBDA was down slightly year-over-year primarily due to the timing of certain 
marketing and release expenses and original programming expenses. Chris will go into those in further detail, Chris 
Albrecht. Despite that, we remain comfortable with our 2010 guidance, which we offered up in November of 2009, the 
guidance range of 3% to 4% growth in revenue and 5% to 10% growth in OIBDA, but I would note we think that 
OIBDA growth will be towards the low end of the range. 

We did also complete a new affiliation agreement with Dish, importantly a multi-year agreement. We increased 
subscriber counts, both sequentially and year-over-year versus declined at least some of the other premium categories. 
And we changed the attribution of Starz Media from Liberty Capital to Liberty Starz, better reflecting in our judgment 
how we operate the businesses. 

Starz Media results will be part of the attributed Liberty Starz income statement beginning in Q4, and the Liberty Starz 
balance sheet that we issued at the end of Q3 includes the Starz Media assets and liabilities. 

Lastly at Liberty Capital, SIRIUS|XM, the largest asset in Liberty Capital, once again posted very strong financial 
results, driven by excellent operating performance including 335,000 net adds, expect to end the year with over 20.1 


million subscribers. ARPU was up 6%. Churn was down to 1.9%. The conversion rate was up to 48.1% versus 46. 2% 
last year. And the SIRIUS stock price is trading at about $1.51 or .52, floating back and forth, which values our equity 
stake in excess of $3.9 billion. 

Also notably in quarter recap at Liberty Capital, we repurchased $156 million worth of stock from July 31 to actually 
October 29. So a little past the end of the quarter. And yesterday as was reported on the Live Nation earnings call, we 
completed the purchase of 22.5 million shares of LYV at 9.62 per share. We bought those shares from Mr. Diller, the 
former chairman, for total consideration of $24.4 million. And that increased our stake in Live Nation to about 15.8%. 
With that I'm going to turn it over to Chris Shean, to let him first talk about the LINTA financial results in more detail. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive Group's revenue increased 8% to $2 billion in the third quarter, while adjusted 
OIBDA increased 8% to $373 million. QVC, which is the primary driver of these results, increased total revenue by 7% 
to $1.8 billion, while adjusted OIBDA increased 8% to $369 million. 

Liberty Interactive's other e-commerce businesses grew 19% for the quarter. Overall revenue growth was partially 
offset by lower commission revenue earned when customers sign up for third-party online discount services. During the 
first quarter, a decision was made, as we had reported previously, that changed the way these promotions are offered 
which reduced – had the impact of reducing the revenue earned from these services. 

These changes are expected to continue to adversely impact commission revenue throughout 2010. Revenue earned 
from the commissions yields significantly higher margin than regular product sales, and therefore, this reduction has a 
more negative impact on adjusted OIBDA on a percentage basis. Furthermore during the quarter, increased marketing 
expenses helped grow revenue and new customer names, but negatively impacted adjusted OIBDA margins. 

Adjusted OIBDA for the e-Commerce businesses increased $3 million to 10 million total for the third quarter. During 
the quarter, we deconsolidated LOCKERZ based on a change in the governance of the entity. On an apples-to-apples 
basis, if you were to back out the LOCKERZ results from the prior year, Q3, 2009, adjusted OIBDA for the 
e-Commerce businesses was relatively flat year over year. 

Now, let's take a quick look at LINTA's liquidity picture. At the end of the third quarter, the group had attributed cash 
and public investments of $4 billion and $6.2 billion of attributed debt. QVC's total debt to adjusted OIBDA ratio, as 
defined in their credit agreement, was approximately 1.9 times as compared to the maximum allowable leverage of 3.5 
times. QVC's gross leverage is down significantly from its peak in 2008. 

Now, we'll have Mike George provide some additional comments on QVC. 

Mike George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thank you, Chris. We were very pleased with the strong and balanced results we achieved in the third quarter, with 
consolidated revenue increasing 7% and adjusted OIBDA increasing 8%. Every market showed strong gains in sales, in 
adjusted OIBDA, in the e-Commerce mix and in new customer growth rates. In the U.S., we grew revenue 7% and 
adjusted OIBDA 8% and OIBDA would have increased 10%, excluding the impact of the change in our QCard 
agreement. 

We saw strength across a number of categories, including kitchen, cook, floor care, domestics, holiday, consumer 
electronics, computers, apparel, accessories and beauty. Our U.S. e-Commerce business continues to outpace overall 
Internet retail sales with growth of 18%. QVC.com now represents 31% of U.S. sales, up three points from last year. 
But we also continue to add new customers in the U.S. at a strong pace, with revenue from new customers increasing 
11% in the quarter, our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit new customer revenue growth. 


Our adjusted OIBDA margin increased slightly driven by lower inventory obsolescence charges and improvements in 
customer service productivity. Partially offsetting these gains were higher marketing expenses associated with our 
Fashion's Night Out pop-up studio at Rockefeller Center. Adjusted OIBDA was also impacted by our new QCard 
agreement, which went into effect August 2. As we discussed on our last call, this new arrangement freed up a $500 
million receivable with GE, which was used to pay down outstanding debt and reduced our exposure to the potential 
bad debt of this portfolio. If the prior agreement were still in place, our adjusted OIBDA would have been $5 million 
higher. 

Turning to international, we saw outstanding results in our existing markets, with international revenue up 8% and 
adjusted OIBDA up 17% in local currency, excluding the impact of Italy start-up costs. The UK had another good 
quarter, following a strong rebound in Q2, with revenue up 6% and adjusted OIBDA up 9% in local currency. The 
apparel, beauty, gift and consumer electronics businesses were particular standouts. The improvement in adjusted 
OIBDA was driven primarily by fixed cost leverage. 

In Germany, we posted one of the strongest results in several years, with revenue up 9% and adjusted OIBDA up 25% 
in local currency. Growth in the home and accessories categories was especially strong. The adjusted OIBDA margin 
increased 210 basis points, driven by gains in initial product margins, as we shifted the mix away from consumer 
electronics, fixed cost leverage and lower inventory obsolescence expenses. 

Japan had another great quarter, with revenue up 9% and adjusted OIBDA up 14% in local currency. Our home, 
fashion and beauty businesses all turned in strong performances. Adjusted OIBDA margin increased 125 basis points 
driven primarily by reductions in carriage expenses, following the re-negotiation of several cable contracts earlier this 
year. 

We incurred a $9 million adjusted OIBDA loss in Italy, as we ramped up our hiring in preparation for our October 1 
launch. Now we've been pleased in these first few weeks since launch with the quality of execution in Italy and the 
positive feedback we've received from customers, vendors and the press on both the caliber of the programming and 
products. Initial sales have been a little softer than we anticipated, but we're encouraged by our week-over-week sales 
ramp. 

In contrast with our past channel launches, QVC Italy launched in a digital channel environment and we know it takes 
longer for viewers to find us in a digital lineup. We're also experiencing some issues with households receiving our 
channel. That may be impacting the visibility of our channel in up to half of our DTT homes. There are a number of 
issues behind that, but this will improve as Italy moves through the analog transition over the next year. 

We know that it will also take some time to find the right product mix and begin to build a repeat customer base, 
although we're encouraged that initial results are showing repeat buy rates consistent with those of new customers in 
other markets. And so despite these short-term challenges, we do remain very confident in the potential of the market 
and we continue to expect our 2010 full year OIBDA loss to be within our prior guidance of 30 to 40 million. 

And with that background by market, I'll close with a few overall comments on the business. Our customer growth 
funnel is strong, with worldwide revenue growth from new customers up 12% in constant currency, and every market 
achieving growth in both new customers and total customer count. 

Now we believe our sustained success over several quarters driving share gains relative to the retail market increasing 
spend with our existing customers, and growing new customer revenue at high levels, speaks to our progress in creating 
a highly differentiated destination shopping experience. We were particularly encouraged by the overwhelmingly 
positive customer and press reaction to our pop-up store and studio in Rockefeller Center for Fashions Night Out. 

We treated our customers to 17 hours of live programming over six days. Extensive community engagement through 
Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and qvc.com, multiple in-person customer events, and most importantly great products 
from leading designers, stylists and celebrities, including Isaac Mizrahi, Lori Goldstein, Rachel Zoe, Marc Bouwer, 
Janie Bryant and the Kardashians. This type of disruptive marketing and highly immersive customer experience clearly 
differentiates us from traditional e-commerce and brick-and-mortar competitors. 


And the strong results from the premiere of our Liz Claiborne New York apparel line, our National Gem Gallery 
programming, done through an exclusive partnership with the Smithsonian, and Chef Gordon Ramsay's cookware line 
all point to the power of exclusive products, compelling programming, engaging guests and unique stories. 

We also continue to enhance our multimedia platforms and drive strong e-commerce growth at rates that significantly 
outpace the industry. In Q3, worldwide e-commerce growth was 19% in constant currency, with every market 
increasing their e-commerce mix. We now provide our live programming on four screens, TVs, PCs, smartphones and 
as of mid-October the iPad. We also launched our second channel in Germany, Q Plus on September 1 and our second 
channel in UK, which features the best of our beauty programming, on October 26. 

And we completed a controlled customer beta of our new global e-Commerce platform, which we anticipate beginning 
to roll out in the first quarter. And in addition to the strong top line growth, we anniversaried a significant increase in 
adjusted OIBDA margin last Q3, with further OBIDA rate improvements in every market this Q3. These OIBDA gains 
reflect our constant focus on operating our business efficiently and maintaining tight control over inventories and 
expenses. 

And with that, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Okay. Let's move on to Liberty Starz. Liberty Starz attributed revenue grew 5% in the third quarter to $319 million, 
while adjusted OIBDA decreased 3% to $89 million. At quarter-end, Liberty Starz had attributed cash and public 
holdings of almost $1.2 billion and attributed debt of $99 million. These cash and debt figures are post the change of 
attribution of Starz Media to Liberty Starz. 

Now, Chris Albrecht will comment on events at Starz Entertainment and Media. 

Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment 

Thank you. The third quarter marked continued solid operational performance for Starz Entertainment, with positive 
revenue growth and another quarter of subscriber gains, albeit modest, at Starz and Encore. Overall, we are extremely 
pleased with our operating results and believe our business [inaudible] 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Hey, Chris. 

Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment 

Yeah. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

We're having a hard time hearing you. I'm not sure about the rest of the line. But when we did the test, it was fine, but 
now it's quite garbled. 

Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment 

Do you want to have Bill read it? 


Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Why don't we have Bill read it and see if you can find another line and if we get clarity, we'll have you come in. Bill 
should pick up, maybe back a paragraph. Thanks, Chris. 

Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment 

I'll go back and just start from the beginning since we got off to a little rocky start there. The third quarter marked 
continued solid operating performance for Starz Entertainment, with positive revenue growth and another quarter of 
subscriber gains, albeit modest, at Starz and Encore. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our operating results and 
believe our business has shown resilience in this soft and uncertain economic environment. 

Regarding Starz Media, we made significant progress during the third quarter in our stated pursuit of seeking strategic 
alternatives for certain non-core assets. Liberty also brought the financial structure of the two Starz entities more in line 
with their operational alignment through attributing the Starz Media assets from Liberty Capital to Liberty Starz 

Let's go into a little more detail on Starz Entertainment. Revenue at Starz Entertainment increased by 15 million for the 
third quarter to 316 million, an increase of 5%. Growth in subscription units with consignment deal-based partners, 
higher effective subscription rates and international television and home video revenue associated with original 
programs, primarily our Spartacus: Blood and Sand series, accounted for the increase. 

Adjusted OBITDA was relatively flat. Increased expenses associated with the original series The Pillars of the Earth 
and Spartacus, higher movie programming costs due to stronger box office performance from our first run output 
partners, and costs associated with revenue earned on original programs, including increased amortization accounted 
for the relatively flat OBIDA performance. 

The flag ship Starz and Encore channel subscriber totals both increased over Q2 '10 by 100,000 in the third quarter to 

17.4 million and 32 million, respectively. Additionally these figures represented the first year-over-year subscriber 
increase since Q1 of 2009. In October, we entered into a new multi-year deal with Dish network that expands the 
relationship with one of our largest customers. 
The Dish affiliation agreement offers distribution of all the Starz Entertainment's channels and advanced services. This 
agreement reflects the flexible approach we are taking with our affiliates by leveraging the strong mix of exclusive 
Starz movie programming and compelling Starz originals found across our family of channels and services. 

The new Dish network affiliation pack follows in the footsteps of last quarter's deal announcement with Comcast. Both 
agreements distribute our Starz online, Encore online and MoviePlex online services and leverage the increased 
industry roll-out of authenticated online TV everywhere initiatives. We are continuing to engage in similar discussions 
with other key affiliates. 

Looking at original programming, we were very pleased with the solid performance of the third quarter original event 
series, The Pillars of the Earth. In addition to positive critical reviews, and strong interest from our affiliates, each hour 
episode averaged more than 2.8 million viewers across all platforms. 

In 2011, our Starz original schedule will be as follows. The Spartacus Prequel, Spartacus: Gods of the Arena, we'll 
follow that up with Camelot, where we retain all U.S. pay TV rights including digital and home entertainment and 
Torchwood, which is a 10-episode series based off the hit BBC franchise. Given Andy Whitfield's unfortunate 
reoccurence of cancer a question marks hangs over our original programming plans, however, the fate of the second of 
Spartacus – which is the fate of the second season of Spartacus. 

Although we are exploring the option of recasting the lead character there is no guarantee we will wind up going that 
route. This does not reflect anyway bringing in our support for the property. To the contrary, because we have such 
great respect for the franchise's creative integrity, we take the challenge of recasting the role of Spartacus very 
seriously. We expect to make a decision later this quarter, and whatever it is, the decision will be a prudent one that 


factors in what is best for the show and best for Starz. 

As we have discussed, Starz Entertainment is continuing to explore multiple alternative financing models to assist in 
financing our acceleration into the original space. Meaningful dialogue with potential partners continues, but as noted 
previously, this process takes several months more – or will take several more months before we come to a final 
resolution. 

Shifting over to Starz Media, let's first review the financial performance. Revenue for the quarter increased by 33 
million to 89 million, while adjusted OIBDA improved from a loss of 71 million in the third quarter of '09 to a loss of 6 
million in the third quarter of 2010. The improved quarter revenue performance was primarily attributable to the timing 
and the number of theatrical releases at Starz Media and Overture Films along with the related fluctuations of 
theatrical, home video and television revenue and related expenses associated with these films. 

Given the shutdown of Overture Films, we do not expect Starz Media to incur future annual operating losses of the 
same magnitude as recent years. As mentioned, we made great strategic progress with Starz Media in the third quarter 
and in the same – and in the period leading up to today's call. 

On September 30 of 2010, a change in attribution of the Starz Media business from the Liberty Capital tracking stock 
route to the Liberty Starz tracking stock route went into effect and thus brought a cleaner financial and operating 
structure for the combined businesses of Starz Entertainment and Starz Media. 

Last month, we reached an agreement to sell the Film Roman Animation Studio to a group of investors led by former 
Film Roman President, Scott Greenberg. We are optimistic that that deal will close by the end of 2010. 

And in addition, we continue to look at strategic alternatives for Starz Media's remaining animation studio and we well 
keep you apprised of that progress as the quarter progresses. 

Now, I will turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President, Controller 

Thanks, Bill. Taking a look at Liberty Capital, during the quarter, Liberty Capital revenue increased 47% to $251 
million, while adjusted OIBDA was $25 million, primarily due to the number and timing of films released by Starz 
Media and Overture Films. The Liberty Capital group had attributed cash and public investments of $8 billion, and 
attributed debt of $1.9 billion. 

From July 31 through October 29, 2010, Liberty repurchased 3.3 million shares of LCAPA, common stock at an 
average price of $46.61, for a total cash consideration of $155.5 million. Cumulative repurchases since the 
reclassification of the tracker represent 36.6% of those original shares outstanding. Now the following items that you'll 
see in our 10-Q disclosures that will get filed later today, in 2009, Liberty settled various variable share forward sale 
contracts relating to Sprint and CenturyLink shares using borrowed shares. Liberty entered in to those contracts in 
2001, and received almost $1.2 billion in connection with the settlement of such contracts in 2009. Liberty treated the 
settlement as an open transaction and deferred approximately $1.2 billion of gain for income tax purposes. 

For financial statement purposes we recorded approximately $421 million deferred income tax liabilities for this item. 
In connection with its review, our 2009 tax return, the IRS questioned whether the gain realized on this settlement of 
the forward sale contract should be deferred. 

In October 2010, the IRS and Liberty reached an agreement with respect to this issue. This agreement resulted in 
Liberty making current federal tax payments of $210 million yesterday. For financial statement purposes, Liberty 
expects to record a current tax expense for this $210 million, and record a deferred income tax benefit of $421 million 
in the fourth quarter of 2010. 

As a result of this agreement, Liberty will be able to unwind the related share borrowing arrangements by delivering 
shares that it actually owns without incurring any additional federal taxable income. 


With that said, I will now turn the call back over to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Chris. And thank you to Mike and Chris briefly, and Bill Myers on the fill-in, for your updates on the 
respective businesses. I think we're looking at slide nine, the Q3 summary and outlook. I feel that our businesses 
continue to post strong results in the face of an uncertain economy. Our priorities as we finish 2010 and look forward to 
2011 include at Liberty Media continuing to progress – or make progress on the split-off of Liberty Capital, Liberty 
Starz. At Liberty Interactive exploiting what we see as the many QVC growth opportunities, including in new markets 
and across new platforms, as Mike George talked about, continuing to look for e-Commerce investments and 
acquisitions. We've mentioned our desires, but also our difficulties in finding those historically, and continuing to 
rationalize our non-core investments. 

Reality is we are focusing our business at Liberty Interactive on video and e-Commerce and things that don't fit into 
that portfolio as well and probably not part of the business for the long term. At Liberty Starz, we continue to hope to 
drive our cost-effective original programming to differentiate and strengthen the Starz business and brand. And we will 
evaluate opportunities for what to do with the cash and to improve our balance sheet management. 

At Liberty Capital, we expect to continue to deploy or invest our excess capital. You've seen us do that heretofore in 
investments, and in repurchase and I expect those will be the two primary vehicles going forward. And again at Liberty 
Capital, we have a select group of non-core investments to rationalize. 

With that, let me thank you for your continued interest and support of the company, Liberty Media. And operator, let's 
open it up for questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll go 
ahead and take our first question from Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Great Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to first ask about Starz, where it was a bit 
of a surprise to see that the rise in costs, but I was wondering from here, how do you see costs? Do you see them 
trending flattish or is there a continued step function like we saw in the third quarter over the second quarter? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Well. I'll give a more general 
view and then I'll let Bill Myers and Glenn Curtis, the CFO give the real answer. I think you're seeing that we have – 
one of the challenges with original programming is some lumpiness and the reality is we also have programming that's 
given to us by the movie creators in the form of the studios with whom we have output deals. 

And the timing of those can fluctuate, but we still feel good about the long-term trend that we will have increased 
leverage on our content businesses and content costs, if we're smart and clever about how we operate the business. And 
so while we – as I noted, while we see that lumpiness, we still feel good about the guidance we gave 12 months ago, 
albeit at the low-end. And not all the factors are in our control, but those that we can manage, I think we've managed 
well. Bill? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Yeah. I'm not sure there's much 
more to add there. I mean I think just for a little more detail, we had some movie content in this quarter from our outlet 
partners that was incredibly strong, things like Up and 2012. So it does put us in that position where we will have peaks 
and quarters where we have really good times and we showed fillers this quarter which was not – gave us a little bit 
more original content this period than we had in the prior years. But I agree with Greg overall, we still feel that we have 


the right programming mix with originals and first-runs That's 


<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Maybe you could just 
comment on the Spartacus launch as well because that had an impact on the quarter. Glenn, maybe you want to talk 
about that? 

<A - Glenn Curtis>: We released the DVD for Spartacus domestically on September 21, so we had costs associated 
with that release primarily marketing costs, and then also the intercompany distribution fees that we have on that with 
Starz Media. And so because we only had one week of revenue really in this quarter, we have costs that exceeded that 
by about $3 million. We would expect the marketing costs to set up future revenue in the fourth quarter. 

<A>: Great. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. And then if I could ask one other question on the other Liberty answer 
interactive tracker, one of the issues that came out of the HSN report was cost pressures, from really importing 
products, shipping pressures from overseas, which has been an issue for some other retailers. I know at HSN it was 
mainly in their catalogue segment, Cornerstone. Are you guys seeing anything like that or is there something about 
your model that basically shields you from those shipping cost pressures? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mike, do you want to cover that? 

<A - Michael George>: We're not seeing any meaningful pressure. Most of the in-bound freight in our model is paid 
for by the vendor. We do some direct importing, but it's a minority of the business. And we have good long-term 
relationships and so far have not seen any meaningful cost pressure. 

<Q - Barton Crockett>: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Douglas Anmuth from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. Two things for Mike, first, I was hoping if you could 
comment on the trajectory during the third quarter and what you're seeing here and thinking about in terms of macro for 
4Q. And then secondly if you could comment on the higher gross margins in Germany and just provide some more 
details there on what drove such a big lift? Thanks. 

<A - Michael George>: Sure. In terms of Q3, I try to shy away from kind of month-to-month comparisons because it's 
so influenced by our programming calendar. But I would kind of characterize the quarter as fairly stable overall. I 
wouldn't say there was an obvious trajectory one way or the other. As usual, I'll avoid any comments on our own 
business in Q4. So I don't have a lot to add to the holiday outlook for the industry other than kind of what we all saw 
with yesterday's same-store sales announcements. October was a fairly difficult month for the industry. 

And just from my reading of the external reports and what I'm hearing, it was some combination of the unusual weather 
spell, as well as I think folks just, in an uncertain economy, taking kind of a breather between fall spending and holiday 
spending and October can be like that. It can be a hard month to get a read on, because it's a little bit in-between. But 
that's my limited insight on the overall market and again I'll kind of shy away from the QVC references. 

In terms of Germany, the single biggest impact, I believe, was the reduction in the mix of the consumer electronics 
business. You may recall that in Q2, we had good top line growth, but we were not happy with our bottom line growth 
and felt that we had moved the business a little too aggressively to consumer electronics, and needed a healthier 
balance. So we've been working on that for several months and I think the team really did a nice job of rebalancing the 
business and stabilizing margins. 

The other secondary impact is that as part of sort of the long-term program to improve the health of the German 
business, we've been really improving our inventory management and as a result of that, reducing our mark-down 


levels. And we once again saw the percentage of business done at mark-down levels down in the quarter and the 
percentage of business done at full price up. So I think those are the two primary drivers of the margin boost. 

Actually, a third I would mention is we did see – our inventory levels came down and the way our obsolescence 
modeling works, if inventory is down, you'll incur less of an inventory charge. That element of it is heavily timing 
driven. When in the month or in the quarter do you receive the product, so that's a little more timing driven. The other 
two are more kind of fundamental to the mix of the business. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Tom Eagan with Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Great, thank you. I realize it's early, but I was wondering if you could provide maybe a little bit 
of color on the expected accounting treatment for any of the new partnership original deals. You know for example, 
would you think that the cash payment and the amortization would both be split by a partner? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is Greg. If you think about obviously we're 
early in those partnerships, the content partnerships. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Yeah. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the idea would be that, yes, we would – it 
would be very attractive financially for Starz on several levels. First we believe more scale and output of original 
programming is a positive. Sharing those costs and the amortization for those is obviously a positive as well in terms of 
us finding a known de-risked partner, a de-risked set of revenue streams for any original programming as we produce 
it. And then lastly, we think there's probably some upside in our receiving incremental revenue and fees from the 
partnership for distribution of the product across different platforms, including DVD. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think there are a lot of ways it could be very 
beneficial if we're able to complete that partnership. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: So with Camelot and Torchwood, are these series that you expect to be – share? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment>: This is Chris, Greg can you 
hear me? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Chris great, yes. It's clear now. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Okay. On Torchwood, it's 
pretty much a standard co-production deal, and the same thing with Camelot with some treaty money on top. What 
we're doing looking forward is to try to put together a structure that we can put all our original programming through 
and maybe create some one-off partnerships within that as well. But Torchwood and Camelot are things that we have 
looked at kind of outside what we hope to be a more holistic strategy going forward. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right, okay. And then I just have a question on the repurchase. Obviously the stock's been 
strong through the summer and the fall, and I can see why it's been hard to kind of maybe define the right price to 
repurchase it at. But is there anything structural that's prohibiting you or any reason why you wouldn't have bought 
back any of the shares so far in the quarter? 

<A - Glenn Curtis>: Tom, just to make sure this is – you're talking about shares of Liberty Starz? 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Yes, yes. 


<A - Glenn Curtis>: No, there's nothing structural. I think we've outlined some of the reasons why we're putting some 
of the pieces in place and some our thinking about what we want to do with the capital and that's probably been rather 
than dipping our toe in, we're trying to make some broader decisions 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right, okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go to our next question from James Ratcliffe with Barclay's capital. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Afternoon folks, thanks – or morning, I guess. Thanks for taking the question. Two of them. 
First of all I don't know is Chris on the call, was he able to reconnect again? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Yeah, I'm here. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Yeah. Hi. You've talked in the past about the prospects of being able to sell to – over the top 
services to various customers in various content. Can you sort of talk about some of the options you have in terms of 
how you'd put those packages together and what the variables around them in terms of timing and content of new 
versus library and the like would be? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Well, I don't know if you were 
at our Investor Day presentation, but what we showed was the various products that Starz Encore, MoviePlex packages 
are broken down into now and we also talked about achieving price parity for the same product across the distribution 
platform that includes traditional and new media distribution platforms. 

And so we're investigating our arrangements with all distributors, based on that product line and we're in conversations 
now with the appropriate people, some conversations early. Some people are early in their plans. Obviously there's 
been a lot of speculation around our Netflix arrangement and we continue to talk to them. So we're out talking to the 
appropriate people and we think we have the appropriate strategy. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: And Greg, one for you if I could. I know it's kind of unfair to ask a coach: so what do you do if 
you lose the game? Although it seems to be okay in politics to ask people what are you going to do when you lose the 
House, but in the event that you don't get a declaratory ruling in your favor in Delaware, what do you do then? What 
sort of appeals process do you have? And on the flip side, if you do get that ruling, what sort of appeals process or risk 
to finality could there be from one of the protesting bondholders? And I'm basically just trying to get a handle on how 
long someone could string this process out if they wanted to? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, when you're dealing obviously with a 
litigation process, there is no absolute certainty. Our hope would be for a fairly quick ruling some time in February, 
with the potential for appeals either way by ourselves or the other side. That might take – stretch it out to as late as 
May. What would we do? Well there are obviously a – first of all, we're confident in our case, but in the event that we 
were to lose on appeal, I certainly think there are alternatives we could imagine in restructuring the deal. 

The argument would be largely about have we, as under the bond covenants, removed substantially all the assets and all 
the businesses. So you could imagine situations in which less portions of the business are split off. That seems like the 
obvious remedy. I'm sure there are others as well. But May would be the time when we would think an appeals process 
would end. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 


And we'll go to our next question from David Gober with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Gober>: Thanks for taking the questions, guys. I guess this one's for Chris or Bill on the new Dish 
agreement. Just curious if you could talk about how the authentication works there? Is this going to go through Dish's 
TV Everywhere portal or whatever they're building or is it something where their customers have to authenticate 
through a Starz Play website or something like that? 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment>: Bill, why don't you take that? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: This will go through their portal 
and they'll handle all the authentication on their side. We are not establishing a separate location, if you will where they 
would exit and go to a Starz separate website. So, it'll be all handled inside the Dish network. 

<Q - David Gober>: And I know it's difficult to comment on individual deals, but I was just curious if you could give 
us any detail on, or any – I guess asked differently, were there any major changes to the structure of that deal or is it 
relatively similar to traditional deals that you guys have done with Dish? 

<A - Bill Myers, President and Chief Operating Officer, Starz Entertainment>: I guess the real positive is it's a 
relatively long deal, which is a positive for us. And what we have done with them that's a little bit different than where 
we are now is we have moved them more into a flat rate structure, with agreed upon increases that works economically 
for us and works economically for them. And allows them to use our products. So it's a little bit different than where 
we've been historically on the Starz side where we've been a consignment deal. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. And just, Chris, to clarify some of the comments that you made about new entrants into 
digital distribution, just curious if those conversations have gained any urgency or if some of these players have, seem 
to be closer to launching or closer to actually coming to market with a product or existing services that maybe have 
gained some urgency on acquiring more content. 

<A - Chris Albrecht, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment>: I certainly wouldn't use the 
word urgency, but I think that there's an increased level of activity as people start to focus their plans about how they 
will enter this space. So, there certainly are more than a couple of people to talk to, but any discussions are certainly in 
early stages. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. And I just had couple for Greg as well. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: [inaudible], please, because we don't want to have 
a monopolization of the queue. Go ahead. 

<Q - David Gober>: Sure, so just on-- to clarify on the Sprint piece, I think you mentioned that this allows you to 
basically unwind some of the – potentially some of the borrowed shares that you put on there. Does this also cover the 
2010 tranche of the hedges that come off or is that something that's a separate issue? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, our settlement with the IRS and our payment 
of about $210 million and releases of about $425 million of – $420 million of liabilities, it only relates to 2009. The 
2010 is still open and all the prior years will remain closed. So, this is only just related just to the 2009 and as you 
know, the release this year has – really has no impact economically, it just means we've settled the issue. We get no 
further benefits from the shares nor cost. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks. 

Operator 

And we'll go to our next questions from Matthew Harrigan, with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. One, can you talk – you've always had 
a lot of runway internationally being able to enter new markets after other people have gone in and haven't 


implemented as successful a business model. You've got some deep-pocket guys in Asia now, Korea, particularly, who 
are pretty aggressive. I know there are some markets that you just aren't going to go into for various governmental 
reasons, but can you talk about the acceleration of competition there? And then lastly can you give us more clarity on 
eventual share repurchase activity at LINTA? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mike, I'll let you handle the first part, maybe I'll 
get the second. 

<A - Michael George>: Sure. I mean, you're right that in Asia there are certainly some strong competitors that are 
trying to expand into new markets. Certainly a number of the Korean players have looked at – either looking at or 
expanding into China, India, Taiwan, other markets. I would say that's a consideration for us, but we do believe that if 
we kind of stay true to our model we can make it work. And when you look at it, we have almost never been the first 
competitor, maybe never. 

And usually we enter a market, including the U.S. market, a little after a number of other folks have entered. So we try 
not to get too distracted by what other folks are doing, although we certainly pay attention to it. We continue to stay on 
our agenda, which is, we'd love to at some point expand further in Asia. We certainly think China is a very attractive 
and promising market, although not without a number of difficulties and issues. 

We also love India, although, again challenges and it's probably a little further out. There are still places in Europe that 
we'd like to go like France. We'd love to get a foot hold in the Americas at some point like Brazil. So we continue to 
explore all those options fairly actively, but as I always caution when I talk about this, the timing of finding the right 
opportunity, the right partner, very difficult to predict and we really – we have pretty high standards as to what it needs 
to look like. And so we're okay waiting until the right deal emerges. So we continue to look seriously at international 
expansion in all those regions. In some of those regions there is more competition. But I wouldn't say that's a 
significant concern for us. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And on share repurchase, I think as a practical 
matter until a resolution of some of our issues around the eventual split-off, we're probably less likely to be doing share 
repurchase. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will go to our next question from John Tinker with Maxim. 

<Q - John Tinker>: Thank you. You mentioned you'd bought out Diller's stake in Live Nation and you're now up to 
nearly 16%. I wonder if you could just talk a little about how you see that business. I think they reported yesterday and 
the numbers were not strong. And how sort of intend to affect change given I think you've only got two Board seats and 
your limited as to which committees you can sit on at the moment? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think we tried to help out the former 
Chairman there by taking his shares and – but we still look at that business is interesting. And while there clearly is a 
transition there, we have a reasonably good size stake, the largest stake in the business. Two Board members as you 
noted, including the interim Chairman, who may wish to add any commentary on this. No? I think the direction of the 
business is that they have some challenges related to both the consumer environment, the current consumer 
environment, and discretionary spending as well some challenges related to technology and investments that they need 
to make on the ticket side, but that we think the business has some interesting long-term characteristics and is 
well-positioned. And we think the management team is on track to do some of the right things. 

<Q - John Tinker>: Thank you. 


Operator 

And we'll go to our next question from Martin Pyykkonen with Wedge Partners. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. Question on Starz about the capital structure considering the 
comment that was made about several more months to consider and evaluate different options, to set the expectations, 
should we be thinking that at least through the first quarter, maybe first half next year that you would stay basically 
unlevered and the capital structure would stay the same at Starz as we see it today until you do figure that out? Is that a 
fair assessment? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think we have said timeframe. I think we 
watch the long market, and the appealing rate at which companies can issue debt, including high yield issuers, and are 
quite attractive. And on the other hand we still have not yet entirely figured out what we would do with that 
incremental capital. So we're weighing those two pieces. But I don't have a set date. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Okay. And then one quick question on LCAPA related to SIRI, considering where SIRI is 
at over $1.50. I know you're not going to say if and when and in what manner you might do many more in terms of 
buying in or increasing your stake. Can you just talk kind of qualitatively about the NOL situation in terms of as the 
stock maybe continues to go higher, how you evaluate that imputed cost versus losing the NOLs or some portion, the 
sooner you might make a move rather than waiting to fully capture those, just curious how you're thinking about it. I 
know it's complicated from a buying standpoint. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. It's quite complicated as you rightly noted. 
There are several factors, that one of the factors is what's called the 3Bii limitations. The success of SIRIUS has sort of 
taken that off the table as an issue. Because their market cap has grown so large, the NOL becomes less of a factor in 
the weighting. So I don't think of that as much of an issue. 

There are a ton of issues around our contractual agreements with them about when we can increase our stake and how. 
There are some tax issues related if we were to ever go for a high percentage, how we could utilize those NOLs or 
whether they become what is known as surly, which would limit potentially our use of them. And as a practical matter, 
there's the reality that this stock has run an ungodly amount. And the valuation is – well, we have every confidence in 
this business. Valuations something you might argue they need to grow into. We shall see, but we remain very excited 
about the long-term prospects for SIRIUS. But it's less crisp about what we will do. 

<Q - Martin Pyykkonen>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our final question from Murray Arenson with B.G.B. Securities. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Yeah. Thank you and good morning. I just wanted to ask a couple related questions on QVC, 
just to try to get a feel for some of the newer technology things you have going on, the iPad app you mentioned, the 
mobile website. Talk a little bit about how those are going and how we might see an impact from those and along those 
lines, maybe as things get more electronic and Internet entwined, is there a – does that change at all your approach to 
customer service? Can we see some changes along that side of the equation as well? 

<A - Michael George>: Sure. We did launch our iPad app a couple weeks ago. So I encourage everyone on the call to 
download it and you can have QVC with you 24 hours a day. And it's very a compelling app and it's a fairly basic app 
at this stage. We'll do a lot to enhance it, but just that mobility element to our business, I think is very meaningful 
because it does mean that we'll just get more time with our customer, because she can now access us anywhere at any 
point, with a beautiful HD quality viewing experience and rich content as well. 

And we've barely begun to imagine the possibilities of that kind of a device. We're really making QVC a portable 
experience in both rich media and content. And we will be launching our mobile optimized – the next version of our 


mobile optimized website in a few weeks along with another round of specialized iPhone apps that target specific 
customer niches. And I think that's sort of the next-generation of these apps is to have highly specialized apps that go 
after communities of interest within the overall QVC family. 

So there's a lot happening on that front. I think it's hard to put it for exact impact on our business other than we do think 
it just helps us stay highly relevant, helps us grow the business with existing customers and new customers. We 
continue to believe that our e-commerce business, inclusive of mobile apps, will hit or exceed 50% in the U.S. by 2014, 
so a pretty meaningful mix shift. 

We're also experimenting with some things on the interactive front with our cable partners, although those are early 
stages, but we'll be testing next year. But we think the core strategy is really these mobile applications and the ability to 
interact both with the TV viewing experience, as well as the mobile viewing experience through an interactive app on 
your phone or your iPad. So we think it just expands the market, expands the viewing time, expands the opportunity for 
us. 

And it certainly has some impact on customer service. We've obviously seen – generally speaking, the number of calls 
coming into our phone centers, order entry calls is growing at a much slower rate than our Internet growth. That's a 
good thing from a cost standpoint. And then generally people that make a purchase online may also be more inclined to 
transact their customer service in a self-service mode online. So we continue to work on upgrading the quality of our 
self-service tools on the website. 

Having said all of that, we always find that the best customer is one who engages with us across all channels, including 
the phone. Our 20-year customer service veterans do an amazing job of engaging the customer to create a great 
experience. So we kind of like that fact that folks still call in from time-to-time even if there heavy Internet users. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Great, thank you. I appreciate the color. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you to all of the questioners and all the listeners for their interest in Liberty. Thank you to all the presenters 
on the call today. We look forward to another good quarter and hope to speak to you again in three months if not 
sooner. Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation's Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for attending and 
have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


