Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc. 
• Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC 
• Dan O'Connell 
Other Participants 

• Doug Mitchelson 
• James Ratcliffe 
• Matthew Harrigan 
• Bridget Weishaar 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Jason Bazinet 
• David Gober 
• Murray Arenson 
• Grant Jordan 
• Stephen Velgot 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future 
financial performance, new service and product launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such statements. 

These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation, and Liberty Media expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained 
herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto, or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including adjusted OIBDA. The required 
definitions and reconciliations, preliminary note and Schedules 1, 2, 3 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you. Good morning and thank you to all of us for joining – all of you rather, for joining and for your continued 
interest in Liberty. Today we will review our performance in Q3 and discuss the operating results at our controlled 
subsidiaries. 

Speaking on the call this morning we've got Chris Shean, our Controller, who will discuss the attributed businesses' 
financial results and liquidity picture for each of the trackers. We've got QVC's CEO, Mike George, we've got the Starz 
CEO, Bob Clasen, and we have assorted other Liberty, QVC and Starz executives able to answer your questions. 

Building on the momentum from Q2, we posted strong operating results at QVC and Starz in the third quarter. Many of 
our other businesses had and trend investment-type great performance, including notably SIRIUS. 

During the quarter we continued to strengthen the balance sheet. QVC raised $1 billion in senior secured notes, 
extended maturities out to 2019, and the offering was quite well received. This was the first billion dollar high yield 
deal to price below 8% since DIRECTV priced in May of 2008. It was just the best non-investment grade deal to price 
below 8% out of 213 transactions year-to-date. And it was the first 144A deal to price below 8% since March of 2007. 

To date, QVC has paid down $344 million of its 2014 revolver, which we would expect to be redrawn to pay the 500 
million of term loans due in 2010. QVC expects to be able to continue to repay this revolver as free cash flow allows. 
Subsequent to the end the quarter, we also – QVC repaid, or rather LINTA repaid $50 million of the intergroup loan it 
had to each of Entertainment and Capital Group. 

During the quarter all of the Liberty stocks reached 52-week highs, in fact all of them reached it within the last couple 
of months. Additionally, many of the other equities in our public equity portfolio did quite well, and the total grew by 
almost $2 billion, led by gains in DIRECTV, which was up 10%, a gain of 1.4 million; Expedia, which was up 59%, a 
gain of 612 million; and SIRIUS XM, which was up 24%, a gain of 376 million. 

At Liberty Entertainment, we continued to experience good results at DIRECTV, and we had strong revenue and 
adjusted OIBDA growth at the consolidated companies, notably Starz which Bob Clasen will talk about more in a 
moment. 

We can see the finish line on the long anticipated LEI/DIRECTV transaction. We received a private letter ruling from 
the IRS. We mailed the affected proxy statement, and the stockholder vote is set for November 19. Liberty Starz, the 
resulting tracker, newly attributed tracker that will be left, has begun trading as well. 

LSTAV is trading just under $50. That's up substantially from the indicated price, indicated looking at the difference 
between the DIRECTV and LMDIA prices. That's up substantially from numbers more like the mid 20s in the summer. 
Because of DIRECTV's continued share repurchase, our ownership is now up to 57% of DIRECTV. 

Notably also about Bob Clasen, he is going – planning to retire at the end of the year, or more accurately when we 
complete the process of the search for his successor. 

At Liberty Interactive, QVC experienced strong adjusted OIBDA growth and adjusted OIBDA margin expansion. 
You'll hear more about that from Mike George in a moment. 

At Liberty Capital, we received a $250 million SIRIUS XM loan repayment. All of the senior loans that we made to the 
company, SIRIUS, are now – have now been repaid. We still have some secondary market paper, notably bonds, that 
we have purchased because we think they're quite attractive. 

We had strong performance most recently at Overture Films with the movie Law Abiding Citizen and a promising 
opening weekend this last weekend for Men Who Stare at Goats. The Braves had a good run, falling a little short, but 
had a good run in September. 

A couple other items before I turn to Chris, Liberty Board has decided not to proceed with the reverse splits that had 
been authorized at Liberty Capital and Liberty Interactive, and the Board has also approved a 500 million share 
repurchase authorization of Liberty Starz. 

With that, let me turn over to Chris Shean to talk about LINTA's financial results. 


Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive Group's revenue increased 2% to 1.8 billion, while adjusted OIBDA increased 11% 
to 345 million for the quarter. QVC, the primary driver of results amongst the Liberty Interactive Group attributed 
assets, posted favorable results in which total revenue increased 2% to 1.7 billion, while adjusted OIBDA increased 
10% to 343 million. 

The eCommerce group of companies at Liberty Interactive, which include Provide Commerce, Backcountry.com, 
Bodybuilding.com, BUYSEASONS, LOCKERZ, and The Right Start, experienced revenue growth of 2% in the third 
quarter and adjusted OIBDA growth of 2 to $5 million. The increase in revenue was driven by two small fold-in 
acquisitions in 2008. 

During the third quarter QVC issued $1 billion principal amount of 7.5% senior secured notes due 2019. QVC used the 
net proceeds to fund the purchase and cancellation of outstanding term loans under QVC's senior secured credit 
facilities that mature in 2014. 

Now I'll hand it over to Mike George for additional comments on QVC. 

Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc. 

Thank you, Chris. We were very pleased with our results in Q3, as we continued the improvement in business trends 
that began in Q2. Sequentially, our local currency revenue growth rates improved in every market except Germany, and 
our adjusted OIBDA growth rates improved in all markets. 

In total, our revenue increased 2% and adjusted OIBDA increased 10%. Without the change in revenue recognition 
practices that we implemented in Q2, our revenue would have been 9 million higher and adjusted OIBDA would have 
increased an additional 4 million. 

These results reflect the success of our sales growth and cost management initiatives, along with what appears to be at 
least some stabilization of consumer spending in the U.S. and U.K. We also appear to be gaining share at an 
accelerating rate from a broad range of retailers to compete for the consumers' discretionary spending dollars. 

In the U.S. net revenue increased 2%, our first positive sales growth since early last year. We saw the strongest gains in 
beauty, accessories, consumer electronics, and our kitchen, cook and household categories. As in prior quarters, our 
jewelry and apparel businesses remained soft, although the rate of decline in jewelry has moderated somewhat as 
weakness in gold jewelry was partially offset by strength in lower price point fashion accessory lines. 

We also saw continued gains in QVC.com, which grew 17% and now represents 28% of our sales, up from 24% last 
year. And we benefited from a 100 basis point improvement in return rates, largely driven by product mix. 

We're also very encouraged by a 9% increase in the count of new customers joining QVC in the quarter, our highest 
rate of new customer growth in the last seven years. However, as I have stressed in the past, even more important than 
the count of new customers is their total spending, and the total spending of new customers in the quarter increased a 
very strong 18%. 

Our adjusted OIBDA in the U.S. increased 10%, our strongest profit growth since the fourth quarter of 2006. The 
adjusted OIBDA gains were driven in part by approximately 11 million in above the line adjustments in various state 
sales and franchise tax reserves. 

In addition, we benefited from strong improvements in customer service and distribution productivity, reductions in 
freight costs due to the success of several initiatives to optimize our distribution network, and the impact of several cost 
management efforts on our fixed expense structure. We also saw a slight improvement in product margins, a significant 
improvement from the trends that we experienced last year and earlier this year. 


Partially offsetting these gains was a 44 basis point increase in bad debt expenses, although the rate of growth in bad 
debt appears to be moderating. We continue to control inventory tightly with a 7% reduction in gross inventory levels 
year-over-year. 

Switching to the U.K., we saw net revenue increase 6% in local currency, our strongest revenue gain since Q1 of last 
year. We saw strong gains in our beauty and apparel categories, partially offset by a difficult jewelry business, and 
continued softness in the computer and consumer electronics categories where we face especially aggressive price 
competition in that market. 

Our adjusted OIBDA increased 31% in local currency. This strong profitability gain was due in part to anniversarying 
the foreign exchange losses that suppressed our results last Q3. In addition, we saw strong improvements in customer 
service and distribution productivity, and lower obsolescence expense as we reduced our inventory levels 15% 
year-over-year. 

In Germany our net revenue declined 1% in local currency, but – while adjusted OIBDA increased 13%. The revenue 
recognition changes I mentioned earlier had the greatest impact in Germany. Without these changes, revenue would 
have increased 1% and adjusted OIBDA would have increased 16%. 

We saw strong gains in our beauty category as we continue to focus on our mission of doubling the beauty business in 
Germany. We also saw strong pick up in accessories, consumer electronics, computers and small appliances. Offsetting 
these gains was continued erosion in the jewelry category and softness in our apparel business. 

We also continued to make gains reducing the promotional elements of the German business as we saw increases in the 
percentage of business done at regular price and reductions in markdown usage. And we saw a 4% increase in customer 
count, our strongest increase in four years. 

Our strong profitability growth in Germany was driven by gains in customer service and distribution productivity, 
lower obsolescence rates as we implemented new liquidation approaches with higher net recoveries, lower FX losses, 
and improvements in our fixed cost structure. 

In Japan our net revenue declined 1% in local currency, a slight improvement over our Q2 low point where revenue 
declined 2%. The economic situation in Japan continues to be the most challenged of all of our markets and we believe 
our results are strong relative to the rest of the retail market in Japan. The revenue decline was driven by softness in our 
home categories, partially offset by growth in health and beauty. 

Adjusted OIBDA declined 3% in local currency, largely in line with the change in sales. A modest increase in initial 
product margins, lower freight expenses, and gains in distribution and customer service productivity were offset by an 
increase in obsolescence rates and the impact of anniversarying a sales commission credit that we received last year 
from one of our affiliates. 

Finally, we continued to progress with our Italy launch scheduled for October of next year. 

Overall, we are highly encouraged by the continued momentum in our business. We're confident that we will emerge 
from the current economic turmoil in a much stronger position, having made significant gains in our strategy to build a 
unique multimedia shopping experience. 

We believe our focus on offering compelling exclusive products and programming, while avoiding destructive price 
competition, is helping us drive accelerating share gains against the broad retail market, while also protecting our 
margins. 

To further this mission, we recently announced a partnership with Liz Claiborne to become the exclusive third party 
retailer of the iconic Liz Claiborne New York brand, as well as a broad-based partnership with Isaac Mizrahi to create a 
unique lifestyle collection that we'll launch on December 4. 

We also continued to expand our multichannel platforms, driving strong growth in our eCommerce platform and 
expanding our social networking programs. And in the next few weeks we'll be launching new iPhone applications and 


desktop widgets to help customers stay connected with QVC. 

We've also achieved, as I've mentioned, strong improvements in variable cost productivity and significant structural 
reductions at fixed costs. And most importantly, we've achieved these gains while maintaining our steadfast 
commitment to providing outstanding customer service. Inventories across our markets are also well controlled and 
overall return rates are declining. 

We also continue to focus on maximizing our free cash flow, paying down debt and extending maturities. Our adjusted 
OIBDA gains coupled with more efficient working capital usage drove a $201 million increase in free cash flow 
through the first nine months of the year, including a $109 million increase in Q3 versus a year ago. 

As a result, we paid down an additional 80 million on our revolver in October, on top of the 264 million in payments 
made in prior months. So in total, since refinancing our bank debt last spring, we've now reduced the outstanding 
balance on our revolver from 500 million to just 156 million, and we expect to make further payments on the revolver 
later this year. 

In addition as you heard, we successfully completed our bond offering in Q3, raising $1 billion in 10-year notes that 
were used to reduce our 2014 bank debt. 

And with that, I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Moving on to Liberty Entertainment, revenue grew 2% in third quarter to 369 million, while adjusted OIBDA increased 
16% to $86 million. The increase in revenue was primarily driven by results at Starz Entertainment. The increase in 
adjusted OIBDA was due to positive results at Starz Entertainment, partially offset by expenses related to the proposed 
split-off of LEI. 

Expected liquidity at Liberty Starz upon completion of the split-off and merger will be approximately $850 million. 
This is made up of actual cash balances, loans to Liberty Interactive, and $146 million in expected repayments from 
DIRECTV for payments that we've made on the derivative loan. 

Expected cash at LEI will be approximately 110 to $120 million, which includes corporate cash and cash at the Liberty 
Sports Group. 

Now Bob Clasen will comment on events at Starz Entertainment and Media. 

Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment 
Group, LLC 

Thanks, Chris. Starz posted another solid quarter. Starz Entertainment revenue grew by 8.3% and adjusted OIBDA by 
19.2% versus the same quarter a year ago. The average number of Starz subscription units grew 1.4% versus a year ago 
during the quarter, but the total number of Starz subscriptions on September 30 was down slightly versus the same date 
last year. Encore average subscriptions declined by 1% and the total number of Encore subscribers at quarter end was 
2.8% below the same date last year. 

Helping to improve results were an increase in average revenue per subscriber and a 2.8% decline in year-to-date 
operating expenses versus a year ago. The decline in expenses was largely due to airing fewer first-run movies during 
this quarter versus a year ago, reducing our programming costs. This reduction was partially offset by increased 
expenses both in production and marketing for original series. 

We continue to pay close attention to some of our affiliates, particularly in the cable arena, who have experienced 
declines in subscriber levels. It is our belief that there are several reasons for this development including the general 


economic conditions, particularly the decline in housing starts, rate increases implemented by some affiliates earlier in 
the year, and a lack of marketing resources devoted to premium television as a category. We are working with these 
affiliates to bring more focus to the premium space and improve sales of Starz and Encore subscriptions. 

On the other hand, we are encouraged by the progress our affiliates are making toward implementation of the 
Television Everywhere strategy which will enable existing authenticated Starz subscribers to receive Starz 
programming on their computers or portable devices, as well as at their TV sets. 

Starz has been a pioneer in the development of online delivery of programming. We welcome the efforts of our 
distributors in this space. Over the coming years, we're confident that the distribution of Starz programming over the 
Internet will add to the value of our services for our affiliates and our consumers. 

Our effort to generate awareness of Starz as a destination for originals as well as movies took a major step forward in 
the third quarter, when we introduced the first trailers for Spartacus: Blood and Sand, first at Comic-Con and then at the 
Television Critics Tour. The worldwide premiere of the series took place the first week of October at the annual 
MIPCOM television marketing con. 

These initial unveilings of the series which will air on the Starz channels in January generated considerable buzz as 
viewers got a first look at some of the innovative techniques that producers Sam Raimi and Rob Tapert used to create 
the brutal and sensual world of the Roman gladiators. 

While we feel – with the feel of movies such as the 300 and Sin City, a first-rate cast and a compelling story, Spartacus 
will be unlike anything ever before produced for television. We feel confident it will draw audiences to our channel – 
channels into other platforms worldwide. The latter is particularly important because this is the first dramatic series we 
have produced entirely ourselves and for which we are handling all syndication sales worldwide. 

Also in the third quarter we aired the second season of the dramatic series Crash, which we co-produced with 
Lionsgate, and we announced plans for a new half-hour comedy to air next summer called Gravity, starring Krysten 
Ritter of Confessions of a Shopaholic and Ving Rhames of Pulp Fiction. We also announced that we had renewed a 
second season for our critically acclaimed comedy series Party Down. 

On the Starz Media side, revenue in quarter decreased 46.1% and adjusted OIBDA improved by 13.4%. However, as I 
previously noted, these numbers fluctuate dramatically from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on the timing 
of theatrical releases. We were disappointed in the performance of two third quarter releases, Pandorum with Dennis 
Quaid and Capitalism: A Love Story from Michael Moore. 

However, Law Abiding Citizen starring Jamie Foxx, which opened in early October in second place at the box office, 
has already generated over $60 million in domestic ticket sales, well ahead of projections, and our best performing 
movie to date. Our last film of 2009, Men Who Stare at Goats, premiered this past weekend and opened at number 
three with 13.3 million domestic box office, also ahead of our plan. 

We continue to face a challenging environment in the home video arena because of the general economic conditions 
and because of the theatrical underperformance by some of the Overture releases. However, the Overture movies are 
playing well on demand and in electronic sell-through and will bolster the lineup of our premium channels. 

Starz Animation Toronto won widespread critical acclaim for the animation work it did on the Tim Burton movie 
released during the quarter by Universal. And Anchor Bay Films released three movies in limited theatrical run and for 
home video sales during the quarter, featuring well known stars such as Ashton Kutcher, Michael Douglas and Jeff 
Bridges. These films will appear on our Starz channels in 2010. 

And now I'll hand it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 


During the quarter Liberty Capital revenue decreased 22% to $171 million, while adjusted OIBDA deficit improved by 
$21 million. The decrease in revenue was principally due to a decrease in theatrical and home video revenue. The 
decrease in adjusted OIBDA deficit was due primarily to the timing of theatrical and home video revenue, and related 
expenses associated with films released by Starz Animation and Overture Films. 

And now I'll turn it back over to Greg for some concluding remarks. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Chris, and thank you, Mike and Bob, for the updates on your respective businesses. So to sum up, we feel 
that the third quarter was a strong quarter on a lot of areas, a lot of fronts, and we saw signs of improvement in several 
of our businesses, particularly QVC. 

As we look ahead, our major priorities, first across Liberty Media, we'll continue to rationalize some of our non-core, 
non-consolidated investments with third parties, and look for interesting market opportunities, we can only hope to find 
another SIRIUS. 

Across Liberty Entertainment, we're going to complete the split-off and merger with DIRECTV hopefully in the 
coming few weeks, and we will reclassify the new tracker Liberty Starz and hopefully launch it well. 

At Liberty Interactive, QVC is focused on continuing the momentum it had in Q3 going into Q4. At Liberty Capital, we 
continue to evaluate opportunities for our cash including debt buyback, stock buyback and additional investment 
opportunities. 

I'll end by thanking you for your continued interest. I also want to thank you for your continued support in Liberty 
Media. Hopefully we'll keep busy and have something to report for you in Q4 as well. 

Thank you for listening and, Operator, I'd like to open it up to questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks. A question for Greg and then a couple for Bob. Greg, which is cheaper in your view, 
SIRIUS stock or LCAPA stock? And does your view on that difference factor into your decision making how to 
proceed with your ownership stake there? And then, Bob, can you tell us what the amount of the TV production 
write-down at Starz was this quarter? And then what your outlook for cost growth might be in the fourth quarter, given 
you might spend give or take $15 million marketing Spartacus? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Doug, I try not to comment on which of the 
children I like best. But I will comment on the second part, and should say that as a practical matter, if you look, we are 
prohibited from increasing our investment in SIRIUS XM, as I recall for 18 months from the term of the initial deal, 
which would be about another year from now, first. And then candidly, we'll be treading lightly and – if we were to do 
so, because of some of the issues around the tax losses they have in the 382 limitations. So that is not a easy path even 
though I think SIRIUS is an attractive investment. I think Liberty Capital is quite cheap. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Do the 382 limitations end right after two years, or there a gray area there? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: My understanding, it ends after three years so... 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Three years, excuse me. 


<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It would be roughly two-and-a-half years from 
now. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Right, thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to James Ratcliffe with... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Whoa, whoa, whoa, I think – sorry, Operator. I 
think we had some... 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: Starz. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Some Starz questions and the Starz team is ready. 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: Yeah, nine 
months to date, we've amortized or put on the P&L about $15 million of programming costs and a lot of that did hit in 
the third quarter. We're not going to give guidance for the fourth quarter, but we'll point out that – to your question on 
marketing, we would expect the run rate to be pretty similar to the third quarter since we had the second season of 
Crash that had quite a major campaign, and would probably be roughly equivalent to some of the lead-in we'll be doing 
in December for Spartacus, with a lot of the Spartacus spending coming the first part of January. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Hello, couple questions, both related to Liberty Starz. First of all, on the buyback 
authorization, is there any limit to how – other than the standard SEC limits, to how fast you could theoretically deploy 
that? And related to that, how much cash do you actually really need around to run the Starz business? 

And then secondly, when you look at – ARPU per subscriber was up about 9% year-on-year in Starz, but at the same 
time you saw subscribers dropping both at Starz and Encore. Can you talk about what you saw in terms of both 
revenue, was that driven by mix shift or contract increases? And secondly, for the people canceling, were those more a 
la carte customers or customers in higher digital tiers? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: While the Starz team makes – corroborates the 
real complicated questions, I'll do the easy one. On the buyback, we don't have any – to my knowledge, any limitations 
other than as you know to the FCC's restrictions on what percentage of volume we can be in terms of share repurchase. 
And as far as cash required to operate at Starz, it's almost a non-issue. As you look it's a free cash flow generating 
vehicle. Yes, they have some working capital needs, but they also don't even have a working capital line. We are 
heavily capitalized or overcapitalized at those businesses today when we take the corporate entity and the operating 
units. Ready, Bob? 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: Yeah. To 
comment on subscribers, we have again a mix of affiliates who are both a la carte and then have fixed payments. And 
so that really – as you sometimes decline in subscribers, your revenue doesn't fall off. Part of the dynamic we see 
frankly is there's a shift in some number of subscribers from cable to the telco business. And our economics are a little 
more attractive when they're a telco customer than some of the old historic cable deals frankly. 

And we're pretty flat at DIRECTV, dishes having some issues that flow to us. So it's frankly a mixed bag. We've got 
growth in some affiliates or at least are holding our own. We've got some declines in the cable space and in the dish 


space. 

With regard to cash, we're a cash generator. We are not needing cash from our parent or from the banks in order to 
operate. So we're a generator and that will be showing up over time on the Liberty Starz reports. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: But in terms of cash on hand, it's a pretty minimal amount you need to run the business day to 
day? 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: Right. We 
have a strong balance sheet as a standalone company. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Good morning. Two questions. First of all on LINTA, the QVC numbers look great. And 
when you get better sales, you're going to get ample draw-through. But I thought the e-Commerce businesses were a 
little disappointing. You communicated it pretty well on Back country given the pressure on the higher price point 
items, but it looks like the enthusiast businesses were not quite as robust as you might have thought. Could you give us 
a little bit more granularity there? And then how we should think about the growth vector on those businesses longer 
term, because it did appear to be really coasting through the first part of this recession? 

And then secondly, another Spartacus variant, it looks – I guess you could have 30 to 35 million of costs on that to 
expense next year. Are you going to get enough of a continued savings, albeit at a slower pace on the reduced amount 
of studio product to offset against that, or we apt to see some margin pressure immediately from Spartacus no matter 
how wonderful it is as far as improving the marketing profile and the brand of Starz? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll start on eCommerce companies. I'd note that in 
general, the statistics we've been seeing, for example ComScore recently reported their expectation that e-commerce as 
a whole was down 2% in Q3. I think you're seeing – sorry, I think you're hearing – seeing that, some of the just the 
timing and the difficulties around Q3 for eCommerce are not unique. 

That having been said, it's not one of our big quarters. Q4 we expect Backcountry is going to have a substantially better 
quarter from where it was. The driver for the biggest element by far in our eCommerce businesses provide in terms of 
an OIBDA number is obviously a Q1 or 2, usually Q2 event, so Q1 and 2, not Q3. So this is not – I think they had a 
good performance in a tough environment, in a quarter that is not as critical as some for us. 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: Okay. We are 
looking at – obviously at 2010 and while we're not going to provide guidance, I'll make a couple observations. First of 
all, our output partners are having a better year at the box office than they did in 2008, and that flows through increased 
costs to us for our new feature length films. So there will be an increase in programming costs driven by that. 

With regard to Spartacus, certainly that will influence our programming costs, but remember Spartacus has a long 
useful life. We don't amortize everything with its first use. There's a period over three years in which it will be 
amortized – excuse me, on its play. So yeah, we are expecting programming to go up for those two reasons next year. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Bridget Weishaar with J.P. Morgan. 


<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Hi, two questions on the Liberty Interactive segment. First of all, Germany I know is still in 
the midst of its turnaround, and there's lot of mix shifts going on driving changes. But if you look at the units shipped, 
it looks like it declined significantly during the quarter. Could you discuss what's driving this a little bit more and when 
you expect the mix shifts to moderate in this segment? 

And then secondly, I think you mentioned how much free cash flow growth you were seeing at LINTA. Could you give 
us that number again on a year-over-year basis, and what you see driving this? Thank you. 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc.>: Sure. I'll discuss Germany and let Dan 
comment on the cash flow. We tend not to look at – we tend not to disaggregate revenue in the units and ASP and put a 
lot of focus on that, because for us it's really about what the – what's the consumers' total spend with us. And I think 
that's the best reflection of the health of the business. So I would hate to characterize what you'll see in terms of units 
versus ASP. What I think you basically saw was a flat quarter, slightly up without the revenue recognition, and I think 
that sort of characterizes the business. Suppression in jewelry and apparel strengthened the other zones. 

Now specifically the technical reason that units were down and ASPs was up, was really more just kind of product mix 
drivers. We saw – the jewelry business that we did do, we did at a higher ASP, substantially higher ASP. That was in 
large part due to the reduction in markdowns. So the good news is we're using markdowns less frequently, the 
inventory's better, the product's better. Less markdowns means higher ASPs so for the same kind of revenue velocity, 
you get fewer units but better ASPs. 

So that dynamic is hard to predict from quarter to quarter because it's really driven by product mix. So we again, focus 
more just on sort of absolute revenue growth. And then, Dan, you want to comment on the cash flow? 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: Sure, the 200 million that Mike referenced for the year-to-date period, it's primarily a function 
of working capital. If you look at year-to-date 2009, working capital items are a source of cash by about 185 million, 
and last year they were a use of the cash of about 140 million. So that's the biggest driver. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: And do you expect that to be sustainable going forward, or it'd be more seasonal and due to 
the economy? 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: In our fourth quarter last year, working capital was about a 200 million use of cash. And I 
would think that directionally it'll move in that direction, but I don't expect it to be as high as 200 million in the fourth 
quarter. 

<Q - Bridget Weishaar>: Great, thanks so much for your help. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Doug Anmuth with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thanks for taking the question. I just had a question about return rates in the U.S. and in 
particular it looks like in 1Q and 2Q you saw sort of a bigger decline basically in return rates year-over-year. So I was 
just curious what your thoughts are there in terms of why it bounced back sort of on sequential basis from 17 to 19%, 
and how we should think about that going forward? Thanks. 

<A - Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller>: In Q3 we had about a 100 basis point 
favorability and our return rate at 19.3% and that's mix driven as Mike mentioned previously. For the full year it's about 
1.7%. 50 basis points of that is a true-up of over-accrual call it at the end of 2008. Obviously we have to estimate what 
our return rates are going to be and they came in less for Q4 and we recognized that in the first two quarters of the year. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Next question, Operator? 

Operator 


Thank you, sir. Our next question will come from Jason Bazinet with Citi. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thanks so much. I just have a question on Liberty Interactive. I think there was a question 
earlier about the eCommerce EBITDA would – helped us out with – provide color, but I had one other question 
regarding some disclosures in the Q that relate to – I think it was called third party online discount services that was 
sort of a 6 or $7 million per quarter in each of the first two quarters of the year. Are those very – I guess there are two 
questions there. Can you explain what those are and are those very high margin revenues, and will they repeat? Thank 
you. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: They are offers to our customers by third parties. 
And I think they are- they do have a repetition factor. Whether they are as high growth going forward is not as clear, 
we'll see. I think it's quite common in a lot of e-commerce companies including ours to offer these other services to 
your customers and that is a relatively high margin business. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. But did we see a similar amount in the third quarter? In other words was most of the miss 
in the EBITDA...? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, no, no, no. It's just because of the nature of 
where they come. I think we saw less of it in the third quarter. But not in any negative way, just tied to offerings in the 
marketplace. I don't think it has a trend value. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

David Gober with Morgan Stanley has our next question. 

<Q - David Gober>: Good morning, thanks, guys. A Quick one for Bob, I was just wondering if you could remind us 
when you expect to hear from Disney about whether or not they're going to extend their output deal, which I believe 
expires in 2012? 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: We're 
meeting with Disney all the time and we have nothing to report. 

<Q - David Gober>: Is there a date by which they have to...? 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: No, no. They 
do not have an option to extend what they did before. This has to be by mutual agreement. 

<Q - David Gober>: Okay. 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: The last time 
they had a two-year extension that they did take, but this time it's the two of us agreeing. 

<Q - David Gober>: And the current deal expires – am I right that it expires in 2012? 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: Domestic 
output we're '12... 

<Q - David Gober>: Okay. 

<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: Again in '13. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So yeah, so to be clear and with respect to the 
channels, it's really through '13. 


<A - Robert B. Clasen, President and Chief Executive Officer, Starz Entertainment Group, LLC>: It's '13 
really... 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: '12, DDO, '13 for the channels, so it's a little 
misleading to say '12. 

<Q - David Gober>: Okay, that's helpful. And one for Mike, some of the customer acquisition numbers that you threw 
out there were very impressive. Any sense of what's driving the new customer acquisition? Is it just the improvement in 
the overall economy or are they coming in – are new customers coming in in different categories than they have been in 
the past year or so? 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc.>: No, I think it's a couple of things. I think 
part of it is that I would say we're in a product mix, which we've worked hard to create, a product mix that is more 
favorable to getting new names, partly due to our efforts, and partly just due to what's hot right now. So for example, 
the exercise category, some elements of it are hot, and they tend to bring in a lot of new names. We've really went after 
entertainment properties like Michael Jackson, Beatles Remastered, those sorts of properties. They've been doing very 
well for us, and those are extremely high with new names. 

So some of it is driven by those initiatives that are product-based and some is driven by the more aggressive marketing 
and PR outreach that we've been doing, trying to bring in high profile brands like a Rachel Zoe, who has her own 
celebrity following, and has attracted unusually high new names for the kind of product categories that Rachel is 
offering. 

So I think it's a mix of the quality of the talent, the kinds of hot categories and degree of aggressiveness in PR and 
marketing outreach. And actually I'd probably put in one more factor which is we've continued to improve our channel 
positioning. I think it's fair to say that our – we probably never made more gains than we've made this year in the 
quality of our channel positioning. That includes getting a second location on DIRECTV in a much more highly 
trafficked neighborhood, as well as we're now up to about 25 million high definition subs. And those in, I think 
virtually every case, those present a second channel location in addition to the SD channel. So I think we're seeing the 
benefit of just being exposed to more people in more attractive neighborhoods. 

<Q - David Gober>: And has the demographic profile changed significantly of new customers coming in? I mean have 
you been getting a younger customer or older customer? 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc.>: I have not looked at it specifically for 
this quarter. We don't tend to find that it moves in meaningful ways quarter to quarter so I'd hesitate to guess. What 
we've generally found over the last few years is that new customers not surprisingly are younger than existing 
customers. And that – the age of that new customer has been relatively stable over time. Don't know specifically if it's 
changed in Q3. 

<Q - David Gober>: That's very helpful. And just a quick one for Greg, obviously we see the Form 4s on IAC stock 
sales, but was there any other movement in public – publicly traded assets during the quarter? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Can't recall of any substantial ones. We have 
small positions that we move, but nothing material that I can think of that happened in Q3. 

<A>: Collar expiring. 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Great point, the collar expiring on Sprint. But I 
think we talked about that and that obviously was offset by a reduction in the borrowings against the Sprint collar. That 
was a fairly neutral event. 

<Q - David Gober>: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 


We'll go next to Murray Arenson at Janco Partners. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Thank you. Good morning. Couple quasi related questions if I could. On the heels of your 
comments on the eCommerce business, can you comment on what you see out there in terms of potential acquisition 
opportunities or if things are still looking pretty rich out there? 

And secondly in looking at QVC's business and the business you're doing through QVC.com, can you talk about where 
you see that potentially growing maybe a few years out? How much of the business can that be for you? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll comment on the first, and the second let Mike 
handle most of that. On acquisition opportunities, I we have been pretty much constantly looking for eCommerce 
opportunities for the last four years. We found four decent sized acquisitions and a couple or three tuck-ins that have 
worked well into those. 

And then – because it has been difficult, and if you look at the universe of e-commerce companies, mature e-commerce 
companies, certainly that's not a huge universe between 50 million and say 5 billion of market cap. And particularly 
ones that we would find attractive with strong management teams to find niches, comfortable advantages in their 
business model and protections around Warren Buffett and those type things. 

Those are not a dime a dozen and particularly when you – that's how you want a reasonable price. There has been a 
whole change obviously in the blending kind of a content commerce and community that have only made some of that 
harder because a lot of those have had very large multiples and have more speculative business models. 

That having been said, we continue to look and we remain bullish on some opportunities and we've also taken a couple 
of other tracks like Right Start, when we purchase something out of bankruptcy or LOCKERZ where we funded an 
entrepreneur, a little more venture capital type opportunity to try and create a wholesale version of something like that 
rather than buying at retail. So we still look. I don't think the environment's got easier. In fact, I think it's probably 
gotten tougher in terms of throughout 2009 e-commerce probably getting more expensive. And then we're trying to 
skin the cat in new ways. I'll let Mike handle the QVC. 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc.>: Yeah, on QVC, I'll talk about the U.S 
where the dot com business is obviously the most developed and we're at 28% right now. And Q3 is actually a seasonal 
low point for dot com penetration. It'll grow up – it'll go up a fair amount in Q4. Our internal goal is to be at 50% 
QVC.com penetration, so half of our sales coming from QVC.com by 2014. I don't think that's a crazy goal. I think 
that's a reasonable stretch goal. 

We're going to continue to accelerate our investments in QVC.com experience and we see growing it both as a 
complement to the TV channel and as an independent business attracting customers and products separate from the 
main channel. And we think that can get us to those kinds of numbers by 2014. 

I think we'll see similar improvements in our international dot com businesses, but they start from a lower base. But I 
think all will be on a fairly attractive trajectory and especially as we roll out a global eCommerce platform next year, 
rather than the country-specific platforms that we currently have, we'll be able to implement much higher levels of 
functionality in our international operations which I think will create further boost to those businesses. But I wouldn't 
peg a number one that yet, but in the U.S. I would say 50%, 50% over five years is sort of a reasonable framework. 

<Q - Murray Arenson>: Great, thanks. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Grant Jordan with Wells Fargo. 

<Q - Grant Jordan>: Great, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe if you could give us an idea in total what the QVC 
inventory is year-over-year just in terms of relative terms, and how you think you're positioned going into the holidays? 


<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc.>: I'll make some general comments and 
then let Dan give you the numbers. Overall, we feel very good about our inventory position going into the holidays. 
We've had a – given the uncertainty of this year, we gave the challenge to all of our markets to manage inventory very 
tightly, stay close to receive flow. So we feel reasonably clean going into the holidays with the ability to chase goods if 
the sales are there. So we're clean, but not too clean and we have ability to kind of respond pretty quickly. So at a 
qualitative level, we feel quite good about the balance of keeping inventories tight, but also having sufficient inventory 
to fund Q4. And I'll let Dan give you the numbers. 

<A - Dan O'Connell>: So on a consolidated basis, at the end of the quarter we had roughly 975 million of inventory, 
and same period last year about 75 million more. So we've cut about five days of sales out of our inventory since 
September of last year. 

<Q - Grant Jordan>: Great, that's very helpful. And then my second question again on QVC, I think, Mike, you talked 
about picking up market share from some other players. Was there any specific category where you felt like you were 
picking up notable market share during the quarter? 

<A - Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC, Inc.>: I think in terms of specific categories, I 
would say that we're clearly gaining market share in consumer electronics, which continues to be a very hot business 
for us. I think we're definitely gaining share in beauty, and really are – we've built a really wonderful prestige beauty 
business that I think is outgrowing virtually anyone else out there. And I suspect although it's a more fragmented 
market so it's harder to track, but I think in areas like accessories and handbags, I think we're gaining share as well. And 
then – and in our downtrending categories like jewelry and apparel, I don't know that we're gaining share, but I also 
don't think we're losing share. I think those categories are pretty tough for everyone. 

<Q - Grant Jordan>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll go next to Steve Velgot with SIG. 

<Q - Stephen Velgot>: Yes, a quick question for Greg, whether – is there a scenario where you could see combining 
Starz Media with Starz Entertainment before Starz Media is cash flow positive? And can you give us some idea as to 
how we might look at valuation even if it's some time off? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, I think – to be clear, it would be a 
combination of Starz Media with Liberty Starz or with Starz Entertainment, the channel, so just if we go into to that 
vehicle. The – when you think about valuation, I think it would be a function of not only the run rate, whether it be loss 
or positive, but what's the value in the ultimates that are being built up there. And that is not today, because we have 
not had as much success at the box office as we would like. That's probably not an enormously scaled number 
compared to the value of the channel. 

Whether it'll be in the future will depend largely on how our ultimate build is going forward. If we have successful 
films, that will create value and that makes Starz Media worth more. It's not the only element that is generating value or 
not at Starz Media, but it is probably the one with the largest delta and swing factor. 

<Q - Stephen Velgot>: And therefore, are you still intent on waiting until Starz Media is cash flow positive in order to 
pursue? 

<A - Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I think we're intent on trying to make sure 
that we have a stable business model and good direction at Starz Media and understand fully what – where it's going 
and what it might be worth, and if the business model is compatible with the channel going on a long-term basis. 

<Q - Stephen Velgot>: Okay, thank you. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

So with that, I think we're done for the morning. Again, thank you for your interest in Liberty, and we'll look forward to 
seeing you next quarter. Thank you. 

Operator 

This concludes the Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. Thank you for attending and have a 
good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


