Q1 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Mike George, Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Robert Clasen, Chief Executive Officer, Starz 
Other Participants 

• Kit Spring 
• Imran Khan 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Albert Rosenthaler 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Andrew Baker 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• Charles Tanabe 
• Vijay Jayant 
• April Horace 
• Jessica Reif Cohen 
• MG 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, 
future financial performance, new service and product launches and other matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in market 
acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, and continued access to capital on terms 
acceptable to Liberty Media. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation, and 
Liberty Media expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any 
forward-looking statements contained herein, to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto 
or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Liberty Media, including the most recent Form 10-Q and 10-K for 
additional information about Liberty Media and about the risks and uncertainties related to Liberty Media's business 
which may affect the statements made in this presentation. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. The required reconciliations, preliminary notes 
and schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this presentation. At this time for opening remarks and 
introductions I'd like to turn the call over to the president and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go 
ahead. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you and thank you all for joining us this afternoon, and for your continued interest in Liberty. These have been 
exciting times at Liberty, and we're quite pleased with some of the operational and structural progress we've made. 
There's still a lot left to do but I'm going to talk a little bit about, first about how we're doing by tracker this quarter, 
discuss some of our operating performance at our businesses that we control, and cover some of the transactions we did 
and other developments. 

Liberty's fine controller, Mr. Chris Shean, will discuss our attributed businesses, financial results and liquidity picture 
for each of those trackers. QVC's CEO Mike George will discuss recent developments at QVC. Starz's CEO Bob 
Clasen will review recent events at Starz. Also on the call we have QVC's CFO Dan O'Connell, Starz's President and 
COO Bill Myers and EVP and CFO Bud Curtis and several other senior Liberty executives. All of us will be available 
to answer questions at the end of the prepared remarks. 

Before we discuss the specific results of the quarter I want to review a couple of highlights and how they tie into our 
overarching strategy and direction. Obviously, the most important news for the quarter was that we closed the long 
awaited exchange with News. Obviously we think this is a great deal for our shareholders. The value has increased 
significantly since we announced the deal. We're probably up about $4.5 billion on the swap. And we like the company 
so much more that post the swap we have added another 78.3 million shares to our holdings in a creative low-cost 
transaction, the collar and borrowing against the collar to purchase the shares. That transaction increased our ownership 
to about 48% of the company. And we're still working on the best path to unlock additional value there. 

We were very pleased as I suspect you were by yesterday's announcements at DIRECTV of the performance in the first 
quarter. They really had a stupendous quarter on virtually every metric. We're also pleased that yesterday DIRECTV 
announced they were going to increase their share buyback program to $3 billion. We've been working with them on 
that and we agreed that we would not tender or sell any shares into that repurchase, and that we would agree to hold our 
votes neutral at their current 48%, so we're very supportive of their actions. We think it's the best use for the balance 
sheet and a great return of capital to shareholders. 

We're also excited that our economic interest in the business will increase, if not our voting interest, and nothing that 
they're doing we believe limits our future strategic options or theirs. 

Also this quarter we had some structural optimization in that we reclassified Liberty Capital and issued the new Liberty 
Entertainment tracking stock, providing further refined investment choice and, we believe, increased flexibility and 
options for the company. New LMDIA is centered around our 48% stake in DIRECTV but also includes Starz 
Entertainment, the three regional sports networks, our 100% interest in FUN Technologies, our 50% interest in GSN, 
and our roughly 33% interest in WildBlue. 

New Liberty Capital is going to be focused on reducing complexity there and continuing to simplify and continuing to 
isolate the discount from pre-tax value. We think this tracker structure provides, as I said, new options and flexibility 
for us while preserving efficiencies among all the Liberty assets. 

We are disappointed still that LMDIA trades at a discount to what most analysts believe is a fair sum of the parts. After, 
soon after we initiated trading in the stock the discount got up to about 30%. We recently went on a road show visiting 
Boston, Baltimore, New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco's next and that and probably some of our actions in 
conjunction with increasing our stake have had a positive benefit, we would like to think. The discount has narrowed 
back to the mid-teens. At one point it actually got to as low as maybe 12%, it's probably now, post the DIRECTV 
earnings and the recent increase in their share price, and LMDIA's lack of mirroring, that increase is substantially, it's 
probably in the 15 to 17% range. 

We still are looking to increase that discount. We don't believe that discount is probably correct at that width. And we 
like to think that by decreasing it we continue to open up our options as well as providing a current return for our 
shareholders. 


We also had a lot of success operationally this quarter. LINTA had a mixed result at QVC but we're still comfortable 
with the business fundamentals. The domestic market is difficult, and our analysis shows, not surprisingly, that in the 
states that are most affected by foreclosures and recessions, our revenue growth is most challenged. But we did 
considerably better than most of our peer group and think we're making the right kind of progress. 

Internationally we also made excellent progress in the quarter, where you really saw the beginning of turns in several 
areas, particularly in Japan and beginning in Germany, and the perspective that we had local currency growth which we 
hadn't had for a while, and better yet, growth in U.S. dollars. 

The e-commerce business has performed excellently. We are very excited about those and excited about their 
prospects. We did reduce our repurchase activity during the quarter in our shares at LINTA. This speaks less probably 
to our fundamental view about the stock than the realities of the capital markets. We have about a $900 million debt 
maturity in July of '09 and we're trying to keep some dry firepower to make sure that we can handle that debt maturity. 
If the capital markets clear up I think we'll probably look for increased borrowings in a way to continue our progress at 
LINTA. 

LMDIA, literally all of the businesses performed very well. We had strong operating performance at the major asset 
there, QVC, as I discussed. We had continued success at Starz Entertainment as Bob Clasen is going to talk about 
more. FUN Technologies, particularly its WorldWinner subsidiary, did very well expanding its Internet offerings, 
interactive offerings as well. GSN continues to do well. I think we'll talk about it more I'm sure in the question and 
answers but we continue to work on strategic alternatives there and hope to have some ideas to report. 

And at Liberty Capital, the reclassified Liberty Capital has all the assets that were previously in Liberty Capital that 
were not otherwise attributed to Liberty Entertainment. In the operating businesses, Starz Media released several films 
and continued to focus on building original content for Starz Entertainment and other distribution vehicles. We 
modified the terms of our Time Warner exchangeable debt to minimize the impact of the put that the holders had and 
were able to have about 72% of the issue or 71% stay outstanding. And at LCAPA we're continuing to work on a 
long-term strategy but the reality is that we're likely looking at a path to a sort of controlled liquidation, not in the near 
term, but over time to optimize the value there. 

So, with that let me turn it over to Chris to talk first about the Liberty Interactive results. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Greg. The slide you're looking at is a quick snapshot of first quarter revenue and operating cash flow 
performance. It shows that Liberty Interactive's attributed businesses picked up the pace of revenue and operating cash 
flow growth. 

QVC is the primary driver of performance among Liberty Interactive attributed assets and continues to operate in a 
challenging retail environment. Nonetheless the business managed 5% consolidated revenue growth and 3% operating 
cash flow gains. While this is below the results QVC strives for, by continuing with a disciplined approach to product 
selection and pricing, the business remains sound. 

On the international side we were aided by foreign currency gains but also saw progress in operations and believe the 
business is headed in the right direction in all markets. I'll talk a bit more about this shortly. 

Looking more closely at Liberty Interactive, as just discussed, LINTA's businesses achieved 10% revenue growth, 
while operating cash flow grew 5%. As I will discuss in a bit more detail in a moment, QVC's domestic revenue in 
OCF was largely flat in the quarter. Meanwhile, international businesses aided by the FX gains experienced improving 
performance with over 15% revenue growth in dollars and 10% OCF gains. 

Liberty Interactive's other e-commerce businesses, which include Provide Commerce, Backcountry, Bodybuilding and 
BUYSEASONS had strong financial results in the first quarter, and continue to grow at a rapid pace. In the aggregate, 
the e-commerce businesses experienced revenue and operating cash flow growth of 113% and 144% respectively due 


to the acquisitions, largely due to the acquisitions of Backcountry in June and Bodybuilding in December of 2007. 

Revenue and operating cash flow growth of these businesses was 37% and 55% respectively, kind of on a pro forma 
basis, assuming the businesses were all consolidated at the beginning of '07. 

As Greg mentioned earlier, we significantly slowed our share repurchase pace in the quarter as upcoming debt 
maturities combined with uncertainty in the capital markets led us to conclude that we should cease repurchases and 
maintain our current capital until we see more stability in the capital markets. 

During the quarter we repurchased 4.7 million shares for $83 million. Since inception of the LINTA share repurchase 
program, we have reacquired 16% of the shares outstanding. We continue to believe in share repurchases as a good 
means of enhancing shareholder value and will continue to evaluate opportunities to cost effectively shrink Liberty 
Interactive's equity. 

QVC experienced consolidated revenue growth of 5% to 1.77 billion during the quarter while OCF grew 3% to $387 
million. Revenue growth, while somewhat slow by QVC standards, was achieved without promotional efforts. 
Consolidated OCF margins dipped by 30 basis points during the quarter, resulting in OCF growth slightly lagging 
revenue growth. OCF margin declines were primarily the result of lower margins experienced across most product 
categories. 

Domestic revenue was flat for the quarter at 1.18 billion as the mix of products sold shifted from home to the jewelry 
and accessories areas. The average selling price increased 4% from $46.04 to $48.09 while total units shipped declined 
to 26.9 million from 27.8 million. 

Domestic OCF increased 1% in the first quarter to 281 million while the operating cash flow margin increased 20 basis 
points to 23.9% primarily due to lower fixed costs, partially offset by a decline in gross margins. QVC.com sales 
continued to grow as a percentage of overall domestic sales, rising from 23% in Q1 of '07 to 24% this quarter. 
International revenue increased 15% to 589 million for the quarter, while OCF grew 10% to $106 million. Revenue 
growth was due to favorable foreign currency exchange rates, greater sales to existing subscribers in Germany and 
subscriber growth in the U.K. and Japan. 

OCF growth lagged that of revenue as OCF margins declined 80 basis points primarily due to lower gross margins and 
higher commission expense as a percentage of net revenue due to new fixed rate agreements in the U.K. and Japan. 
Excluding the effect of exchange rates international revenue increased 5% for the quarter while OCF was largely flat. 

As was mentioned earlier, QVC's international operations appear to be making progress towards returning to prior 
performance levels. QVC U.K. continued its trend of strong local currency performance as revenue increased 11% on 
an equal growth in units while operating cash flow was up 6%. In Japan QVC experienced 4% local currency revenue 
growth, the first top line growth it's experienced since the first quarter of 2007. While the change in the enforcement of 
the health and beauty regulations in Japan dampened growth over the past year, management has done an effective job 
of changing the product mix and creating productivity gains in alternative product categories in what remains a strong 
market. 

In the aggregate, over the past two years, even with the changed regulations, QVC Japan experienced 10% top line 
growth in the first quarter. In Germany, our operations have faced significant operational challenges over the past two 
years, however for the first time in a year QVC Germany experienced local currency [inaudible] on ASP and unit 
growth while operating costs improved, to partially offset the decline in gross margins. Management remains focused 
on completing the turnaround of this business. 

Now I'll hand it over to Mike George for additional QVC comments. 

Mike George, Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thanks, Chris. As Chris mentioned, in the U.S. we were clearly disappointed with our sales results. We saw fairly 
broad -- broad weakness across most of our product categories. And we remain very focused on bringing our customers 


fresh and innovative product offerings that will capture their attention in a tough climate and overcome the overall 
weakness in consumer spending. 

We are finding that while the customer is being more selective right now, she will respond to new, unique, exclusive 
items. And so our focus is on trying to do a better job every day of delivering those kinds of items to our customer. 
When we do, she does respond. 

Along those lines we did premier several new brands in the quarter with good initial results, including new beauty 
brands Clinique and Kate Somerville, Sony VAIO computers, Lucky Brand handbags, London Fog outerwear, and a 
new bedding line by Whoopi Goldberg. We also expanded our product offerings in categories like big screen TVs and 
treadmills by developing some new shipping alternatives to lower the end cost to the customer. 

Now we have a number of strong brand launches coming up later in the year. A lot of them we can't comment on 
publicly at this point, but some that we have announced include Steve Madden, which premiered this week, Clinton 
Kelly and Martha Stewart Crafts. We're also focused at the same time on continuing our work to build the QVC brand 
and increase QVC's visibility through other media. In Q1, we were one of the featured cast on Celebrity Apprentice and 
we were featured extensively on a week-long Wheel of Fortune series. So you're going to see us continue to expand 
these kinds of media partnerships to find new ways to draw eyeballs to the channel. 

We also began, as we've announced, broadcasting a second signal in high definition, at the end of Q1. And we're 
currently in discussions with our major affiliate partners about picking up this signal and carrying a second HD location 
for QVC. 

And as Chris mentioned despite the sales weakness we were pleased with our ability to maintain stable gross margins 
in a tough environment, reduce our fixed costs and control our variable expenses, all of which resulted in a slight 
improvement in our OCF margin. 

We're also excited to welcome Claire Watts to her new role as President of U.S. commerce. Claire, who has a wealth of 
experience in retailing across a number of formats, joined us in February, and on May 1st, assumed responsibility for 
our U.S. merchandising, planning, broadcast and Internet activities. 

Also joining QVC this week as Senior Vice President of Fashion, Jewelry and Beauty is Jeff Taraschi, a terrific 
merchant with deep experience in electronic retailing, to QVC, as a vendor to QVC and also someone who was at QVC 
a number of years ago. So these two strong additions complement what we think is a terrific team of QVC executives. 
Together they are very focused on continuing to build the QVC brand experience and expand our customer base as we 
upgrade our product and programming. 

Turning now to our international businesses, we did see improved sales results across all of our markets. The U.K. 
delivered another good quarter, with particular strength in apparel, electronics, and also jewelry, which had been a 
challenge for them last year. 

OCF margins, however, were impacted somewhat by the mix shift to electronics, and also by the costs associated with 
the long-term extension of our Freeview DTT contract. So we're delighted to have the extension but it did result in 
some increased costs that we will anniversary over the course of this year. 

Germany did show a modest improvement in performance, as Chris said posting positive sales in local currency for the 
first time in a year. We saw good progress on every element of the turnaround program that we established last year. 
We increased the mix of business at regular pricing, we added a record number of successful new show concepts to 
diversify the calendar, and we managed expenses tightly. 

Now, despite these positive steps, we're clearly still falling short of our sales goals and continue to be especially 
challenged in apparel and jewelry. So fixing those businesses and getting Germany on a sustained path of higher sales 
growth is obviously a strong remaining priority. 

In Japan we felt very good about the progress we are making, offsetting the regulatory issues in health, beauty and 
fitness. We drove strong double digit sales gains in apparel, accessories and jewelry, and also achieved our first 


positive sales growth in that market since Q1 of last year when the regulations first hit us. 

So we feel very good about it and feel that we are on the turnaround plan that we shared with all of you several months 
ago. We also expanded our distribution, our carriage, by launching on the BS digital platform in December. We think 
that's going to be a great platform for us over time, although it did -- there are additional costs associated with that 
which dampened our OCF rate somewhat. And that we will anniversary as we go through the course of this year. 

And with that I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks Mike. Let's take a quick look at the Liberty Interactive liquidity picture. We continue to maintain a strong 
capital structure and good liquidity at the businesses that are attributed to Liberty Interactive. The group has attributed 
cash and public investments of 4 billion and has 7.7 billion in attributed debt. Excluding the value of the positions in 
Expedia and IAC, LINTA's quarter-ending attributed net debt of just over $7 billion equates to a multiple at the very 
low end of our targeted leverage ratio of 4 to 5 times OCF. We're likely to maintain a level at the low end of this range 
until we see stronger capital markets which would offer more readily accessible capital to us. 

Now, moving on to Liberty Entertainment. The next two slides address our newest tracking stock which I may refer to 
as L Media during this. The completion of our exchange with News Corp allowed for the reclassification of the old 
Liberty Capital and the issuance of a new Liberty Entertainment tracking stock. Liberty Entertainment Group's 
operating results are comprised of Starz Entertainment, FUN Technologies and the Liberty Sports Group. 

Attributed revenue grew 11% in the first quarter while OCF was up 17%. Revenue and operating cash flow growth 
resulted from modest growth at Starz Entertainment, coupled with the inclusion of the Liberty Sports Group. Now, 
taking a closer look at Liberty Entertainment's principal consolidated subsidiary, Starz Entertainment, it had another 
solid quarter of subscriber growth, as Starz's average subscribers increased 6%, while Encore's grew 12%. This 
subscriber growth partially mitigated -- was partially mitigated by Starz's fixed rate affiliation agreements which on a 
combined basis drove 3% revenue growth for the quarter. 

Starz operating cash flow growth of 1% slightly lagged revenue growth as operating expenses increased 4% due to 
increased marketing expenses associated with new Starz -- with Starz's new branding campaign. Programming 
expenses were flat, as lower bonus payment amortization was offset by a higher effective rate for the movie titles 
exhibited in the first quarter. 

2008 programming expenses are expected to be comparable to 2007 levels as Starz continues to invest in original 
programming initiatives with the launch of its series Crash, Head Case, and Hollywood Residential. 

Now, let's take a look at the L Media liquidity picture. The businesses attributed here are in a position of financial 
strength. At quarter end L Media was attributed with approximately 11.7 billion of public investments. In addition to its 
public investments Liberty Entertainment had attributed cash and liquid investments of just under 1 billion at quarter 
end. Total cash and public holdings approximated 12.6 billion, well in access of the $605 million face amount of 
attributed debt. 

Subsequent to quarter-end we purchased an additional 78.3 million DIRECTV shares and funded the purchase by 
borrowing just under $2 billion against a newly initiated equity collar on 10 million DIRECTV shares. This purchase 
increased our public holdings and debt equally, by $2 billion. 

Before we turn to Liberty Capital, I'll next turn it over to Bob Clasen, who would like to say a few words about the 
exciting activities at Starz Entertainment and Starz Media. 

Robert Clasen, Chief Executive Officer, Starz 


Thanks, Chris. We continue to be pleased with the progress at Starz Entertainment where subscriber growth continues 
at a fast pace, now several quarters in a row. As Chris said, cash flow remained flat versus a year ago as we invested in 
our new Starz branding campaign and our new original series, Head Case and Hollywood Residential. 

On the Starz Media side, many of the initiatives we launched last year in both theatrical and television programming 
began to bear first fruits. And speaking of firsts, we marked several firsts during the first quarter. Among them, 
Overture Films released its first theatrical motion pictures, starting with Mad Money in January which performed well 
at the box office and will be a strong performer in home video starting this month and on our premium channels later 
this year. Mad Money is the first example of our audience aggregation strategy because it will generate across multiple 
platforms: Theatrical, home video, premium television, Internet and broadcast syndication, all through our own 
in-house distribution businesses. 

Overture also released The Visitor, which is the best reviewed movie of the year so far and rolls out to dozens more 
screens this month. At Starz Media we began our first collaboration on a television movie with video game giant 
Electronic Arts, Inc. At Starz Entertainment we launched our first major branding campaign in six years, including a 
strong new logo. We've premiered our first comedy series and announced plans to air this fall our first original drama 
series, Crash, based on the Academy Award winning best picture. 

On the ratings front for the first time ever, Starz in February finished first among premium channels in the Nielsen 
ratings for both total day and prime time, while Encore continues to rank first among premium channels in terms of 
subscriber count. 

As you know, recently Viacom, Paramount, MGM, and Lion's Gate announced plans to launch a new premium 
television service late next year. Although the initial impact of this venture will be to deprive Showtime of its major 
first-run movie suppliers, we do not take lightly the possibility that it will provide a competitive challenge to us in the 
coming years. We intend to press home vigorously the value of our product both to our affiliates and to our subscribers. 
We will point out that our ratings and subscriber growth continue to be strong and that our investment in original 
programming in Overture Films will provide us two new sources of programming going forward, that Starz has 
contracts with our major studio partners, Disney and Sony, that extend well into the next decade, as well as library 
deals with Paramount and MGM for exclusive pay TV showings, and that we continue to be able to purchase 
independent films in the open market at attractive prices. 

I'll now hand it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks Bob. The next set of slides addresses the new Liberty Capital tracking stock group. Upon the reclassification of 
the old Liberty Capital and the issuance of the Liberty Entertainment tracking stock, the new Liberty Capital was 
issued. This group's results include Starz Media, the Atlanta Braves, TruePosition, Leisure Arts and our Green Bay 
market television stations, WFRV. During the quarter, Liberty Capital revenue increased 26% to $91 million, while 
LCAPA's operating cash flow loss increased to 59 million. LCAPA's revenue growth was due to the inclusion of the 
Atlanta Braves, Leisure Arts, and WFRV. The operating cash flow loss was primarily due to Starz Media and the 
seasonality of the Atlanta Braves which doesn't really get started with their season until the second quarter. 

Now, let's take a look at the LCAPA liquidity picture. The new Liberty Capital Group has attributed cash and public 
investments of $6.8 billion and attributed debt of 4.9 billion. During the quarter, Liberty modified certain terms of its 
.75% Time Warner exchangeable senior debentures to induce holders to not exercise their one-time put rights. The 
modifications included deferring Liberty's ability to redeem the debentures until April 5th, 2013, committing to pay 
holders in cash upon maturity or redemption rather than in Time Warner stock, and increasing the rate of interest to 
3-1/8% after March 30th, 2008. As a result, Liberty limited the repurchase to $486.1 million of the total issue of 1.75 
billion, with the residual 1.26 billion debentures remaining outstanding, albeit under the revised terms. This repurchase 
was funded with cash from an existing borrowing facility that we had in place on [inaudible] collars. 


With that said, I will turn the call back over to Greg who will quickly recap the quarter. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Chris, and thank you to Mike and Bob for the updates on your respective businesses. As mentioned before, 
we're excited about what's going on at Liberty and hope you are too. We remain very much focused on maximizing 
value to you, our shareholders, through innovative financial transactions, looking for ways to redeploy our capital, 
including share repurchase on an attractive basis, the most cost efficient financing available in a tough market, 
managing our businesses and investments best within each tracking stock and supporting our management teams to 
produce the best operating results possible. We think we accomplished a lot this quarter. There's a lot more to do. And 
the pace of activity should remain high. 

So thank you for listening and for your continued interest in Liberty Media. With that, I'd like to open the call for 
questions, Operator. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Kit Spring with Stifel Nicholas. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Hi, regarding your investment in DIRECTV, how do you see the video on demand product evolving 
and do you see the need for a broadband partner there? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you for the question. I think the video on demand product is going to be quite 
interesting. It highlights the strength of DIRECTV around the total TV experience. And I think the implementation that 
they have looks quite interesting in beta compared to some of the alternatives in the cable universe. I think the question 
of how video on demand, and the broadband partnerships, work, as you know, really a larger one about our role in 
broadband. I think we're excited about the partnerships we have in broadband, not only with Verizon and Qwest but 
also the opportunities that we've looked at with people like broadband over power line or the alternatives around things 
like Clearwire, though that may now change. 

Continuing interest in seeing all of those many alternatives bloom, we're sort of in the Maoist school of let a thousand 
flowers bloom in broadband because that helps us. So, we're excited about how that works for our business overall not 
just in video on demand and I think a lot of progress is being made there. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll move now to Imran Khan with J.P. Morgan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: Yes, hi, thank you for taking my questions. Two questions regarding QVC. First, and I was 
wondering if you can give us some sense how the QVC.com did this quarter, what kind -- what percentage of your 
revenue came from QVC.com and how much it's up year-over-year basis? And second question is can you give us 
some sense the inventory level trending in both in the U.S. and international markets? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Imran, we did about 24% in the quarter, and I think that's up from about 23 or 22 last year, 
Mike? 

<A - Mike George>: That's right, it's up from 23 last year, so about roughly 1 point increase in penetration and about 
5% overall growth I believe. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: And you want to talk about the inventories, Mike? 

<A - Mike George>: Yeah. As a broad statement our inventories we think are in good shape. They've creeped up 
somewhat in Germany as Germany struggled with their sales velocity last year. The inventories ended up Q1 of this 
year to Q1 of last year, up a little bit higher than we would like. So, we're focused on that, our goal is to bring those 
inventories in line over the course of the year. It is not at a level that gives us a high concern but it's clearly higher than 
we would like. Other than that we feel good about our inventory position in both the U.K. and the U.S. And we're 
actually watching those very closely, and erring on the conservative side in this environment. Our Japan business is 
primarily a consignment business, so we don't have meaningful levels of inventory in Japan. 

<Q - Imran Khan>: All right, thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from Jason Bazinet with Citi. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: I think -- I think sometime last year, maybe early this year there was an adverse IRS ruling 
regarding some of the tax deductibility of the noncash interest related to the exchangeables. And I was just wondering 
if you could just summarize what that ruling was and then sort of the implication for cash that would flow from LINTA 
to LCAPA? Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Jason, there was a ruling, or a resolution, I'd more accurately state, with the IRS, that we had 
last quarter that is -- was quite the opposite. There had been some precedents out there from Comcast and others that 
we believe we – we're very happy with our result compared to theirs. And I'll let Albert Rosenthaler, our tax expert in 
glorious speak for a moment about it. 

<A - Albert Rosenthaler>: Our settlement with the IRS, we basically agreed that we would be able to continue to 
deduct both the cash and the contingent interest with respect to most of our exchangeable debentures. On two of the 
series we get to deduct the cash interest but not the contingent interest. So that is the settlement going forward. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: And what was the point of the delineation between the two, where you can, and the balance that 
you can't, on the contingent? 

<A - Albert Rosenthaler>: On the two, there were two that were issued post the issuance of certain proposed 
regulations by the IRS back in 2001. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay, all right. And then the net implication for roughly – in terms of the cash that will flow 
from LINTA to LCAPA? 

<A - Albert Rosenthaler>: That is about 200 -- it goes from LINTA to LCAPA. And it's -- it's 150 issues, I think is 
what the right number is. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. 

<A - Albert Rosenthaler>: We'll confirm that offline for you. You must understand how that works. So that we are 
deducting because of the equity feature that's embedded in those exchangeables, and the market cost embedded because 
of that equity feature, we're deducting at an exceedingly higher rate than the cash interest being paid. So that is a -- let's 
say you're deducting at 9% versus paying at 3, roughly. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Yep. 

<A - Albert Rosenthaler>: But that is really a loan from the government, because we are going to eventually have 
recapture on some of those pieces. The LINTA pays for that tax shield rather than paying the U.S. government, in the 
interim, pays LCAPA for that tax shield. 


<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Understood. Okay, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley has our next question. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks. Greg, on the DIRECTV debt issue yesterday, is this leverage level sort of 
optimal from your perspective, or is this a function of just the credit markets and you expect more, as the markets get a 
little bit easier to tap later through this year? And then if I could ask a question on the Starz business, the subscription 
growth, I think you said 6% at Starz, 12 at Encore, there's obviously a lot going on behind that that leads to a revenue 
growth number much lower. Can you guys give us a little more color on how we should think about the fixed rate 
contracts versus the variable rate contracts and what that trend looks like going out over the next couple years so we 
can get a better sense for what the sort of organic long term growth is of this business? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'll comment briefly on the DTV debt and then let Bob Clasen talk about Starz. I think if you 
were -- if we were here about a year ago, you'd have to get in line with all the investment bankers who were throwing 
us proposals to lend us money, at many, many multiples of what the current debt level is. I'm not sure we would 
endorse what they were thinking then, I think the capital markets are constraining you from imagining something too 
much higher than what DIRECTV is thinking right now. I think the optimal level is probably a little higher than the 
current but not necessarily what people were thinking last spring, and throwing at us, or offering to throw at us. Bob, do 
you have a comment on the -- ? 

<A - Robert Clasen>: Yes. There are a number of moving pieces. Let me just summarize a couple of them and tell you 
the impact. Some of our affiliates have so-called fixed deals where there are, for example, steps and CPI adjustments, 
adjustments for them acquiring and divesting of subscribers, those kinds of actions. And then there are of course the 
consignment subscribers which are more on a one-to-one basis. In addition, you have going on within this mix, 
situations where sometimes we're accounting for revenues based on cash we receive when we are between contracts 
and in negotiation. 

And until we get a settlement, or reach some mutual agreement in various steps, it's frankly, I see your problem, hard to 
understand. Let me give you a simple example. It's easier to look at us on an annual basis because some of these deals 
drag on for a long period of time. We had transactions in the second and third quarter last year that if you normalized 
them over the first quarter, we would have, compared to first quarter in '07, had a 5% revenue growth and 11% cash 
flow growth. So I don't know how helpful that is, but it's easier to look at us over the period of several running quarters 
because there are so many moving pieces and often they are tied to our top five or six affiliates that have such a big 
impact on our overall revenue. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Okay, that is helpful Bob. And maybe if I could ask one follow-up on the Paramount 
Showtime deal or non-deal, what are your thoughts given what you see at Starz in terms of movie costs and the 
difficulty getting incremental carriage, and you have a relationship with Paramount? Any thoughts on working with 
them, on this JV, any partnership opportunities or, just would love to hear your thoughts on their outlook. 

<A - Robert Clasen>: Well, I think at this point they've made their decision to move in their own direction. And it will 
be interesting to see if there are other partners, Blockbuster's been mentioned. I don't know what that role would be. 
The background would be, the three existing pay companies all got founded by companies that had massive 
distribution, Time Warner with HBO, Viacom was a major cable company when they founded Showtime and Starz is 
an outgrowth of TCI. I do think that the challenge in the first instance is to -- what's the box office performance? We're 
fond of saying we can run a three-year-old movie and beat most original series. HBO, to their credit with the Sopranos 
and Sex in the City, two gigantic hits in 35 years, so movies still, uncut movies in their original screen version still do 
drive premium category. And yet the originals help with branding and identification. 

Our view would be any new venture, whether it's this new one or any, has to have massive distribution in order to be 
successful. And I'm just quoting what most of you have been saying, at $3, you need 13 to 15 million just to cover your 


costs, relative to the estimates of where they were with Showtime. So I think it's going to be a challenge. But, all you 
need is a couple big partners to step up and say they want to do that and it will happen. To your final point, we do have 
what we think are the best MGM and Paramount films under exclusive license for pay that go well into the next decade. 
So you're not going to be seeing a lot of the favorites from Paramount and MGM showing up on the new channel out of 
their library, at least. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Andy Baker with Jefferies and company. 

<Q - Andrew Baker>: Thanks a lot. Just two questions, one I guess now that you've reduced the number of -- you've 
reduced the outstanding amount of the Time Warner exchangeables, there's probably about 27 if my math is right, 
about 27 million shares of Time Warner that are not sort of under the exchangeable. I'm wondering if you have plans to 
hedge those or maybe look for a transaction with Time Warner where you can give those back and get one of their 
businesses that they may be looking to get rid of. And then onto QVC, I was wondering, if maybe Mike, you could talk 
a little bit about the gross margin. I mean, it has been sort of trickling down a little bit, not too much but little by little if 
there's any more granularity you can give us there as to how we should think about that over the long term. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: On the Time Warner exchangeable shares we have a little less than that that are free and clear 
but we, we'll look to always consider a 355 exchange with the company if that were available and we have continuing 
dialogue with them. I actually talked to Dick Parsons two days ago. I don't think there's anything on the horizon that 
would be obvious for us to do there. I think we're -- we've stayed unhedged for that partly because that effectively says 
we believe the stock's pretty cheap. As you may recall we did our deal last spring, May 16th, that the stock was 
effectively about 21. So that was a pretty good trade-up and I think at 16 it's probably got some more room to run. The 
unhinging of -- for the moment at least, of the Microsoft Yahoo deal is probably a plus for AOL, and there's other stuff 
out there. So we'll take our chances for the moment on at least some piece of our Time Warner stock and we will 
remain open to any interesting transactions with the company. You want to talk about the QVC gross margin Mike? 

<A - Mike George>: Yes. Andy, I think at a high level, we continue to view gross margins as -- we would see gross 
margins largely staying flat over time. So while there have been some bumps recently, there's nothing that we're seeing 
that would make us feel that kind of average gross margin level that we have typically run at will decline on a 
consistent basis over time. There have been some fairly discrete things that have happened in the gross margin line in 
the last 12 months, most notably, the opening of a major distribution center in Florence and another one in Japan, and 
expansions in the U.K. and Germany. All of those, the cost of those are, our warehousing costs are in gross margin. 
And until you anniversary the opening of a big facility that's underutilized at the start you have a hit. So, that's sort of a 
one-off issue. But we clearly have had some product margin issues from quarter to quarter in different countries, 
particularly as we've seen electronics grow in the mix in a couple countries, and jewelry decline in the mix. And the 
combination of those two has caused a modest shift in gross margin. But I view those as things that will ebb and flow 
over time. I don't think it's any long-term trend in the business. And as you know, we continue to avoid a higher level 
of promotional activity. We don't think it's right for our business model or needed. And so none of all that, as we feel 
pretty good about our margin levels, and that we're not going to face some sort of a sustained secular decline in 
margins. 

<Q - Andrew Baker>: Good, thanks guys. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Banc. 


<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks, a few questions to Greg. I'll ask you one and then I'll ask the other two together. So 
it seems that the Discovery spinoff is taking longer than expected. You've got everybody busy with Interactive 
Corporate DIRECTVs to be able to finish the advanced Newhouse negotiations. I know this might not be necessarily, 
specifically you, but can you give us any update on when we can expect an S-4 filing on Discovery? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'm going to toss that question to our esteemed general counsel, Charles Tanabe. 

<A - Charles Tanabe>: Well, first of all, this isn't a DHP call but I suspect that we'll be filing an S-4 in the very near 
future. I don't think there are any issues remaining with respect to the rollup. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: And then typically what, four to six weeks at the SEC and then you're good to go? 

<A - Charles Tanabe>: Yeah, I think that's a pretty good guess. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: All right, so Greg, in your wheelhouse, what was the rationale behind the agreement with 
DIRECTV to fix your voting power at 48%? I mean it was nice for DIRECTV of course but I'm not sure how it helps 
Liberty. And then second, I suspect this is a delicate subject, given tax regulations, but let's take a theoretical scenario 
by which you wanted to be able to merge L Media and DIRECTV. Let's assume DIRECTV's Board would be receptive, 
even if you're not able to discuss the transaction with them yet. What steps do you need to take at L Media and how 
long do those steps take before you can be in a position to begin those talks with DIRECTV? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So on the first question about why we agreed to freeze our voting power, I think we have a 
very positive relationship with the DIRECTV independent board members. And we thought it was in their interest and 
ours, we understandably, understand why they wouldn't want to take an action that would push us into voting hard 
control. I think that would be very difficult for a board to do that. So they were left with choices, either being 
suboptimal in the capital structure or paying a dividend, choices which they didn't find preferable and we probably 
didn't either, because we had -- even though we have maybe some tax advantages relative to how that income might 
come in. That was still not as tax efficient to us as a repurchase. So I don't -- it was not a highly controversial thing for 
us to internally here to agree to hold our votes flat. And we like owning more of DIRECTV's economics. We're not 
adverse to that. 

On the second question of what would have to be done to complete a merger, it really depends on what kind of a 
merger you are thinking of. Because you could imagine scenarios in which we offered LMDIA tracking stock to do -and 
rolled up DIRECTV, and if that was acceptable to their holders that would take a certain amount of time, first to 
get a deal and then get it through the SEC and the like. To the degree that you -- first because they did not want to 
receive tracking stock imagined some kind of a spin transaction, I think that would probably be a longer term 
timeframe just in terms of getting a spin done, maybe four to six months. I'm not -- it's not something we've agreed to. 
We certainly thought about all our options but it's not our plan today. 

And if you then had a subsequent merger, there would be some tax considerations around Morris trust which would 
need to ensure that our shareholders were 51% of the combined vote and value on a go-forward basis. But if you look 
at the assets in LMDIA, including the 48%, plus the other assets we have in there, primarily Starz, the RSMs et cetera, 
less the net debt I think on any reasonable scenario it's unlikely we would combine in any scenario in which we would 
be less than 51%. So, I don't think there's huge impediments to that. Whether you could get a deal done, is another 
matter. But there's no huge impediments on a tax basis. Just need more time involved in the spin. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Right, thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Yeah. 

Operator 

We'll hear next from [inaudible]. 

<Q>: Thanks, that was my question as well. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: Glad we anticipated. 

<Q>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll move now to Lehman Brothers and Vijay Jayant. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Given the recent ruling on the litigation with IAC, can you sort of talk about what your options 
are now, is there any chance obviously of doing anything before the spin and also any comments on what may or may 
not be done with Expedia? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think there's a host of options that are imaginable, potentially us working with them on the 
spins, on some agreed form going forward. Potentially us still doing a 355 transaction, or we I believe also filed at a 
time to potentially appeal, if there are -- if they go forward on a basis we don't like. So all options remain open. And 
that -- it could involve a deal also on Expedia but I would say I'm not overly optimistic on that prospect. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Just following up, I think QVC becomes a five year trailer business in September or November 
this year so chance of LINTA being spun off, does that -- is that something even on the table? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: That's not in our current thinking and plans. In part because, not to sound like we've totally 
drunken the tracker Kool-aid just for no reason, partly because we don't know, for example, if you're – look down the 
road and think about an LMDIA spin because that's a more attractive way to combine with DIRECTV. Again we have 
no current plan for that but we certainly consider that's an alternative out there. And whether that might foreclose or 
cause you to think differently about spinning QVC or LMDIA, we'll watch and see. 

<Q - Vijay Jayant>: Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll take a question now from April Horace with Janco Partners. 

<Q - April Horace>: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Greg, I think you mentioned in the beginning of the call 
something about a controlled liquidation of LCAPA. Could you expand on that? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, I think we believe that the exchangeables create a lot of shield at least on an interim 
basis. And if we are clever enough to figure out ways to get liquid on some of the investments in L Media, excuse me, 
in LCAPA rather, on an efficient, tax efficient basis, we should be able to build some value there. The path is not clear. 
The obstacles are many. And there's no near term event or catalyst that's going to get us there. So I do think over the 
long term you're likely to be trying to get liquidity and recapture if you can or capture some of the discount to this 
present value, sum of the parts on pre-tax basis to the degree you can get there tax efficiently. But that probably doesn't 
happen in the long term, in the short term rather. It happens on a long term basis. You're investing the capital that you 
have in assets to -- that hopefully out -- that out-earn what our liabilities are growing at. 

One point to note: We have to maintain a fair amount of liquidity at LCAPA. We can't, some might just look and say 
wow, you've got a lot of cash, and you have a relatively low market cap, why aren't you just buying that stock hand 
over fist? One of the challenges there, there are a lot of our liabilities, on the debt end, on the tax side, which could be 
accelerated in the event of third-party transactions over which we have no control. And, so we need to maintain a 
certain amount of liquidity, if Sprint were sold or Motorola were sold tomorrow for cash, we need to maintain a certain 
amount of liquidity to ensure that we would be able to handle our obligations under that circumstance. 

So the face value of looking at it and saying oh, there's obviously a huge discount and there's obviously an enormous 
amount of cash is not as clear once you start looking at what liabilities could be accelerated. So I go back to my 


statement about why, if they control liquidation, I suspect it's a path where we're trying to get liquidity over time, trying 
to reduce the size of the equity float. But it's probably something you chip at, and you hope you can do well at. Not that 
-- there is no clear path from here. 

<Q - April Horace>: At one point in time you mentioned that some -- you might just some day bite the bullet and pay 
some tax, and I think that was probably more aimed at Motorola. Are you guys still considering that? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I don't think – it's a broad statement, there have certainly been cases with 20-20 hindsight, of 
which we just sold an asset at some price and paid the tax, you would have been better. That's only with the benefit of 
20-20 hindsight. We will try and have more foresight and hopefully decide if there are cases where liquidating is better 
than holding out for that after tax assumed value. 

<Q - April Horace>: Okay, great. Thanks, that's all I got. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from [inaudible]. 

<Q>: My question was just answered. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: We're knocking them down here. 

Operator 

We'll go next to David Gober with Morgan Stanley. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: David, do you have a question? 

Operator 

Hearing no response, we'll move on to [inaudible]. 

<Q>: Why you weren't buying back any stock when you thought that there was a discount to the NEV, just curious 
what your thought process is there. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'm sorry on which tracking -


<Q>: On LMDIA, Liberty Media. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: In LMDIA, the reason why we try and maintain liquidity there is, it sort of goes back to the 
way you think about Liberty Capital. Unlike Liberty Interactive, where we have a big earning asset called QVC, we 
have a relatively smaller earning asset there and we actually now have a fair amount of debt, given the transaction we 
did to increase our stake at DIRECTV, and if we were to purchase stock in size, we would be adding to that debt with 
no clear way to settle it, other than potentially selling off assets, all of which have relatively low tax bases and in some 
cases we're prohibited from selling, and in other cases we think it's strategic to hold more of it. So until you see a clear 
path to get to an earning asset, if you knew tomorrow you were going to merge with DIRECTV, yes, you would buy 
the heck out of LMDIA because it's running at a discount, but you don't know you're going to merge with DIRECTV, 
and you don't know you're going to have access to their relatively larger cash flows to cover any debt that you put on. 
So until we have a clearer path about what the LMDIA future is, how we would settle that debt, we're probably unlikely 
to buy back in size. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. 


Operator 

Our last question today comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Jessica Reif Cohen>: Thank you. I have a few questions on LINTA. I think you said on Freeview that the – well, 
you did say, but the cost increased because you extended your relationship. Can you just outline how much it was for 
the quarter and what we should expect for the year? And secondly with your increased stake in Interactive, could you 
discuss again, not on this call, but again as you have in the past, how possible or likely it is for you to acquire, Home 
Shopping Network and if that is a possibility, what benefits there are to you since you have said in the past there are not 
a lot of cost savings? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Mike, you want to talk about the increased cost of carriage? 

<A - MG>: 

Yes. The increased cost for Freeview was about 120 -- 127 basis points and we will anniversary that in the fourth 
quarter. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: And on HSN, we remain open to a transaction, if it can be done at an attractive price. I think 
what the management team and Liberty have thought is, if you look at the operating structures, and we haven't done 
extensive due diligence on HSN, but if you look at the operating structures, it isn't apparent that there is enormous cost 
synergies, i.e., items that you could knock out because [inaudible] accounts payable or accounts receivable or other 
G&A functions, there is some amount, but it's not huge. A large portion of what else is in there in the cost side relates 
to variable items, that we'd probably not be able to or fixed items you would not be able to eliminate, duplicative, you 
would need to have the two broadcast facilities for example if you wanted to keep both presences. The potential that 
seems less clear, but you would think given the relative, a 4.5 billion-ish revenue stream we have in the U.S. and the 2 
billion-ish revenue stream that they have in the U.S., you'd like to think you'd find some synergies, perhaps in 
purchasing, perhaps in counterprogramming, when we ran jewelry they ran power tools or vice versa, that you weren't 
attacking the same audience. Those are harder to capture, harder to know. And as I said, we have not done extensive 
due diligence internally on HSN. Mike, would you add anything? 

<A - Mike George>: Nope, nothing else to add. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

So if that's it, Operator, I want to thank everybody for joining us this afternoon, and for your interest in Liberty Media. 

Operator 

And this concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for attending 
and have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


