Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Mike George, Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Robert B. Clasen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC, Starz Entertainment and Starz Media 
Other Participants 

• Kit Spring 
• John Malone 
• Andy Baker 
• Douglas Anmuth 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Benjamin Swinburne 
• Alan Gould 
• Doug Mitchelson 
• April Horace 
• Scott Devitt 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future 
financial performance, new service and product launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. These 
forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by such statements, including without limitation possible changes in market 
acceptance of new products or services, competitive issues, regulatory issues, and continued access to capital on terms 
acceptable to Liberty Media. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation, and 
Liberty Media expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revision to any 
forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard thereto, 
or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Please refer to the publicly 
filed documents of Liberty Media, including the most recent Forms 10-Q and 10-K for additional information about 
Liberty Media and about the risks and uncertainties related to Liberty Media's business, which may affect the 
statements made in this presentation. 

On today's call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. The required reconciliations, preliminary notes 
and schedules 1 through 3 can be found at the end of this presentation. 

At this time for opening remarks I'd like to turn the call over to the President and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Greg 
Maffei. Please go ahead sir. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning, and thank you, and thank you all for joining us today and for your continued interest in Liberty. We're 
pleased with this quarter's continued progress on our operational and structural goals, and today we'll review the quarter 
by each tracker; we'll discuss operating performance at our controlled subsidiaries; we'll cover some of the transactions 
we undertook during the quarter and other key developments. And Liberty Controller Chris Shean is going to start after 
my remarks by discussing the attributed businesses' financial results and liquidity picture for each of the trackers; 
QVC's CEO Mike George will join us to discuss developments at QVC. Starz CEO Bob Clasen will review recent 
events at Starz. Also on the call I have with us today QVC's CFO Dan O'Connell, Starz President and COO Bill Myers, 
and EVP and CFO Glenn Curtis, and several senior Liberty executives including our Chairman, John Malone. All will 
be available to answer questions after our prepared remarks. 

Before we discuss the specific results of the quarter, I want to review quarterly highlights and tie them a little bit into 
our overarching strategic direction at Liberty. First, financial management. We strongly believe that share repurchases 
under the right conditions are a very efficient way to return value to shareholders, and we executed on this during the 
quarter in two ways. First at LCAPA, we repurchased 18.1 million shares through the end of July, reducing our 
outstanding shares by about 14%. And DirecTV continued its buy back. Earlier as you may recall we'd executed a 
standstill agreement to hold our voting ownership at 47.9%, which enabled DirecTV to be active in buying back their 
stock; they have been so, and we are now at about 49.5% economic interest, and as they continue their repurchase 
program which has been previously announced, obviously our economic ownership will increase. 

We remain disappointed by the trading discount that LMDIA has to the fair sum-of-the-parts valuation, and we're still 
considering options to create value for shareholders and address that. 

Looking at the operations overall, first at Liberty Interactive, QVC had solid results given a very challenging economic 
with international growth led by strong performance in Japan. We had excellent results at Liberty Interactive and 
e-commerce affiliates. Even excluding the effect of acquisitions, and looking on a pro forma basis as if acquired at the 
beginning of '07, those businesses truly all performed quite well. 

We made two commerce acquisitions, e-commerce acquisitions during the quarter – small ones, RedEnvelope which 
we purchased out of bankruptcy and Celebrate Express which is BUYSEASON's largest online competitor. The ODAT 
model which is the One-Deal-At-A-Time model that has been so successfully employed by Backcountry.com at many 
sites including WhiskeyMilitia, Steep and Cheap, et cetera, is now being looked at and in the process of being deployed 
not only at new sites at Backcountry.com, but also across other companies in the Liberty portfolio, so we're excited to 
see successful synergy at work there. 

At LMDIA, Liberty Entertainment we had strong performance at DirecTV, and when they reported their numbers last 
Thursday especially impressive were the results in Latin America, a business that probably doesn't get the full valuation 
in the marketplace in the DirecTV stock that it deserves. 

Starz Entertainment had continuing success executing on its strategy of audience aggregation, providing end-to-end 
media services with good revenue growth and excellent adjusted OIBDA growth. 

And at LCAPA continued focus on original content at Starz Media was successful, and we have planned for numerous 
new releases in the third quarter. Overture Films is still in its early stages but we're pleased with the positive results 
shown to date. 

And lastly looking at structural optimization, as I mentioned earlier we continue to evaluate ways to try and reduce the 
discount from our stocks and the underlying values that they have on a sum-of-the-parts basis. And that may lead us to 
try further structural efficiencies. With that let me turn it over to Chris Shean to talk about LINTA's financial results. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 


Thanks, Greg. I guess before I get into that I want to highlight the fact that we have a change in nomenclature with 
respect to our operating metrics. We now use the term adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization 
which I'll refer to as adjusted OIBDA instead of operational cash flow which is what we've historically called it, and 
we're going to use this terminology in all of our public filings and press releases on a prospective basis. So, it's the 
same term, it's just a different way of describing it. 

The table that you're looking at for LINTA that shows second quarter revenue and adjusted OIBDA performance shows 
Liberty's Interactive attributed businesses continued their steady revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth. The businesses 
achieved 9% revenue growth while adjusted OIBDA grew 4%. QVC, the primary driver of performance among the 
Liberty Interactive attributed businesses continues to operate in a challenging retail environment. Nonetheless, the 
business managed 4% consolidated revenue growth and 1% adjusted OIBDA gains. Liberty Interactive's other 
e-commerce businesses which include Provide Commerce, Backcountry.com, Bodybuilding.com and BUYSEASONS 
again posted strong financial results and continued to grow at a rapid pace. In the aggregate, the e-commerce businesses 
experienced revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth of 97% and 108% respectively due in part to the acquisitions of 
Backcountry in June of 2007 and Bodybuilding in December of 2007. 

Now, if you look at this on a pro forma basis, revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth of these e-commerce businesses 
was 41% and 75% respectively. So on an organic basis, they had quite impressive growth. 

On the next slide, we'll go into further detail on QVC's quarterly results. QVC experienced consolidated revenue 
growth of 4% to 1.76 billion during the quarter while adjusted OIBDA grew 1% to 387 million. Revenue growth, while 
slow by QVC's historical standards was achieved without incremental promotional efforts. Consolidated adjusted 
OIBDA margins dipped by 60 basis points during the quarter, resulting in adjusted OIBDA growth lagging revenue 
growth. Adjusted OIBDA margin declines were primarily the result of lower gross margins experienced across most 
product categories. 

Domestic revenue decreased slightly in the second quarter to 1.18 billion, and the mix of products sold shifted to the 
accessories areas, away from home and jewelry. The average selling price increased 6% while total units shipped 
declined 4%. Domestic adjusted OIBDA decreased 2% in the second quarter to 286 million while the adjusted OIBDA 
margin decreased 50 basis points to 24.2%, primarily due to product mix and freight and warehousing costs. QVC.com 
sales continue to grow as a percentage of overall domestic sales, rising from 23% in the second quarter of '07 to 25% 
this quarter. 

International revenue increased 14% to 580 million for the quarter while adjusted OIBDA grew 11% to 101 million. 
Revenue growth was due to favorable foreign currency exchange rates and subscriber growth in both the UK and 
Japan. Adjusted OIBDA growth lagged that of revenue as adjusted OIBDA margins declined 50 basis points primarily 
due to higher commissions – commission costs as a percentage of net revenue due to new fixed rate affiliation 
agreements in the UK and Japan. Excluding the effect of exchange rates, international revenue increased 3% for the 
quarter while adjusted OIBDA increased 1%. 

QVC UK local currency revenue increased 3% on a 4% growth in units. In Japan, QVC experienced 10% local 
currency revenue growth, the first double digit quarter sales increase since the fourth quarter of 2006. QVC Japan has 
continued to successfully show gains in home, jewelry, and fashion, and shift away from the health and beauty products 
due to the heightened regulatory focus on those products that began in March 2007. In Germany our business 
experienced softness in jewelry and apparel resulting in a 3% decline in net revenue on a local currency basis. 
Management remains focused on completing the turn-around of this business. 

Now, I'll hand the call over to Mike George for additional comments and color on QVC. 

Mike George, Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thanks, Chris. I'll provide a little more background on Q2 results and then talk about some of the key initiatives we 
have underway for the back half of the year. 


In the U.S. as Chris mentioned we continued to see flat sales results driven in part by the ongoing contraction in 
consumer spending. We're obviously not satisfied with these results. We expect to drive stronger growth with our brand 
and our business model. And so we remain very much focused on finding new ways to engage our customers and earn 
a greater share of wallet to overcome the softness in overall consumer spending. 

We did see double digit growth in a number of businesses in the U.S. including cookware, consumer electronics, health 
and wellness, garden, beauty, precious gems, and handbags. However, these gains were offset by softness in a number 
of other home, jewelry, and apparel categories. So this reconfirms for us that our customers are willing to treat 
themselves when we provide compelling products and presentations, and we need to deliver on that promise more 
consistently. 

Our priorities going forward remain the same. First, we are focused on adding exciting brands and products that will 
command our customers' attention. In the last few months we launched Cesar Millan, better known as The Dog 
Whisperer if you follow his show; Celebrity stylist Gretta Monahan and Clinton Kelly; as well as London Fog and 
apparel; and Vincent Longo in beauty. Upcoming launches in the next two to three months include Ann Klein, Izod, 
Calvin Klein, Selma Intimates, and Mark Cross Leather Goods. We'll also be entering the wine business through a 
partnership with mywinesdirect and launching a new wellness product line with Dr. Andrew Weil. 

Second we're continuing to enhance our multi-channel platform to drive incremental revenue growth. For example, we 
recently launched a concept called Private Reserve which features high end, limited quantity products available 
exclusively on QVC.com, and we had strong early results with a collection of pearl jewelry from Honora, one of our 
top brands. We'll also be launching in the next month or two a mobile website and text messaging features and several 
other Internet and other new media pilots. And we're delighted to announce that both Verizon and AT&T along with 
several smaller affiliates plan to distribute QVC in high definition later this year in addition to our regular broadcast, 
which will provide us essentially with a second channel position on these affiliates and we believe bring new viewers to 
QVC. This is the start. We expect our HD distribution to expand significantly next year. 

Third, we're focused on creating exciting must-see programming and have several major events planned for the back 
half of the year to build consumer excitement and interest in our programming. We'll be talking a lot more about our 
fall and holidays campaign in the next few weeks. 

We also continue to be disciplined regarding our promotion practices as Chris mentioned. While gross margins are 
down slightly in the quarter, this is primarily due to product mix and higher freight expenses which we will largely 
anniversary in August. We're also continuing to keep a tight lid on operating expenses. 

Turning to the UK, we saw business slow down somewhat in Q2 following a strong Q1, largely due to softness in our 
TOCs and in our crafts and collectibles businesses. The rest of the base business was solid with particular strength in 
jewelry and beauty. Our OIBDA margins in the UK continue to be challenged due to the cost of our new long-term 
DTT contract, however, if you exclude those costs, OIBDA margins were up over 100 basis points from last year, and 
we'll anniversary the costs of the new distribution in October. 

Germany slipped back to negative sales growth after a stronger Q1 showing. We are continuing to make progress 
shifting the business to more everyday pricing, reducing the use of promotional tools, diversifying the product and 
programming mix, including introducing over 60 new shows in the quarter and maintaining a disciplined stance on cost 
reduction. At the same time, we continued to be challenged by uneven sales results and higher obsolescence rates as we 
test new products and reduce the use of promotions. So we'll remain very focused on driving this turn-around. We 
recently announced the hiring of two outstanding executives in Germany who will lead our merchandising, planning, 
broadcast and internet operations in Germany. Kim Maquire, the senior merchandising executive at Target for 20 years 
and was also of Chief Merchandising Officer of QVC U.S. a few years ago has rejoined us in Germany. Also Mathias 
Bork. who has deep retailing experience in Europe including leadership roles at Otto Versand, Harrods and most 
recently as Chief Merchandising Officer at HSE will be joining us in April of next year. We believe the addition of 
these two seasoned retail and home shopping executives will provide a significant boost to our business in Germany. 


Finally in Japan we were pleased with the continued acceleration in sales. The Japan team has done a good job growing 
our fashion and jewelry categories to offset the erosion in health, beauty, and some home businesses driven by the 
changed regulatory environment. And like in the UK, the cost of expanded distribution in Japan, in their case DS 
digital, is suppressing OIBDA margins. Excluding the impact of these costs which we will anniversary in December, 
our margin rate was up over 100 basis points in the quarter reflecting our strong focus on expense management. 

And finally in the current environment in addition to managing expenses and gross margins in a diligent manner in all 
of our markets, we also think it's prudent to be cautious in our capital expenditures. We now expect our CapEx for 2008 
to be around 150 to 160 million, down from our prior forecast of 190 million and well below our annual expense of the 
-- our annual CapEx of the prior two years, which was about 250 to 275 million. And with that I'll turn it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Mike. Let's take a quick look at Liberty Interactive's liquidity picture. We continue to maintain a strong capital 
structure and good liquidity at the businesses attributed to Liberty interactive. The group has attributed cash and public 
investments of 3.7 billion and has 7.7 billion in attributed debt. Excluding the value of the positions in Expedia and 
IAC, which could provide incremental liquidity, Liberty Interactive's quarter ending attributed net debt of just under 7 
billion equates to a leverage multiple of just over four times adjusted OIBDA which we consider very comfortable for 
these businesses. We are likely to maintain this level of leverage until we see stronger capital markets and more ready 
access to capital. 

Now, moving on to Liberty Entertainment, attributed revenue grew 32% in the second quarter while adjusted OIBDA 
was up 13%. Revenue resulted from growth at Starz Entertainment coupled with the inclusion of Liberty Sports Group. 
Taking a closer look at Liberty Entertainment's principal consolidated subsidiary, Starz Entertainment, its revenue 
increased 8%. This was driven by an increase in the effective rates for Starz's services and to a lesser extent subscriber 
growth mitigated by Starz's fixed rate affiliation agreements. Starz subscribers increased 6% while Encore's grew 11%. 
Starz's adjusted OIBDA grew 24% as operating expenses increased 4% due to increased SG&A expenses associated 
with the new Starz branding campaign. Programming expenses decreased 4% as lower bonus payment amortization 
was offset partially by a higher effective rate for the movie titles exhibited in 2008. 

Now, let's take a look at Liberty Entertainment's liquidity picture. The Liberty Entertainment businesses are in a 
position of financial strength. At quarter end LMDIA was attributed with approximately 14.1 billion of public 
investments. In addition to its public holdings, Liberty Entertainment had attributed cash and liquid investments of just 
over 1 billion at quarter end. Total cash and public holdings approximated 15.1 billion, well in excess of the 2.6 billion 
face amount of attributed debt. Before we turn to Liberty Capital, I'll next hand it over to Bob Clasen who would like to 
say a few words about a number of exciting events at Starz Entertainment and Starz Media, 

Robert B. Clasen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Starz, LLC, Starz 
Entertainment and Starz Media 

Thanks, Chris. Starz had another strong quarter of growth, and our customers continue to tune in. The Starz flagship 
channel finished first in total day ratings among premium networks for ten of the first 26 weeks this year. Prior to this 
year, Starz had never finished first in the weekly premium network ratings. We continue to execute on our year-long 
branding campaign which will be centered around our first original dramatic series, Crash, which will premier on Starz 
October 17th. Our affiliates have responded enthusiastically to our original strategy, and we plan to use a variety of 
platforms to promote the series including sample episodes via promotional channels, On Demand, and the Internet, and 
we have a concentrated multimedia ad campaign set for the end of September. 

Our affiliates have also embraced our continually expanding offerings of HD channels. In the past few months we have 
launched Starz HD on DirecTV, Dish Network, Time Warner, Charter Communications, and others. Earlier this month 
we launched Encore HD, our fifth distinct high-def channel. Dish Network has already added it to their line-up, and 


other distributors including Comcast will follow shortly. 

The core business of Starz Entertainment has always been to sell our services Wholesale to affiliates who in turn 
market them to the consumer often in a package which provides much more compelling consumer value. This quarter 
we announced our first affiliation agreement for Starz Play with Verizon Communications which is offering the service 
to 8.5 million Verizon high speed data customers. Starz Play is a subscription-based video download service for 
delivering movies over the Internet that can be bundled with a subscription to the Starz channels and/or a subscription 
to high speed Internet services. 

On the Starz Media side, revenue for the quarter declined by 13% versus a year ago while operating income was flat. 
We continue to expect that the company will generate negative operating results for the coming two to three years as 
we continue to invest in producing and marketing programming. Overture Films' The Visitor has proved to be the 
surprise indie hit of the summer. It opened on April 11, and is still in theaters today finishing in the top 10 or 15 films 
for many of the weeks since it opened. It will be a strong seller on the home video market where we will debut it in 
October, and on the Starz channels. 

Mad Money, the first Overture film, which opened in theaters last January, hit home entertainment in June through our 
Anchor Bay Home Video Company. The film was the biggest selling new theatrical release the week it debuted and has 
generated 25 million in gross revenue since then. Mad Money will be on the Starz channels and Starz Play later this 
year blazing the trails for other Overture films as we pursue our strategy of aggregating audiences across multiple 
distribution platforms. 

Overture shifts into high gear in the coming weeks. Henry Poole is Here starring Luke Wilson opens August 15, that's 
Friday; Traitor starring Don Cheadle and Guy Pearce opens August 27, and Righteous Kill starring Robert De Niro and 
Al Pacino premiers September 12th. Anchor Bay Entertainment will handle the home video release of all these films 
and continue its strategy of acquiring and producing low budget films for limited theatrical and then home video 
release. The next one, Surfer Dude starring Matthew McConaughey with Willie Nelson and Woody Harrelson, 
premiers theatrically in September. 

At Film Roman, production is underway on season 20 of The Simpsons and season 13 of King of the Hill, also two 
Marvel series are started in production, along with The Goode Family to premier this fall on ABC. Film Roman is also 
producing a prequel movie, Dead Space to coincide with Electronic Arts' highly anticipated game coming out this fall, 
and our Toronto studio has three CGI animated features that are in production for other studios. Finally, we're 
encouraged that Space Chimps, our animated feature film co-produced with Vanguard Films, and distributed by Fox is 
performing well at the box office, generating over 25 million in revenue through this weekend. These developments in 
the second quarter and the projects on tap are all designed to help us become an even more fully integrated media 
company capable of producing all types of programming for distribution on all platforms. And now I'll hand it back to 
Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Bob. These next slides address the Liberty Capital tracking stock group. During the quarter Liberty Capital 
revenue increased 33% to $174 million while LCAPA's adjusted OIBDA loss increased 40 million. LCAPA's revenue 
growth was due to the inclusion of the Atlanta Braves; the adjusted OIBDA loss was primarily due to marketing and 
advertising costs associated with several Overture Films at Starz Media. Now, let's take a look at the Liberty Capital 
liquidity picture. 

Liberty Capital Group has attributed cash and public investments of 6.8 billion and attributed debt of 4.9 billion. 
During the second quarter and through July 31st, Liberty repurchased 18.1 million shares of its Series "A" Liberty 
Capital common stock at an average price of $14.79 for a total cash consideration of 267 million. These repurchases 
represent 14% of the shares outstanding. 

With that said, I'll now turn the call back to Greg for a quick recap of the quarter. 


Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Chris, and thank you to Mike and Bob for your updates on your respective businesses. These are obviously 
challenging times externally, but they're exciting times at Liberty. We continue to focus on maximizing shareholder 
value through driving strong operating results with our management team, managing our portfolio of assets among and 
within each of the tracking stocks, and executing on innovative financial transactions. I'd say overall, we produced 
solid results this quarter. We'll continue to strive to create better investor options, support, streamline our operations, 
identify additional strategic transactions and further refine and simplify our structure. As always, stay tuned. 

Thank you for listening today and thank you for your continued interest in Liberty. I'd now like to open the call for 
questions, Operator. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Kit Spring from Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Hi, can you comment on what you think the proper leverage ratio is for DirecTV, and then your 
take on a DirecTV/Dish merger if that's remotely possible either now or in the future? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'll comment briefly, and then obviously of course I'll ask John if he's got any incremental 
thoughts. But on leverage at DTV, I think it's clearly under levered. The right number frankly today is not a function of 
what would be optimal in some textbook or some theoretical condition; it's optimal given market conditions and how 
much you need to or want to chase debt you don't need to execute on today in a very ugly environment. 

DirecTV executed on some debt transactions which looked very clever and well-timed given when they did them. At 
the time they might have looked expensive, but today they look a hell of a lot less expensive than if you were asked to 
do them today. So, they have a ton of liquidity relative to their needs. They are on a measured and appropriate buy back 
we're enthusiastic about. Talking about the long-term theoretical leverage is probably not so relevant while we're sitting 
in a market where you don't need to chase the debt. 

As far as Dish and DTV, I'm not sure exactly why that got such a round of enthusiastic media and slash investor 
attention over the last two or three weeks. There really hasn't been anything that's occurred or changed the market 
conditions other than potentially some people projecting on the impact or the foretelling of a Sirius-XM merger and 
what it might mean. I don't know what's changed or whether that could be done. Obviously there are a ton of synergies 
out there. That deal had challenges once; whether it could be done today in a different environment, I don't know 
enough about it. 

<A - John Malone>: My view would be 2.5 to 3 times leverage for the U.S. entity because if you look at the taxability 
of its current financial statement – however, debt availability and debt cost right now is prohibitive, but on a theoretical 
basis, that would be a pretty stable long-term point. And, of course, one would want to also put leverage into the little 
Latin American businesses, both South America and Mexico in order to get higher equity returns there. Neither of those 
are currently levered, and they both produce a lot of free cash flow at this point. So there is an opportunity for enhanced 
shareholder returns through the use of leverage over time, once the capital markets return to normal type situation. 

And I agree with Greg, I don't understand why the journalists all of the sudden discovered the potential of a merger of 
Echo with Direct. We've talked about it frequently in the past. It would be very synergistic if it were doable, however, 
we don't see that the regulatory environment has changed since the last time we made comments on the subject, and we 
think it would be problematic to try and merge the two companies in the current regulatory environment. 

<Q - Kit Spring>: Thank you. 

<A>: Thank you. Next question please. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Andy Baker with Jefferies & Company. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: Can you talk about with, I guess Interactive Corp's split up; one issue starts tomorrow, and I guess 
it starts regularly next week. Can you talk about the different pieces there, which you think are interesting? Obviously 
buried this question is what you think about HSN going forward, and are there any restrictions to your ability to make 
an offer or do they have any shareholder protections, et cetera, and do you think having seven I guess publicly traded 
companies how as held by Liberty Interactive as opposed to just three – is that – I think that's sort of bad for the 
transparency of that tracker. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think we commented before, we're enthusiastic about the spins. We believe that they will 
provide probably increased options and choices, both for the shareholders of those companies including ourselves. And 
we are – we'll see how those respective companies trade, whether value is created, whether some of them are ultimately 
sold, and whether we become a potential buyer of them. It will really be a function of what are they trading at and 
what's going on at the time. 

Obviously the one that's been the most discussed for 10 or 15 years is potential combination with HSN. We've 
previously expressed our interest at the right price. We don't know enough about where we'll trade. We probably don't 
even know enough about its operations these days. It does appear, to their credit, HSN is doing better. We'll see how 
long that trend continues, and we'll see where it trades, and we'll take a look at the appropriate time. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: In terms of their – I'm not that familiar with their sort of structure going forward. Are there 
restrictions to your ability to pursue a control path there? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: We have a – some restrictions as a shareholder including I think we're roughly 30% of the 
votes and economics in the four spun companies. We have a restriction not to increase our percentage above 35. 
Ultimately whether a friendly deal on or own in the marketplace – ultimately whether a friendly deal could be 
negotiated with their Board of Directors for shareholders of those companies remains to be seen. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: Thanks, Greg. 

<A - John Malone>: We basically have agreed to no aggressive acts for a period of two years. No public bear hugs, 
nothing of that nature. But we have – there's no limitation on private discussions between Liberty and the Boards of 
Directors of the spun companies. We also have certain limitations as Greg said on increasing our ownership basically 
capped at a 5% incremental ownership without making some kind of a deal. And on the down side we have certain 
limitations with respect to the sale of portions of our holdings in the various spun companies. There are no – there is no 
change in our relationship with the core IAC or what they're calling new IAC. That remains as it has in the past with 
two classes of stock and really no restrictions, no new restrictions relative to Liberty's relationship there. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: And your Board representation can be proportionate to your economic interests? 

<A - John Malone>: We've negotiated for at least 20% of the Board in each case, however in order to maintain the 
Sarbanes-Oxley requirements, our designees need to be a mix of insider and independent directors. 

<Q - Andy Baker>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth from Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thanks for taking my questions. First one on QVC, and then a couple of structural things. 
First just in terms of the product mix at QVC, clearly shifting in a tough environment with less jewelry and home. Do 
you think you're at the right mix now in how you continue to hold margins there if you shift further, and then a couple 
questions structurally. What needs to be done to effectuate a hard spin of LMDIA and simplify DirecTV ownership and 


also would you consider creating a tracking stock for DirecTV Latin America given the fact that you don't think it's 
fairly reflected in DTV shares. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I will comment if I could for one sec on QVC and then let Mike probably be far more 
illuminating. I think what you're seeing happening at QVC is a function of what the consumer is choosing, not 
necessarily what QVC is pushing or promoting. Much the way that eBay sees consumer growth drive their categories, 
you've seen a shift in the marketplace where jewelry because of prices, gold increasing so dramatically, and home 
products probably somewhat driven by less remodels and the like. You've seen an overall macro environment where 
those categories are less attractive and innovation in consumer electronics has driven CE to be a larger share of the 
retail environment overall. QVC's results reflect that. And I think they've done an excellent job of – given that some of 
those categories are lower gross margin categories, they've done an excellent job of controlling costs to offset the lower 
initial mark-on that they're receiving. Mike, do you want to add to that? 

<A - Mike George>: I'd just second that comment. I think it really is a function of what the consumer is excited about 
right now. As Greg pointed out, both the challenge that's been ongoing in the jewelry market, and then as you all know, 
the apparel industry is in very tough shape in general, and our apparel business has been not as bad as what we've seen 
at retail, but certainly challenged, and those tend to be your two higher gross margin categories. But I do believe over 
time those things ebb and flow, and that we can over a long period of time maintain relatively stable margins. 

So consumer electronics is hot right now, it comes at a much lower margin rate, but I see those as more short-term in 
nature. The one other thing that's affecting us in addition to the product mix that Greg described is that our Today's 
Special Value which is our best deal of the day and it's typically about 15% of our business; has been for a long period 
of time. That business over the last several months has been growing faster than the rest of the business, which I do 
think, again, reflects in this environment the customer is really interested in the best possible value she can find. And so 
while the growth isn't really disproportionate, it is somewhat faster and that also suppresses your total margin. But all 
of those are things that I think will ebb and flow and again over the long run we – I think we can maintain relatively 
stable margins. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thanks, Mike. On your second point about LMDAI spin potential, I think we've been public in 
suggesting that there are certain time limitations in our deal with Newscorp that would prohibit us from doing that for a 
period. That's not an overwhelmingly long period given the timing of the February close. We've certainly not 
committed to any course of action, but we look at them all, and when that – our contractual restrictions are terminated, 
we'll have more freedom to make decisions. 

As far as DTV Latin America and a spin, I think we'll look to the DTV management team to drive that, but I think 
we're of like mind that that business is not fully reflected in the stock price. Whether a tracker or ultimately a spin 
makes sense, I think those are a function of the maturity of that business, its ability to operate on its own, and for what 
purpose. I think Chase Carey would say if it's just a corporate finance valuation thing in the short term, and he's not as 
excited, if it opens up new opportunities, and I think it might, and I think he and I agree it might, we'll probably look 
for things to do down the road. But we'll look for DTV management to drive that, but I think we're of like mind. 

<Q - Douglas Anmuth>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Just had one question for Dr. Malone. Most investors seem to understand that LCAPA is trading 
at a steep discount, but it seems like the strategic issue is you don't have a cash generative asset of size to take 
advantage of that. And in that context at least when we speak to LCAPA holders, all of them seem to prefer a cash 
generative asset, even one that's declining like AOL Dial to a passive equity stake in TWX plus cash. So my question 
is, would you consider doing a transaction that may not necessarily have strategic merits for the rest of the Liberty 
enterprise but makes financial sense in the context of LCAPA? Thanks. 


<A - John Malone>: I think as Greg mentioned, LCAPA's strategy is a work in process, and whether or not a cash 
regenerative series of investments would take the form of capital investments, debt investments perhaps which, as you 
know, we are doing some of or whether it would be an operating business is not entirely clear. I think it's a function of 
value and price and opportunity. Clearly an exit from the Time Warner equity stake into a cash generating asset would 
be attractive, but at the current time, none have been proposed that we could take action on. But we would certainly 
continue to try and maintain good relations with Jeff [Bewkes, Time Warner CEO] and the Time Warner folks in the 
event that such a transaction would present itself. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I would add, we're pleased to see TWX is up, off of some bottoms, and we're happy for Jeff 
and for our shareholders – his shareholders and our shareholders for it. And it might be just – to finish on John's point, 
it might be worth reiterating our view of LCAPA which is to the fact that it's clearly trading at a large discount to its 
pre-tax number, a smaller discount to its liquidated, hard asset tax number. Where we have excess liquidity, we will try 
and chip away at the shares, if it's below both pre-tax and after-tax liquidation value. Where we see value to do swaps 
as John pointed out, we certainly will, but in general we see a benefit to delaying recognition of the tax liabilities and to 
keeping the thing alive because of the shields generated off the exchangeables. So we're working for ways to find cash 
generating assets or attractive financial assets and continue to do tax efficient transactions and chip away at the equity 
as appropriate. 

<A - John Malone>: As you know, LCAPA's tax posture has been extremely complex and to some degree uncertain. 
Some of that complexity and uncertainty is slowly being resolved with the passage of time and various settlements with 
the IRS as they close out prior years. And so to some degree, our inability to execute a clear strategy is a function of 
that uncertainty and complexity. So to some degree, as I say, it's the residue company, and it is fairly complex in its tax 
and capital posture. To me that makes it interesting, but it also creates challenges in terms of a straightforward strategy 
for its future. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thanks, Jason. Next question, please. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Good morning guys, if I could ask a couple to Greg and John. One would be, to take the 
comments you just made about LCAPA and apply them to the Entertainment group where you have, I think some cash 
generation, a lot of cash on hand, and a buy back plan, are you restricted from buying back that stock given some of the 
comments you made about your Newscorp agreement and the LMDIA tracker? And then second probably more 
interesting is if you look long-term at the DirecTV balance sheet, cash flow generation in relationship to Liberty you've 
got a lot of financial firepower. It's pretty clear from their quarter that they are starting to see real operating leverage 
from the HD investments they've made. Where would you like to see that money go outside of equity shrink, given the 
network DVR decision recently? There's certainly some fears out there that the advertising environment – or the 
advertising business on TV is going to get tougher, even taking the cyclical aspect out of it. Does that change your view 
of where DirecTV should be, say, five years from now in terms of vertical integration or do you see this as a pure play 
subscription business that should just stick to its knitting. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: On the LMDIA buy back, yes, we do have a fine couple of cash flow generating assets there in 
the Liberty Sports Group, obviously Starz the biggest, some out of GSN, but we do have also 550 million of 
exchangeable debt attributed plus 1.9 billion we took on in the swap transaction to increase our stake. So while we have 
cash generation, we also have a reasonably high amount of debt and no clear path in the short term to pay all that off, so 
I think before we were aggressive in pursuing an LMDIA buy back, we'd want to know what the repayment – short of 
share liquidation – what the repayment methodology is. So that's been consistent. The difference at LCAPA is we have 
what we believe is excess liquidity against long-term debt rather than 1.9 billion of bank debt. 


On the DTV growth, I think you're increasingly going to see where DirecTV has a very successful business in the U.S. 
that will slow over time inevitably and will generate a lot more free cash flow. Some of that will undoubtedly be 
devoted to share repurchase, and, again, this is probably Liberty's view. We're a major shareholder but we're not the 
determinant, but I think the Board is of like mind. Some of that will be devoted to share purchase. Whether there are 
vertical integration assets that are worth pursuing, I think the marketplace is somewhat dubious of those kind of 
transactions, and it will take convincing all the way around to make that happen, but it's something that we'll look at in 
every case when they're out there. And we have a different situation in the Latin American business which will grow to 
be a larger and larger percentage of the business. Growth environment, non-consolidated cash flow in some cases -cash 
flows that are sometimes difficult to repatriate or sporadically get repatriated with less consistency. And you'll be 
pursuing probably more of a growth strategy there, and I would encourage to think about other markets for growth that 
may be different and may be subscription businesses outside the U.S. and outside of Latin America. I think those are all 
potentially there at DTV LatAm that probably make more sense than DTV U.S. 

<A - John Malone>: I think the reality right now is that DTV is trading at a forward multiple of perhaps four times. It's 
pretty hard for them not to think primarily about shrinking their equity when they're trading at that kind of a price, and 
despite the credit situations around the world, similar assets if you want to go buy them seem to be asking prices north 
of a ten multiple. That's just too large a discrepancy in valuation expectation for DirecTV to do much other than shrink 
its equity and maybe grow organically which are great opportunities, especially in Latin America. 

So acquisitions, whether horizontal or vertical, look to me to be problematic because of valuations right now. 
Meanwhile DirecTV, A, is not sensitive to advertising revenue like the rest of the media businesses, and B, has focused 
heavily on sports – live, real-time, high definition sports – which seem to be the least vulnerable to issues of PVRs and 
other competitive incursions. Right now you have to say that their strategy is dead on, which is equity shrink, continue 
to look over their shoulder at Greg and try and figure out what the ultimate rationalization between their public shares 
and Liberty Media, Liberty Entertainment are, which is clearly somewhere like minds are going to come together, and 
there has to be some rationalization of the businesses. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think just to emphasize John's point, one of the things that's attractive in this environment 
about Liberty Media as a whole, compared to pretty much every other major media company, we are the least 
ad-related, least ad-sensitive media group out there of the traditional media companies. So subscriptions and 
transactions are where we're making our money, and that's a good place to be today. 

<Q - Benjamin Swinburne>: Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Alan Gould with Natixis. 

<Q - Alan Gould>: Thank you. I've got a question for Mike George. Mike, I'm looking at your results versus the HSN 
results, and I recognize it's a difficult environment and you're three times the size of them, but for the first time it seems 
that their metrics are growing a little bit better than yours. Is it just easier comps or are they doing something different 
than you? 

<A - Mike George>: That's hard for me to speculate exactly on what the competition is doing. As Greg said earlier, 
you have to give them credit, that they've had some nice growth in the last few quarters. Their sales per customer and 
per subscriber are obviously well below ours, and they have had difficult sales for a few years, so the comparisons are a 
little bit different. And of course their profit margins are well below ours, and so there's a much bigger gap in profit per 
customer than sales per customer even. So I do think that gives you some room to do good things, and they are doing 
good things in terms of bringing in some new brands and freshening up their programming. So we watch them, and as 
we do all the competition, and try to learn where you can, but this is a business that obviously in QVC that's driven 
strong sales and profit growth over a long period of time, and so what we don't want to do is knee jerk in this current 
environment and radically change our programming mix. 


For example, if we – we've talked earlier about the fact that consumer electronics is a strong category. And it tends to 
be a very high ASP category. It's a category we could grow at a much more rapid rate than we are growing it at, and 
give us the short term sales boost, but we think that always comes back to haunt you when the categories slow down 
and when you start to lack diversity on the programming calendar. 

So those are the things that drive us – and again you'd have to look to HSN to see what drives them. But we're trying to 
in this environment still maintain a fairly diverse programming mix, keep freshening the calendar, not go too quickly 
after the hot businesses, and we learned in Germany a few years ago that when you do that, it comes back to hurt you. 
And we're also again being careful not to get too aggressive on the promotional front and maintain a more steady state 
on the promotional front. 

So I think those are the things that tend to guide our business, and we think over time that will continue to pay off in 
terms of strong results over the long-term, but clearly we're frustrated and disappointed by the weaker results in the 
short term, and it's always motivating for the team to have someone to compete against, so we're delighted to see the 
resurgence in HSN because it gives us another rallying cry. 

<A - John Malone>: I think it's fair to say that you have to compare HSN performance with history. It's really in a 
turn-around mode now. If you look back two or three years, they're still operating substantially below where they were 
two to three years ago. So they had a -- perhaps a problem which they're now fixing, and so it's hard to compare growth 
from a deteriorated situation with growth from a consistently strongly performing situation. And I think that that should 
be taken into account. I think they're doing the right things in trying to get back to where they were two to three years 
ago and beyond at HSN, but it still needs to be looked at in the context of a turn-around from a deteriorated situation as 
opposed to growth from a high. I mean Q is operating today at an all-time high. Its growth rate has slowed, but it is 
operating at an all-time high, whereas H is operating roughly at 50% of where it was at its high performance mark; so 
you have to look at it that way. 

<Q - Alan Gould>: Thank you. 

<A - John Malone>: Maybe 60%. I want to give the devil his due. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks very much. A couple questions for Bob and then a couple for Greg and John. Bob, 
just a clarification. Encore subs dropped sequentially which was the first time we've seen that in a long time, and can 
you give us some underpinning of the economics of the Starz Play via V deals? And then for Greg or John, John, you 
just introduced the concept that Time Warner hasn't offered you anything yet that you found interesting for an LCAPA 
swap. Have they introduced an AOL narrow band swap, I guess is the question there. And then Greg, I'm not sure if 
you can confirm this or not, but I'm interested if you can confirm that you're working on a hard spin for Liberty 
Entertainment? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'll take the Time Warner one, since I probably have more dialogue on that than John. We have 
good dialogue with Jeff and with Olaf Olafsson, who is in the Strategy group there. We went through a long, difficult 
process on the Braves. We know each other because of that. That was a hard transaction. And we – I think they would 
come talk to us given our ability to effect a tax-efficient transaction for both parties. They would certainly come talk to 
us when they were disposing of anything if there was a rationale. And as I said, we have good dialogue with them. 

Obviously I can't comment on any LMDIA spin other than to tell you that today we have no intention to do that. We 
look at every opportunity that we can think of to be clever and smart and efficient for our shareholders, but obviously 
we make no announcement until we've made some decisions. While I was giving that so that the Starz team could pull 
their numbers, and Bob, do you have -


<A - Robert Clasen>: Encore units, June '07 to June '08 were up 10%. 


<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: I was thinking sequentially, Bob. 

<A - Robert Clasen>: Sequentially. 

<A>: Over first quarter 

<A - Robert Clasen>: Okay. While we're looking at that, I'll just comment on the Verizon deal with Starz Play. I think 
the key to this deal is the general approach we're taking with Starz Play, that it is a value-added product. And it adds 
value to the current Starz video customers and/or to the current Verizon high speed customer, so it's designed to be 
packaged. It is not a stand alone product, it's a value-added product. And the particular economics are intricately 
involved with the whole Verizon deal. They're doing very well with our video product at selling in over 45%. So we're 
very pleased with that, and we don't make comments specifically on it, but Starz Play is a value add proposition, not a 
standalone proposition, meant to be packaged with either our current Starz customers at Verizon and/or with high 
speed. And quarter-to-quarter 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Quarterly performance. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Again, it was minor drop 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Why don't we take that offline if we could, Doug – if we can get it, we'll come back and 
answer – if we get it during this call, or we'll take it offline and follow it up with you, Doug, okay? 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Appreciate that. Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from April Horace with Janco Partners. 

<Q - April Horace>: Hi, a couple quick questions on Liberty Interactive. It looks like the e-commerce businesses is 
now starting to represent about 10% of the revenue. Is there a goal in mind as to what kind of ratio you want with 
respect to Liberty Interactive and how much e-commerce should represent of the total? And then could you give the 
percentage of Internet purchases from the international perspective and whether that's growing or not? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I'll handle the first, and Mike, if you'd cover the second. On the first part, I think it's a little bit 
like theoretical debt levels. There's no number that we can point to. What we tell you is that if we could find more 
businesses like the ones that we have bought, we would buy them. We just don't have that many alternatives to buy 
well-positioned, protected, growing, reasonably priced with strong management teams Internet e-commerce businesses. 
We just don't see that many. We bought four that are overall performing very well. We bought them at what we think 
are very reasonable multiples. If you look at that growth against the e-commerce universe, they stand out and are 
performing quite well, and we purchased them at numbers which are well below the average multiple at which that 
e-commerce universe trades, so the combination feels very good. 

We'd look at anything from 50 million or less because if you look at things like Celebrate and RedEnvelope which are 
more kind of tuck-ins, we've bought things that were less, but sort of standalone, we'd probably look at anything from 
50 million to 5 billion. We can't find that many that we could buy at attractive prices. So I don't think we have a 
theoretical number. We have a first given the paucity of opportunities, we first look there, and then when we don't see 
that, we either look – we are looking at international expansion opportunities for QVC or share repurchase. That's our 
three places where free cash flow goes for Liberty Interactive. Mike, maybe you could comment on the growth of the 
Internet businesses internationally. 

<A - Mike George>: Let me give you the numbers. Our U.S. Internet business, as you know, was at 25% of our total 
sales. In the UK it was 19%, also about 19% in Japan, and about 12% in Germany. So that's dot com as a percent of our 
total sales. So it is smaller internationally, a little less mature, but growing at healthy rates, and I think it's fair to say 


that – I don't have the exact growth rate in front of me, but I think it's fair to say that in every market that penetration 
rate has continued to climb, so we do look globally at an expectation that our Internet business will increase as a 
percent of our total sales by 2 to 300 basis points per year, maybe a little bit faster in international markets given that 
they started from a lower base, and I think we continue to stay on that kind of trend line. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: In line with that, Mike, maybe you could comment on the growth in mobile particularly in 
Japan which is obviously an interesting form of – another form of form factor that's being utilized. 

<A - Mike George>: Yeah, Japan was the first of our markets with a mobile capability and they're running about 8% of 
their total sales are on mobile. It was introduced a couple years ago, so to go from 0 to 8 is obviously an encouraging 
development. We did launch a mobile platform in the UK last fall. I'm going to say that's still in the 1% of sales range. 
So it's at an early stage. And we will be launching the first phase of a mobile application in the US in the next month or 
two. Clearly I don't think we'll see numbers like the Japan numbers because that market is obviously much more 
accustomed to doing a lot on the mobile phone, but I do think that it suggests that there is potential to have this sort of 
QVC on-the-go kind of platform. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I guess in line with that, what you see is the U.S. is the most developed PC, traditional Internet 
market. Some of the other markets are ahead in mobile phones, the other markets like the UK, maybe you can comment 
briefly as well Mike on the Buy button on BSkyB because QVC is being able to adapt well to new platforms, whether it 
be Internet in the U.S. which is the most mature, mobile in Japan or examples like the BSkyB in UK. 

<A - Mike George>: Yeah, on the QVC Buy button in the UK, we call it QVC Active, and as you may recall we have 
had for a number of years a platform where you could order on your remote control. We recently this year have 
launched a real expanded version of that service, and starting in September you'll now be able to essentially view four 
different TV channels by navigating on your remote control. The main channel that we're broadcasting live, you can 
also view the same channel, but the programming that was on the previous hour, so if there's a jewelry program on right 
now that you're not interested in, you could pull up the beauty program and watch that from the prior hour. That's the 
first of the additional channels. The second additional channel is a 24-hour channel devoted solely to our beauty 
category, and the third additional channel is a channel that just focuses on our key promotions of the day. 

So we're very excited about that technology. Clearly that's a different video platform and market in the UK than in the 
U.S., for example. But I think it speaks to how this industry is going to evolve over time where between mobile, 
Internet, and the convergence between Internet and TV, there's just going to be a lot of choices about how to get rich 
video content on demand. We're conducting a few more minor experiments in the U.S. that we're not quite in a position 
to talk about, but looking at various sorts of VOD and Buy button kinds of tests, but obviously a much more complex 
and diverse platform in the U.S. which makes it a little more challenging, but between the Japan mobile learning and 
UK learnings, we think there's a lot to build on. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So I think – thank you, Mike. I think we have the answer to Doug's question on sequential 
Encore subs. 

<A - Robert Clasen>: First of all, Doug, great pickup. We've got 31 million customers, and we were off from the first 
quarter by 150,000 Encore customers. These customers were from essentially three affiliates who either had declines in 
subscribers during that quarter or repackaged as one of them did. All three of them are from our so-called fixed rate 
affiliates who pay specific amounts on an annualized basis... 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Regardless of the sub number. 

<A - Robert Clasen>: And so a decline doesn't affect our revenue. And that would be the reason. But good pickup. It 
only took three of us ten minutes to find that. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Great. Thank you. Operator, I think we're on our last question. 

Operator 


Our last question comes from Scott Devitt from Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Thanks a lot. Two questions, please, on LINTA. First, could you just talk through the areas of 
CapEx reduction relative to last year? I think there was an international FC last year, but it would be helpful to have 
some clarity there. And then separately I believe Amazon in their second quarter did about 4 billion in revenue at a 7% 
EBITDA margin. And QVC did one-eighth at 22% OIBDA margin. Amazon has a presence in all QVC markets now, 
so given that the infrastructure of the businesses are pretty similar, I'm just interested in your thoughts on whether or 
not the increase in SKUs on the internet and the lower margins and the guaranteed free shipping represents a risk to 
QVC, or if you think your SKUs are protected long-term and your demographic less at risk. Thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Mike, I assume you want to handle those? 

<A - Mike George>: Yeah, I'll jump in. On CapEx, the primary differences from the last two years is that we've 
completed a round of significant infrastructure expansion, distribution centers going up in Japan and in the U.S. and 
significant expansions of our DCs in UK and Germany. And that's – that really drove a bubble in CapEx. We are 
looking – over time we don't see another substantial wave of infrastructure requirements for a number of years other 
than building a call center in Germany that is underway. And in fact we've put in place a lot of strategies to try to 
mitigate the need for infrastructure. For example we're launching in September the use of home agents, tied to 
representatives at call centers, and we think changes in technology will enable us to meet our expanding customer 
service needs, for example, agents rather than through build out a physical plant. Those are the kinds of things we're 
doing to – part of it is a natural bubble that occurred in the evolution of our business, and part of it is strategies we're 
putting in place to be tighter and more productive in how we deploy capital. 

On the question about margins and the risk from Internet competitors, it's certainly something we pay a lot of attention 
to, but at this point, it is not something that causes us a great deal of concern any more than any form of competition is 
always a concern. Part of what you see in our – there are a number of things that drive our superior EBITDA results 
versus an Amazon or those kinds of players. First is product mix. The mix of products we sell tend to be higher margin 
kinds of products, so that – everything we sell, we sell at a value. Everything we sell has to be sold at a price that is 
advantageous to the prevailing retail price, and that advantage ranges 20 to 50% based on our store audits. So, it's not 
that we're not providing products that aren't already a great value, but we do have a heavy mix toward categories like 
apparel, accessories, beauty, and jewelry that are much higher margin categories than, say, books and music. So that's 
part of the difference. 

Part of that difference is the efficiency of the model. We don't obviously have huge expenses that go toward advertising 
which most Internet players do, search advertising and the like because of the power of our TV channel as a draw to 
bring traffic to the Internet. And so for all those reasons, we don't see a ton of pressure on margins. It's a factor. We pay 
attention to it. We try to increase our value all the time, but don't see that sort of SKU proliferation as a huge risk to us. 

<Q - Scott Devitt>: Thank you. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. If I could just thank everyone for joining us and make a couple of remarks. Liberty has been probably 
known for a long time for financial innovation. I think increasingly in this difficult environment, I'm pleased to say 
we're seeing strength in our operations and the management team and innovations in things like ODAT that are 
showing another side that gives us another way to add value and hopefully we'll be able to see that reflected in the 
share price to our shareholders going forward. 

Thank you very much for joining us this morning, and we'll look forward to speaking with you next quarter, if not at 
our Investor Day in September. 

Operator 


This concludes today's Liberty Media Corporation quarterly earnings conference call. Thank you for attending, and 
have a good day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


