Q4 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 
• Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 
• Robert B. Clasen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Starz 
Other Participants 

• Doug Mitchelson 
• James Ratcliffe 
• David Gober 
• Jason Bazinet 
• Thomas Eagan 
• Matthew Harrigan 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day and welcome to the Liberty Media Corporation Quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being 
recorded. 

This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, including statements about financial guidance, business strategies, market potential, future 
financial performance, new service and product launches, and other matters that are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the 
date of this presentation, and Liberty expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in Liberty's expectations with regard 
thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

Please refer to the publicly filed documents of Liberty, including the most recent Form 10-K for additional information 
about Liberty and about the risks and uncertainties related to Liberty's business, which may affect the statements made 
in this presentation. On today's call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. The required definitions 
and reconciliations can be found at the end of this presentation, which is posted on our website. 

At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Greg Maffei. Please go ahead, sir. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, and thank you all for joining us this morning and your interest in Liberty Media. Today we're going to talk 
about the year overall and review the quarter by tracker. We are also going to discuss the operating performance at the 
subsidiaries we control. We will cover some of the transactions we went through in Q4 and subsequent to the quarter's 


end, and some other developments that we've had ongoing. 

With me are our controller, Chris Shean, who will discuss our attributed businesses' financial results and liquidity 
picture for each of the three trackers; QVC CEO, Mike George, who will discuss the developments at QVC; Starz 
CEO, Bob Clasen, who will review recent events at Starz; also on the call and available are QVC CFO, Dan O'Connell; 
Starz President and COO, Bill Myers; and Starz CFO Glenn Curtis, and several other senior Liberty executives. As I 
said, all will be available at the end to answer questions after the prepared remarks. 

No surprise that 2008 was a volatile year for Liberty as it was for literally all the businesses in the United States and 
perhaps the world. All of our equities were significantly affected, though some less than others. We're working on the 
factors that are under our control, in terms of reducing risk, reducing costs, maintaining liquidity and maintaining 
flexibility and I think we made good progress on several fronts, particularly in light of the financial environment, the 
retail environment and we are happy with that progress. 

At Liberty Interactive, we worked to increase liquidity. We drew down on our bank facility. We changed the attribution 
of the Viacom exchangeable debt, which added its fair value for that debt 380 million in cash to Liberty Interactive and 
we continued the process of selling some of our high-basis non-high vote or low vote shares of IAC. We reduced debt 
at Liberty Interactive by repurchasing our senior notes by about 1.4 billion, on average we paid about $0.86 for those 
and that's going to reduce our interest expense going forward, because we paid less on our borrowings there under the 
bank facility than we do on that straight debt. 

Our eCommerce companies continue to do well in a tough environment. They are focused on the interplay between 
content, community and commerce and that has worked well for them. We completed several fold-in acquisitions, 
including companies like Commerce -- excuse me, Red Envelope and CelebrateExpress. And we had success as we 
rolled out new ODATs, One-Deal-At-a-Time, in that business including Waycheap, Chainlove and other new ODATs 
that we have. 

QVC, obviously the largest element in that Liberty Interactive business, continued to generate significant levels of 
adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow in a difficult environment. QVC Japan in particular continued its recovery from the 
health and beauty regulation enforcement of 2007. It posted strong operating results. 

Turning now to Liberty Entertainment at the highest level, we obviously introduced the tracker back in March and 
announced the split off of the majority of assets and liabilities, the reconstituted split off in December. Last month we 
filed the required documents with the SEC, IRS and FCC to proceed with this split off. Some have asked and to note 
the Sirius investment that we have made and are proposing to make further will not affect the timing of that split off. 
During the course of 2008, through our own actions and share repurchase by DIRECTV, we increased our stake from 
41% of the economics at DIRECTV to approximately 54%. In addition as you may recall, we are at 48% of the votes 
under a standstill agreement with the company. 

As I mentioned, our stake went up both through the repurchase by DIRECTV. They are continuing to remain a 
significant free cash flow generator and a relatively under leveraged something like 0.6 net leverage on a pro forma 
basis company, and they have announced the extension of their buybacks. So we will expect our share will continue to 
increase there, our economic stake. 

But in addition, we did through our own transaction purchased about 78 million shares in a low-cost collar, with 
attractive financing that looks particularly low cost and attractive today. So those combination have driven us to 54 and 
with their announced repurchase extension, we expect to go higher. We continue to remain very pleased with that 
company and with the swap we did with News Corp. On a mark basis, given both their strength and the relative 
weakness of News Corp, we're ahead by something like $8 billion, as well as increased basis, strategic flexibility and 
other valuable elements. 

As I noted DIRECTV continues to perform quite well. Starz Entertainment also performs well in a challenging 
environment. Seemingly affirming that these -- that subscription businesses are more recession resistant than some of 
our other businesses. 


At Liberty Capital, we bought in 33.2 million shares. That's about 26% on a cumulative basis of all the shares that were 
outstanding at that time that tracker began trading. Just last month, this month rather we announced also that we would 
be extending 530 million in loans to Sirius XM. We think that's a good deal for Liberty Capital, as well as for Sirius 
XM. We like the fundamentals of the satellite radio business. We like the management team, we like the fact that they 
have been able to grow subscribers even in a very difficult financial and auto environment. And we are optimistic about 
the position we have, which is a secured senior debt position and the upside we have with approximately 40% of the 
company in the form of warrants. 

So we think there's relative safety on our capital and upside for our shareholders. We are working diligently to 
complete Phase II of that transaction, at which we will actually receive that 40% of the equity and hope to have news 
on that in the coming weeks. With that high-level view of the year and quarter, let me turn it over to Chris to talk about 
the financial results at Liberty Interactive. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Greg. Liberty Interactive Group's revenue decreased 4% to 2.38 billion in the fourth quarter and increased 4% 
to 8.08 billion for the year, while adjusted OIBDA declined 21% to 432 million for the quarter and 8% to 1.56 billion 
for the year. QVC, the primary driver of results amongst the Liberty Interactive attributed assets, continues to operate 
in a challenging retail environment and its total revenue decreased 8% in the fourth quarter to 2.14 billion and 1% to 

7.3 billion for the year, while adjusted OIBDA decreased 22% to 416 million in the fourth quarter and 9% to 1.5 billion 
for the year. 
Liberty Interactive's other eCommerce businesses, which include Provide Commerce, Backcountry.com, 
Bodybuilding.com and BUYSEASONS again posted strong financial results and continue to grow at a rapid pace. In 
total, our eCommerce businesses experienced revenue growth of 65% in the fourth quarter and 92% for the year. 
Adjusted OIBDA grew 19% in the fourth quarter and 78% for the year. The increase in revenue for the quarter was 
primarily driven by the impact of Bodybuilding.com acquisition, which happened at the end of 2007, and strong 
organic growth at the other eCommerce companies. 

The increase in revenue for the year was due to the same fourth-quarter factors, as well as the inclusion of a full-year of 
results for Backcountry.com. The increase in adjusted OIBDA for the quarter was due to organic growth at certain of 
the eCommerce companies and the Bodybuilding.com acquisition. The increase in the adjusted OIBDA for the year 
was due to the organic growth at most of the eCommerce companies and the Backcountry.com and Bodybuilding.com 
acquisitions. 

Now turning to QVC, their 2008 results. Its consolidated revenue declined 1% for the year to 7.3 billion, while adjusted 
OIBDA declined 9% to 1.5 billion. Domestic revenue decreased 6% during 2008 to 4.91 billion, as the mix of products 
sold shifted to beauty from the jewelry area. The average selling price increased 4%, while total units shipped declined 
8%. 2008 domestic adjusted OIBDA decreased 14% to 1.07 billion, while the adjusted OIBDA margin decreased 210 
basis points to 22%, primarily due to lower gross margin percentages, as a result of lower initial product margins across 
all product categories, higher inventory obsolescence and bad debt provisions, as well as not achieving leverage on our 
fixed cost base. These decreases in adjusted OIBDA margin were partially offset by an increase in QCard income and a 
decrease in marketing expenses. 

QVC.com sales continue to grow as a percentage of our overall domestic sales, rising from 22.2% in 2007 to 25.3% in 
2008. International revenue increased 9% to 2.39 billion during the year, while adjusted OIBDA grew 6% to 432 
million. Revenue growth was due to sales growth in all International markets, in addition to favorable foreign currency 
exchange rates in Germany and Japan. Adjusted OIBDA margins declined 58 basis points, primarily due to lower 
initial product margins and higher commission costs as a percentage of net revenue, due to new fixed rate agreements 
in the U.K. and Japan. 

In 2008, QVC U.K. local currency revenue increased 2% on a 2% growth in units. In Japan, QVC experienced 11% 
local currency revenue growth, with a 17% growth in units. QVC Japan has continued to successfully show gains in 


jewelry and apparel, and shift away from the health and beauty products due to the heightened regulatory focus on 
those products that began in 2007. In Germany, our business experienced revenue growth of 3% on a local currency 
basis, and 6% -- on a 6% growth in units. 

Now, we will review QVC's results for the fourth quarter. Consolidated revenue declined 8% to 2.14 billion, while 
adjusted OIBDA declined 22% to 416 million. Domestic revenue decreased 12% during the fourth quarter to 1.48 
billion, as the mix of products sold shifted from jewelry to beauty and to a lesser extent home products. 

The average selling price increased 3%, while total units shipped declined 12%. Fourth quarter domestic adjusted 
OIBDA decreased 29% to 282 million, while the adjusted OIBDA margin decreased 459 basis points to 19%, primarily 
due to lower gross margin percentages, as a result of lower initial product margins across all product areas, higher 
inventory obsolescence and bad debt provisions, as well as severance costs and not achieving leverage on our fixed cost 
base. These decreases in adjusted OIBDA margin are partially offset by an increase in QCard income and a decrease in 
marketing expenses. 

QVC.com sales continued to grow as a percentage of overall domestic sales, rising from 22.5% in 2007 to 27.8% in the 
fourth quarter of 2008. 

International revenue for the quarter decreased slightly to 655 million, including the impact of unfavorable foreign 
currency exchange rate in the U.K. and Germany, while adjusted OIBDA decreased 1% to 134 million. Adjusted 
OIBDA margins remained flat in the fourth quarter. 

In the fourth quarter, QVC U.K. local currency revenue decreased 4% on a 6% decline in units. In Japan, QVC 
experienced 19% local currency revenue growth, continuing the double-digit quarterly sales growth from the second 
quarter of 2008. Units shipped in Japan were up 22% for the quarter. In Germany, our business experienced revenue 
growth of 6% on a local currency basis with a 10% increase in units shipped. 

Now with that, I will hand it over to Mike George for additional QVC comments. 

Michael George, President and Chief Executive Officer, QVC 

Thanks, Chris. QVC was obviously impacted by the same economic challenges, all the other retailers faced in Q4, so it 
was a tough quarter for us. However, we feel good that we responded early and aggressively to the consumer spending 
slowdown, and we do feel that we are well positioned to ride out this economic storm and emerge in a stronger 
competitive position. In the U.S. our sales declined 12%. Jewelry and apparel were our most challenged categories, as 
they were all year. Although we saw generally soft results across most categories, beauty was the one exception. That 
business continues to be very strong for us. 

Most of this decline, if you look at it from a customer perspective, was driven by core customers purchasing at a 
slightly lower frequency, which I think reflects their caution in this environment. It was not primarily driven by a 
reduction in new customers or by customer defections. So we do think that our customer purchasing funnel remains 
fundamentally healthy. 

Our adjusted OIBDA declined by 29%, a decline was driven by several factors. The reduced mix of higher-margin 
categories like jewelry coupled with a somewhat higher take rate on our more promotional offers like the Today's 
Special Value, drove a 170 basis point decline in initial product margins. 

We also saw an increase in markdowns in the quarter as we tried to keep our inventories clean but that increase in 
markdowns had a relatively modest impact on the total margin. Our gross margins were also hampered by a 65 basis 
point increase in obsolescence rates as our liquidation activity increased. 

That said we're pleased with how we ended the quarter on inventory. We were able to reduce inventory levels from the 
September peak at twice the rate of reduction that we experienced in the prior Q4. And while both liquidation and 
markdown rates were up in the quarter, in total our combined markdown and liquidation activity represented only 5% 
of sales, which is obviously well below the level most retailers experienced in Q4. And we're maintaining a very 


conservative posture on inventory receipts as we going to 2009. 

We also saw a significant increase in our bad debt rate, up 83 basis points. We continue to monitor bad debt levels 
carefully and we're taking appropriate actions to constrain credit lines and improve our ability to collect on our 
receivables. 

Our write-off rate on the QCard, which is our proprietary credit card, was 5.95% and that's up from 3.96% in the prior 
year. So bad debt clearly is rising, however I'd emphasize that our write-off rates, even at 5.95%, are way below those 
at most other retailers. That reflects our historically conservative posture to issuing credit and the strong loyalty of our 
customers to want to keep those cards current. 

We continue to be very diligent in the management of our expenses and we took some difficult actions in November to 
prepare for what we expected would be a challenging 2009. As you may recall we announced layoffs of approximately 
900 associates in November, including about 150 in our corporate and site staff and about 750 related to the closure of 
our Westchester customer service center and the downsizing of our Westchester jewelry distribution center. 

Along with other expense actions we took, these initiatives resulted in 30 to $40 million reduction in our 2009 
forecasted operating costs. Now we did incur about $10.4 million of severance costs in Q4 and will incur another 2 or 3 
million of severance costs in 2009 related to these actions. 

Now despite our disappointing sales results, we do believe our customers are responding to our initiatives to offer 
compelling products, entertaining lifestyle programming and great values. We had many successful brand launches in 
the quarter including American Girl dolls and Rachel Ray cookware and our 12 Days of Christmas Sweepstakes, where 
we gave away one Smart Car every day, brought added viewership and attention to our brand. Our efforts to pass along 
savings we received from our vendors in the form of special holiday price breaks drove incremental revenue, and we 
launched the most comprehensive makeover of our sets in 12 years to strong customer reviews. 

Our focus on strengthening our QVC.com platform is also paying off. As Chris mentioned, our Internet sales as a 
percent of total sales were 28% in Q4. That's up 5% from the prior year, and it's by far our steepest one quarter gain in 
Internet penetration. So we think we have a lot of momentum in that platform. 

These efforts continue into 2009. Already this year we have garnered great media interest and strong viewership for 
several breakthrough programming events, including celebrating New Year's Eve in Vienna, broadcasting from 
Washington for the inauguration, conducting a live runway show under tents in Bryant Park for Fashion Week, and 
broadcasting live from LA with Ellen DeGeneres on her set. And just last week we had the exclusive worldwide launch 
of the new Dell Mini before even Dell.com had it, garnering strong media attention and terrific sales. 

Though we've recognized we have an uphill fight against this declining consumer spending in the industry ,we do 
believe this focus on elevated programming, great brands and great values, will allow us to hold our own and likely 
gain market share without resorting to the kinds of deep markdowns we're seeing at traditional retail. 

Now let me turn to international. Japan continued its strong turnaround. We've fully anniversaried the impact of the 
heightened health and beauty regulations early in Q4, and the team's efforts to build their fashion and jewelry business 
to offset declines elsewhere paid off with a 19% increase in revenue and an 18% increase in adjusted OIBDA in local 
currency. 

However, we also recognize that the Japanese economy began a sharp decline in Q4 and so we are monitoring the 
business carefully in the face of deteriorating economic conditions, and we will make adjustments as necessary should 
those conditions impact our business. 

We were pleased with the progress in Germany which posted one of its best quarters in years with a 6% revenue 
increase in local currency driven by strong growth in both beauty and electronics, and a 16% increase in adjusted 
OIBDA. That OIBDA margin improvement was driven principally by a significant decline in inventory levels versus 
the prior year as we focused to get the inventories clean, and that resulted in a highly favorable obsolescence rate. We 
also were very aggressive in the management of our operating expenses. 


Now I will say that despite these overall positive results, our sales in Germany were bolstered to some extent by 
increased markdown activity as we worked to clean up the inventory. So while we are encouraged by the progress in 
Germany, I don't want to overstate where we are in the turnaround. We still have challenges in front of us to get that 
business operating as consistently as we would like it to be, although we believe we are on a solid track. 

Our U.K. business had a challenging quarter, as they felt the full effects of the economic slowdown as well as the 
impact of highly unfavorable exchange rates. Their revenue declined 4% in local currency driven in part by softness in 
the jewelry category and with their Today's Special Value offerings. 

U.K. was especially hard hit on the profit line, with adjusted OIBDA falling 20% in local currency. The biggest driver 
of this decline was the impact of the strengthening dollar. The unfavorable FX impact resulted in a 200 basis point 
gross margin decline as much of our product is purchased in dollars and we were unable to pass the rising cost of the 
dollar along in terms of higher pricing to you customers, so it resulted in an unfavorable gross margin variance. So 
while these FX issues had a real impact on the quarter and those challenges will likely to continue through at least the 
first half of '09, we don't think the margin weakness in the U.K. suggests any fundamental long-term issues as much as 
it is a temporary challenge of adjusting to fairly rapid movements in the exchange rates. 
We are also continuing to progress on the launch of the Italy market, which we announced last fall and we expect to 
meet our October 2010 launch timetable. 

Finally, we kept tight lid on capital spending throughout the year and ended 2008 with total capital spend of 143 
million. But we expect capital spend for 2009 to be in the range of 160 to 180 million. We have focused that spend on 
high value ROI positive initiatives including new eCommerce and CRM platforms and the consolidation of our SKU 
intensive fashion and jewelry businesses into our Florence distribution center which will be a state of the art DC that 
will help us reduce processing costs and consolidate orders for our customers. That said we are also prepared to pull 
this capital spend down should business conditions materially deteriorate. 

In closing as we look at 2009, as I said at the outset, we believe we're prepared for whatever the economy brings us. 
We have reduced operating expenses in all markets and we are prepared to flex down those costs and our capital spend 
further if needed. Overall we're comfortable with our inventory levels and are maintaining a tight control on new 
inventory receipts and we're managing our bad debt exposure tightly as well and while the weakness in consumer 
spending in all markets will continue to create sales challenges, we do feel confident that the actions we're taking, 
expanding the range and diversity of our brand and product offerings, bringing entertaining lifestyle programming to 
our viewers from Ellen DeGeneres to Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Rachel Ray and remotes from around the world, our 
efforts to expand our multimedia footprint through new web, mobile and social networking applications. And we 
believe all of those initiatives will help us gain share from our brick and mortar competitors. 

And with that, I will turn it back to Chris 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Mike. Now let's take a quick look at the Liberty Interactive liquidity picture. 

At the end of 2008, the group had attributed cash and public investments of 2.5 billion and 7.6 billion in attributed debt. 
During the fourth quarter, as we had mentioned earlier, we have changed the attribution of the long-term exchangeable 
Viacom debt in cash from Liberty Entertainment to LINTA. This change in attribution provided $380 million of cash 
while adding 551 million face amount of debt to LINTA. 

We further increased cash through our sales of IAC shares, however, the fair value of our public holdings did decline to 

– declined by $827 million with the overall declines in the market. During the quarter, we successfully completed two 
tender offers, which reduced the balance of our senior notes at LINTA by $1.4 billion. 
Moving on to Liberty Entertainment, attributed revenue grew 26% in the fourth quarter to $360 million and 22% to 
$1.39 billion for the year while adjusted OIBDA increased 143% to $107 million for the quarter and 27% to $324 


million for the year. The increase in revenue and adjusted OIBDA for both periods was due to the addition of Liberty 
Sports Group, which was acquired in February 2008 as part of the News Corp exchange and growth – organic growth 
at Starz Entertainment. 

Taking a closer look at Liberty Entertainment's principal consolidated subsidiary, Starz Entertainment, its revenue 
increased 8% in the fourth quarter to $285 million and 4% for the year to $1.11 billion. The increase in revenue for 
both periods resulted from an increase in rates and the growth in the average number of subscription units. Starz and 
Encore's average subscribers increased 7 and 8% respectively during the year. Starz's adjusted OIBDA increased 69% 
during the fourth quarter to $81 million and increased 14% for the year to 301 million. 

Operating expenses decreased 6% for the quarter and increased 1% for the year. The decrease for the quarter was due 
to decreases in programming and G&A expenses partially offset by increased marketing costs. The increase in 
operating expenses for the year was driven by increased marketing and advertising costs related to Starz new branding 
campaign and support of the new Starz original, Crash, and an increase in marketing support. These increases were 
partially offset by lower programming costs which decreased from $656 million in 2007 to $629 million in 2008. 

Also in the fourth quarter, Starz Entertainment reported a $1.24 billion goodwill impairment as part of its annual FAS 
142 analysis and this was principally due to the current economic conditions and its overall market effect on valuation 
multiples which caused the triggering event. I will point out that the large charge was caused by the step two portion of 
the test, which required significant amounts of value to be attributed to other intangibles rather than goodwill and 
therefore when you compare the implied value of the goodwill in the step two test to the recorded amount, that's what 
drove the large portion of the charge. 

At quarter-end – excuse me, let's take a look at the Liberty Entertainment liquidity picture. At quarter-end, LMDIA was 
attributed with approximately $1.8 million of public investments. In addition to its public holdings, Liberty 
Entertainment had attributed cash and liquid investments of 807 million at quarter-end. Total cash and public holdings 
approximated 13.6 billion, well in excess of the $2 billion face amount of the attributed debt. 

Now I will turn it over to Bob Clasen who will comment on Starz Entertainment and Media. 

Robert B. Clasen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Starz 

Thanks, Chris. No company can claim to be immune to the economic downturn, but the fourth-quarter results for Starz 
Entertainment demonstrate that at least so far subscription television, providing low-cost entertainment for the family, 
has held up reasonably well. Our home video business has been more vulnerable to the worsening economic conditions 
however and we have seen announcements by other media companies of negative results and in particular the decline in 
DVD sales. 

On the theatrical front, Overture Films, in its first year, released eight films, with three actors earning Oscar or Golden 
Globe nominations and finished 11th among all studios in terms of box office for the year. However, the overall 
performance of Overture Films for the year fell short of our projections and at Anchor Bay Entertainment, strong sales 
of the Overture Films movies partially offset weakened sales of catalogue product. 

Starz Entertainment enjoyed another quarter of solid growth. Subscriptions to our Starz service increased by 1.4 million 
in 2008 and perhaps more importantly, in this time of economic decline added 300,000 subscribers in the fourth 
quarter. Encore also continued to grow adding 1 million subscribers in 2008 and 100,000 in the fourth quarter. Much of 
this growth came with the continued rollout of video services by the telephone companies where the penetration for our 
networks, particularly Starz, is considerably higher than it is with cable or satellite. 

For the year, we generated revenue of 1.11 billion versus 1.07 for the prior year. Adjusted OIBDA for the year 
improved to $301 million from 264 million in 2007 largely driven by the decline in the cost for films. For the quarter 
we generated $285 million in revenue, up from 265 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 and 278 million in the third 
quarter of 2008. In the fourth quarter of 2008 adjusted OIBDA was 81 million, up from 46 million in the fourth quarter 
of 2007 and 78 million in the third quarter of 2008. 


On the ratings front, Starz finished the year tied with HBO for ninth place in total day ratings among the 82 networks 
rated by Neilson in television households with all premium services. We continue to be among the top rated networks 
in the On Demand arena. 

Our strategy to invest in original programming continued to move ahead in the fourth quarter. In October, we 
premiered our first hour-long dramatic series, Crash, co-produced with Lionsgate. The series held the audience well 
versus the programming that had appeared previously in the same time slot and generated wide spread publicity as well 
as promotional co-ventures with most of our major affiliates. Yesterday we announced that we will air a second season 
of Crash later this year. 

Also in the fourth quarter, we made three original programming pronouncements: another season of the half-hour 
comedy Head Case with a robust lineup of guest stars including Jerry Seinfeld and Hugh Hefner; a second half-hour 
comedy, Party Down, produced by Rob Thomas, about the antics of out of work actors employed by a Los Angeles 
catering company; and finally, plans to produce and televise a new hour-long dramatic series, Spartacus, from 
producers Sam Raimi and Rob Tapert. The series will make use of some of the cinematic techniques that were 
employed in films such as Sin City and 300 and will, we expect, have strong appeal to the male 18 to 34 demographic. 
This will be the first dramatic series for the Starz channels produced by Starz Media, for which we will hold all rights. 

This lineup of exclusive originals will enable us to differentiate our network to create a library of programming that we 
can air on the Starz channels and to monetize the productions by selling the programming in home video and domestic 
and international syndication. 

Looking ahead, the decline in programming costs may be slowed by the recent announcement of Disney where they 
have reached an agreement to distribute six films per year from DreamWorks. As a result of this arrangement, the 
number of qualifying films that Starz is required to take from Disney may increase starting in 2010. 

We also extended our agreements with Sony pictures. This agreement, combined with the output product from Overture 
Films will provide us with a strong lineup of content well into the next decade. On the affiliate front, we signed an 
extension of our agreement with Time Warner Cable which will provide for the rollout of Stars on Demand to all of the 
Time Warner Cable systems this year. Time Warner had been the only major cable operator that had not offered Starz 
on Demand to its customers. 

Turning to Starz Media, we generated an adjusted OIBDA loss of $189 million for the year on revenue of 321 million. 
This compares to the 2007 adjusted OIBDA loss of 143 million on revenue of $274 million. The losses are due to 
continued investments in the production and distribution of programming that will not realize its full revenue potential 
for several years. 

Overture Films, in its first full year of operation, released eight films including The Visitor which earned a Best Actor 
Academy Award nomination for its star Richard Jenkins and Last Chance Harvey which garnered Golden Globe 
nominations for Dustin Hoffman and Emma Thompson. Several Overture Films streeted at home video and premiered 
on pay per view in the quarter and generated strong sales. 

Mad Money, the first of the Overture theatrical releases, premiered on the Starz channels in October to a solid 2.4 
rating. In October, we announced the formation of Anchor Bay Films to produce and acquire 8 to 10 films per year for 
limited theatrical release followed by home video distribution. In January, Anchor Bay Films announced the acquisition 
of the Sundance Festival comedy hit Spread starring Ashton Kutcher. 

Anchor Bay focused a large part of its effort on the home video sales of Overture movies. In the non-theatrical arena 
however Anchor Bay titles captured three of the top 10 slots in the fitness DVD category and increased fitness net sales 
by 23% in 2008 versus the prior year. Tale of Tails, the first of the DVD releases based on the Wow! Wow! Wubbzy! 
television show debuted at number four in the children's non-theatrical unit sales. 

Turning to Starz animation, the fourth quarter saw the release of the DVD of Space Chimps, our G-rated feature film 
that was in theatres during the summer. Our Toronto studio was in production on three movies for other U.S. major 
theatrical distributors. Film Roman continues to produce The Simpsons, its 20th season, and King of the Hill, and was 


in preproduction on two Marvel series and another for ABC. Wow! Wow! Wubbzy! is in season two on Nick Jr. where 
it ended the year as the second highest rated show. This should help with 2009 sales of both DVDs and licensing and 
marketing for this hit television – hit children's series. 

2008 was the first year in which we were able to see the first results of our strategy of audience aggregation. These 
early results have been extremely gratifying as the first films were released theatrical by Overture, taken to home video 
by Anchor Bay, aired on the Starz channels, and sold into pay-per-view and television syndication via our own 
in-house sales teams. 

This enables us to achieve two objectives: first to monetize the programming across multiple platforms using our own 
in-house distribution and sales units; and second, to build the library of films and original series that we can use in a 
variety of ways for as long as they will draw audiences. 

And now, I'll hand it back to Chris. 

Christopher W. Shean, Senior Vice President and Controller 

Thanks, Bob. Let's take a look at Liberty Capital. During the quarter, Liberty Capital revenue increased 44% to $131 
million, while adjusted OIBDA deficit decreased 20% to $106 million. For the year, revenue increased 27% to 617 
million, and the adjusted OIBDA deficit increased 40% to 294 million. 

The increase in revenue for both periods was primarily due to revenue growth at Starz Media from theatrical releases 
and the inclusion of a full-year of operation of the Atlanta Braves. The increase in the adjusted OIBDA deficit for the 
year was due to marketing and advertising costs associated with the film releases and the full-year inclusion of the 
Atlanta Braves. 

From October 30, 2008 through February 24, 2009, Liberty repurchased 1.6 million shares of Series A, Liberty Capital 
common stock at an average price of $11.51 for a total cash consideration of $18 million. Now I'll point out that the 
majority of these repurchases were through physical settlements of put options that were written in mid-2008. 

Cumulative for 2008, Liberty has repurchased 33.2 million shares at an average cost per share of $14.37, for total cash 
consideration of $478 million, which represents 25.7% of the shares outstanding. 

Now let's take a look at Liberty Capital's liquidity. The Liberty Capital group has attributed cash and public 
investments of $5.4 billion, and attributed debt of $4.95 billion. This cash and public investments figure excludes 104 
million of Liberty Holdings in the reserve primary fund. 

Last week, we received a $35 million distribution from the fund, and the current balance outstanding is approximately 
69 million. We believe we will receive additional distributions from the fund, but timing is uncertain. As such, we have 
reclassified this amount from cash into short-term investments. 

All that said, I will now turn the call back over to Greg. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Chris, and thank you, Mike and Bob for your updates on your businesses. Well, looking at 2008, no surprise, 
for us as many others, it was extremely challenging in light of the unpredictable economic environment. 

Nonetheless, we continue to focus on, as Mike outlined, cutting costs at QVC and growing in the face of that 
environment our eCommerce businesses, which like our other subscription businesses continued to perform well. It is 
certainly hard to know when economic conditions will improve. We're not betting on that. We're trying to manage for 
the long haul in the face of difficult conditions. 


Entertainment, as you know, we announced the split off of the majority – vast majority of LMDI, we hope to get that 
done in the coming months. We continue to increase our stake in DIRECT, as noted and we had good operating 
performance at those subscription businesses. 

At Liberty Capital, we focused on shrink and rationalization as we will ahead. 

Looking at 2009, at Interactive, we are obviously focusing on the operations first and foremost, running the business 
efficiently, thinking about creative ways to maintain and grow revenue, looking at Internet and digital expansion in a 
cost-effective manner. 

We will be opportunistic on small acquisitions, as we were in 2008, with Red Envelope and Celebrate, and we think 
more of those may become available. We're focused on liquidity and our capital structure. We note the covenants that 
we have at the QVC bank debt, and we are working on the 2011 maturities, and plan to make sure even in light of the 
fact that they are more than two years away, that we are prepared to handle them and we believe we will be. 

At Liberty Entertainment, we are going to focus on that getting the split off done and other ways to maximize 
shareholder value, in particular reducing the discount to NAV at Liberty Entertainment. 

At Liberty Capital, we will continue to try and monetize our non-core holdings in a tax efficient manner. Frankly taxes 
have become less of an issue, given the relatively low prices that they are at today. We will look to effectively deploy 
capital in situations like Sirius XM, as we see them. But we will also look to reduce our debt, shrink our equity and in 
other ways maximize our NAV. We also trade at enormous discount to NAV at Liberty Capital, and we are focused on 
ways to reduce that. 

So, thank you for your support and interest in Liberty Media. And with that, operator, we'll be happy to turn over for 
calls. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thanks very much. Just a few quick questions. One, any chance you can give us what the 
RSN's EBITDA might have been for the full-year '08, if you had owned them the whole year? 

Second, I'm curious what you wrote to the value of Starz down to? What do you think Starz is worth right now? 

And lastly, any chance you can fine tune the split off timing? You have been saying May, June, are we sort of still on 
track for that? Any closer on timing would be helpful, thank you. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Okay. So on the first one -- I'll handle the second one first, and I'll come back on the first: 
second, third, then the first. On Starz, let's be clear. What we wrote down has not any implication per se on what we 
think the business is worth. There are a strict series of rules and tests which are triggered based on market multiples, 
projecting cash flows and the like which don't necessarily suggest what we think the business is worth. So I'll make that 
point and I'll let Chris if he wants to add anything on that, Chris Shean, our Controller, if he wants to add anything on 
that, come back to that. 

On LMDIA timing, we are May/June affirming, and that's about as precise as we think we could be. Obviously there 
are factors which are in our control and other ones in which we're reliant on estimates of third parties, and those seem 
like reasonable estimates. 

Did you want to comment on Starz? 

<A - Christopher Shean>: Yeah, on the RSNs as well. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: Okay. 

<A - Christopher Shean>: I guess, the RSNs sort of on a pro forma basis, EBITDA would be about $33 million for 
2008. 

On the Starz thing, the biggest part of the charge actually is the second part of the test. I mean, the first part of the test 
is you compare estimates of fair value of equity to your carrying value of your equity, and if you fail that test by $1, 
then you go to the second part of the test which is you take that fair value that you just came up with and you do a 
hypothetical purchase allocation, as if you had bought the company at that price. And you go through this purchase 
allocation, you allocate to all of the assets and liabilities of the company, including intangibles, other intangibles. And 
in this case, all of Starz's legacy intangible balances for affiliation agreements have been fully amortized through the 
years. 

So when you go through this hypothetical exercise, and you allocate to these other intangibles, there's a very little left 
over to allocate to goodwill. So then you compare this implied goodwill balance to what you actually have on the 
books, which in our case was $1.3 billion and thus you end up with a very large charge. So that's a little bit more color, 
and probably more accounting speak than anybody wanted to hear, but that's what drove the charge. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: The bottom line, Greg is your future view on the cash flows that Starz can produce haven't 
changed? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: No, Starz's cash flows have been very strong. I think we bottomed out at 175 post our Comcast 
renegotiation and or even below 150, 175 in my tenure. Bob Clasen is rightly pointing out before I got here, that 
actually it was 150. And we did 301 on our way to double digit -- sort of 20% type growth we project this coming year. 
We think those businesses are growing well in Entertainment and are excited about them. And these accounting tests 
have relatively little to do with that. 

<Q - Doug Mitchelson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will move on to our next question from Vijay Jayant with Barclays Capital. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Hi, it's James Ratcliffe for Vijay. Had two on LMDIA and one on LCAPA. On LMDIA, after 
LEI spins, what are your thoughts on the stub? Does it make sense for it to be standalone, or should we really roll it 
back in? 

And secondly, is there any tax or regulatory restriction on announcing the terms of an LMDIA, DTV deal before the 
entertainment spin actually takes place? 

And on LCAPA with a lot of liquidity now, the Sprint hedge is maturing in 2009, 2010. You mentioned a number of 
possible options. Can you talk about how you think about using that liquidity among acquisitions, share repurchase or 
maybe buying back some of the exchangeable debt? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So on the LEI spin, what happens to what effectively will be Starz, cash and the WildBlue 
equity; we will see where it trades. We have no announced plan. It will be a relatively small public company. It will be 
a relatively hard to know what its strategic direction is. We think there is a lot of positive things that are happening at 
Starz, but we will see whether that should ultimately be a publicly-traded tracker or whether it more appropriately 
belongs recombined in some way. Stay tuned; no decision. 

On a question of could you announce merger terms with DIRECTV prior to completing the spin, I believe you could. 
You would be subject to ensure non-taxability, a whole bunch of tests, probably the most important of which is Morris 
Trust, which would say that our shareholders have 51% of vote and value in any post spin-merge combination. Albert 
Rosenthaler is giving me the nod that that's the correct – I've got that right. And we're very cognizant of that but frankly 
if you look at the economic value of any kind of combination, we probably would not accept any deal that had less than 


51% of vote and value. So that probably is not a restraining factor. It is a practical matter. 

Last question on Starz, we will have a fair amount of liquidity at Starz. We have a fair amount of liquidity now. 

<A - Christopher Shean>: LCAP. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Excuse me; LCAP, thank you, at LCAP. We do at Starz as well, but at LCAP, thank you. I 
meant LCAP and the Sprint collars maturing will only further enhance that. We will look for deals like Sirius XM. We 
will consider share – or debt repurchase. 

We are noteworthy of the five and five deal that got approved in the Stimulus Bill that for five years you will not 
recognize any COD income on a debt repurchase and then you will recognize it ratably over the next five years. On a 
present value basis, that's quite attractive in terms of changing the dynamics of debt repurchase for Liberty. 

And there frankly may be some other things that happen in how that bill is interpreted that make it more opportunistic 
for us or more realistic for us to look at even attacking some of our exchangeables. We are working through that. Stay 
tuned on that as well. 

And lastly we -- as I noted, we shrunk about 26% of the equity of LCAP. We consider that equity undervalued. The 
potential to repurchase more of that is also on the table. So all the three things, James, are things we have already 
executed on in a way through debt repurchase that gets better in a post Stimulus Bill through attractive, and in this case, 
debt focused with warrant ticker investment, as in the case of Sirius or a share repurchase in the case of the shrink that 
we've already done, all three could potentially be attractive. 

<Q - James Ratcliffe>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

We will take over next question from David Gober with Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - David Gober>: Thanks, guys. Just had two on LCAPA. One for Greg, following up on James' question there. In 
terms of the Sprint collar unwind, just wanted to clarify, it seems like there is going to be a relatively large taxable gain 
there. Should we assume that the cash is indeed coming in, or are there any strategies that you guys might take to delay 
the maturity of those or should we just assume that the cash is coming in, and you are paying taxes on the gain? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, I think you should be assured that the cash is coming in. Okay. And I can talk more 
about that in a moment. On the question of whether the taxes are going out, Liberty is always focused as you may have 
heard on the tax efficiency. We have some ideas and strategies around that. I am not going to ship all of those ideas out 
today, but we are working that problem. 

<Q - David Gober>: Okay. And then on the Starz side, and this one is more for Bob. You guys obviously sit in an 
interesting part of the home video market and I was wondering if – what you guys are seeing there, given what seems 
like a 10 to 15% decline in home video sell through, and whether or not that changes your view of investment in film 
and entities like Anchor Bay? 

<A - Robert Clasen>: The primary decline and it's probably more than 10 to 15% is in the catalog side. Anchor Bay, 
when we acquired it was essentially a catalog company, looking – holding season seven of Third Rock from the Sun 
and a lot of older children's titles. So what we've been doing at Anchor Bay is shifting that mix to be first-run movies. 
And if you come back to our comments about Overture, 8 to 10 from Overture a year, 8 to 10 from Anchor Bay Films. 

Our view is that we will offset our getting out of the catalog business by being much more focused on first-run motion 
pictures, which still have a great life. What we have been seeing and I think some other studios have seen is that if you 
have the right movie for home video, and other ways to monetize it, it holds up very well. And it's the catalog business 
that we think is in decline and that's why this is an awkward year for us, as we are not renewing rights for a lot of our 
catalog product and replacing it with movies that are first run and that generate much higher unit sales of another data 


point. 

Many of the big box retailers who have a lot of play in home video, like Wal-Mart and Best Buy and Target are going 
through the process of deciding how much space they are going to allocate and also how many people they're going to 
deal with. And so, the more we have focus on first-run titles, which they market around to bring people into their 
stores, I think the better opportunity we have to save our spots and our space, and so far we have suffered no decline 
from the big box retail people with regard to home video. 

So it's a challenged space, but our strategy of exiting the catalog business for the most part and replacing that with a 
fewer number but higher quality titles probably gives us some window to continue to evaluate it while we continue to 
look for ways to move some of that to digital revenue as well, which is another part of our strategy that's just starting to 
unfold. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. And sorry, just one follow-up for Mike, and sorry to tack on here, but I think your 
previous commentary on QVC's domestic business has been that they bottomed out in terms of sales in September, 
October. Does that still seem to be the case or is there any incremental weakness in 1Q? 

<A - Michael George>: I think that's still a fair statement. Definitely the last half of September, first half of October 
were the toughest spot in the quarter. It then came off of those lows and somewhat stabilized for the balance of the 
quarter. And I said in our Morgan Stanley call in November, I did say that the unknown was what would happen when 
we turned the clock on the New Year and got past the Christmas selling season. And so far we feel pretty good that we 
are off those bottoms and the trend has picked up modestly from those levels. 

<Q - David Gober>: Great. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

We'll move on to our next question from Jason Bazinet with Citi. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Thanks. I just have one question on Liberty Capital. I think historically you guys said, you've 
been buying back the LCAPA shares in the low-double digit range and maybe my math is wrong, but I have full 
liquidation value at something in the high teens. And my question is, it seems like there could be an -- while you are 
buying back shares, it seems like the pace is relatively slow given the cash that still sits in LCAPA even pro forma for 
the Sirius investment. And so my question is: is that a liquidity issue that there aren't just – there aren't enough shares 
trading or is that more a function of you think that there are other things you can do with that cash to create more value 
related to the debt or other investments outside of Liberty? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Jason, I think it's first and foremost not a liquidity issue. If you look at the cash at LCAP 
relative to the market cap, I agree, the cash and potential near cash looks considerably higher. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: I don't mean liquidity in terms of what you have. I just mean in terms of how many shares are...? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: No, I got that. I will address it. I think there is a thin – relatively thin market. There is no need 
to chase the stock. It's frankly going to – it's unlikely to be a double-digit stock just because of the way the stock market 
is acting anytime soon, not related to what – we agree with your fundamental point that the NAV is considerably higher 
than market. So I think you'll see us – we have some other constraints we're working through, and as we get that, we'll 
evaluate what liquidity in terms of share liquidity is, to your point, is out there and look to adjust our pace. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. And can I just go back and just clarify, because I heard rumblings about the stimulus 
provision regarding debt. That rule essentially says, if you tender for debt, you don't pay capital gains on the difference 
between market value and par for five years. Is that the right way to think about it? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, it's not necessarily tender. If you repurchase debt, the COD income is not recognized for 
five years and then is recognized ratably for the next five. 


<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: So on a present value basis, you're looking at something like 7.5 years out, very reasonable 
discount rates. That's pretty attractive in terms of reducing that present value of that liability. 

<Q - Jason Bazinet>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

And we will move on and take our next question from Tom Eagan with Collins Stewart. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Great, thank you very much. First on Starz, the programming costs were lower than we had 
thought and therefore the margin was higher. I was wondering, Greg, if you could just give us an outlook on 
programming costs for 2009, and therefore the margin, and then I have a follow-up? Thanks. 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Bob, you want to comment on that or --? 

<A - Robert Clasen>: I think we don't give guidance. Programming is so material to our results that I think that would 
be the right thing to do. I think we have cautioned you that in 2010, well, we could see the decline stop. And remember, 
we're increasing our original programming. And as that comes to market and we amortize that, it's an additional cost. 
So I think the right thing to comment on is that there could be an increase in 2010. We will just have to monitor it. But 
for the time being, we are certainly pretty well in a flat position. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. Okay. I guess and just more broadly, I guess for Greg or for John is, with the declining 
Q4 fundamentals we have seen across content companies, entertainment companies and cable, and satellite companies, 
all except for DIRECTV, I was wondering if you guys could comment on these days, what you think about the relative 
strength of content versus cable and satellite? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Well, no John today. He's not even hiding in the shadows. He is not on the call. So you will 
have to take my answer. I think you have seen the case, where a lot of people who have ad-based businesses have 
suffered. And particularly, those who have local ad based businesses rather than national have suffered more 
dramatically. And probably the most suffering in that group, when you look at who their advertisers are is obviously 
newspapers and local television stations, because an enormous percentage of their ad revenue is based on car dealers, 
particularly domestic car dealers, given the number of domestic car dealers per dollar of sales as well as the foreign car 
dealers and people like department stores, you can go through the list: financials, etcetera, those are more national as 
well. 

So that's been the most suffering. Then you look at say, subscription businesses have had a relative strength compared 
to them and then within that, someone like DIRECTV who has carved out a niche among the most attractive of those 
potential subscribers, sort of the iron triangle that they've been able to execute on with HD, sports content, other kinds 
of unique content, large screen TVs, that's all worked very well, DVRs, that has worked very well for them. Will that 
continue through 2009? They certainly look to have a good tailwind and it does not appear to be abating, we'll see. It's 
been less true for others who have seen some substitution both on video subscribers and now slowdowns in data 
services as that's gotten more competitive and competition with wireless, potentially slowing VoIP, the VoIP transition. 
So, so far for the moment we've been, lucky. 

When you go to content in terms of what does that look like, it seems to me that the rich will get richer and the poor 
will be hurt, meaning if your content is very valuable and your content is very strong, you're able in effect have A level, 
A plus content which has the leverage against the distributor, your hand will strengthen because you now have only 
further means of distributing that content which over time will give you more strength. If you have weaker content and 
maybe there is demand for it online, maybe not, you may be more reliant upon the packager, and the packager may 
decide that they – or the distributor may decide that they need to get to hold their margins flat for what they have to 
give the A level content, they need to take it out of the B and C level content. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. 


<A - Gregory Maffei>: And I think that trend only gets exacerbated in an environment where dollars are tight. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Do you think it means anything in terms of the affiliation fees that the cable and satellite 
companies – again, maybe more specifically on DIRECTV, do you think it will help them to not incur the same kind of 
increases that we'll see elsewhere? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: I think DIRECTV's relative growth and strength will help them in all of their negotiations that 
they are able to talk about increases in subscribers is more positive for their ability to negotiate with content providers 
than people who do not have increases in subscribers. That having been said, they will be doing what I suspect all large 
distributors are doing, trying to get the best deal possible, but frankly they will take more of that best deal out of the 
hides of the Tier 2 content than out of Tier 1 content. 

<Q - Thomas Eagan>: Right. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And we will take our last question from Matthew Harrigan with Wunderlich Securities. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Thank you. I had a couple of questions. Firstly, I was curious if Greg would be comfortable 
commenting more on how they view Sirius strategically in light of what's happening with the OEMs right now and 
maybe even the prospects for bundling with DIRECTV at some point or maybe even using some of the repeaters for 
some other purposes, which I suspect isn't very likely, but I thought I'd still ask? 

And then secondly, I guess another really good swap you made was the IDT shares for the entertainment assets. They 
talked a lot about their animation engines. They had a couple of small theatrical releases that didn't do much. I'm 
curious if you could talk more about what happens prospectively with animation; is there some additional programming 
possibilities for Starz? Would you ever do another theatrical release? 

And then lastly, you'd commented on possibilities for more eCommerce deals, I was curious if you could do some 
interesting things at QVC as well either taking more equity interest in products than you've done in the past. I know 
there are some restrictions with HSN as to what you could do, but I was curious also if you could do anything on the 
M&A side with somebody like Karl Shackvella in Germany or some place else? 

<A - Gregory Maffei>: Okay. A couple of different topics there. So on Sirius, I'm not sure if strategic, obviously a lot 
of these OEM deals, just like a lot of these content deals were cut in an environment where two players, Sirius and XM, 
were bidding and there is certainly more than anecdotal evidence that in many cases they overpaid, because of the 
prospects of the two people bidding aggressively. Some have suggested that a bankruptcy would be positive for that 
company in terms of re-cutting those OEM deals, re-cutting some of those content deals and obviously resetting the 
capital structure. We believe that Sirius has a very good chance to grow its way in and renegotiate those contracts as 
they are doing in many cases, and as certain contracts mature, reset those contracts at attractive levels such that it will 
be able to build equity value for its shareholders. 

Obviously, in the event that it does not happen and some of those things are not as successful, and it could be in part 
related to how the domestic car market grows or does not grow. We took a position in the senior debt, which we believe 
is relatively secure against the downside possibility. We're rooting for the upside. We're hoping Mel is as successful as 
he can be at doing some of these things. But we are positioned okay, we believe, if that does not come to pass. 

In terms of the bundling, we certainly see those as opportunities down the road. One can talk about or imagine bundles 
particularly probably the 80 plus dollar DIRECTV product offering, free-trials of the $11 Sirius XM product more 
likely than the other way around just given the dollar value of the customers and the subscriber value. 

I certainly think those are things that we have talked about and surmise we didn't put a lot in our evaluation for that, but 
it's something that Mel is enthused about, it's something I believe Chase is enthused about and I hope we will be able to 
proceed on some of those in ways that are obviously beneficial for both parties. 


On the larger technical questions, I think things about space segments and repeaters and those are in the future. The 
great dream perhaps is that you have 25 megahertz of spectrum that you are able to broadcast and the compression gets 
better, maybe the more, 150 audio channels on one consolidated Sirius XM platform that only consumes 12.5 
megahertz of spectrum and 12.5 megahertz becomes therefore available for mobile video. And that would be a great 
intersection of where the skills of Sirius XM and DIRECTV reside. That's a long way down the road and highly 
speculative, there is no plan currently to merge the Sirius and XM platforms. 

There is a whole bunch of technical issues around the quality of that video that is likely to be. There are some things 
that Sirius XM already does, particularly in things like the cartoon space that are interesting, but to really expand that in 
the mobile video space, we'll see. That's the grand and glorious future, we can only hope it comes to pass, but we didn't 
put a lot of stock in that when we did our valuation. 

On IDT and animation, we have certain animation assets and studios like Film Roman that have and some of the things 
we do there that are interesting and have a quite a lot of capabilities in the animation space. But as far as entering 
theatrical or really expanding that, we think the theatrical animation space is a very competitive space with people like 
Pixar and DreamWorks who are very good and make very big bets. And that's probably not our strategy or like where 
we are likely to go in terms of animation releases. 

The strategy, as we've said, is to use our engine of Starz Entertainment, to use a relatively more contained cost model 
of Overture, and distributing our own films around Anchor Bay using it to try and capture as much as of the revenue 
stream of the things that we produce and leverage the revenue streams that we know we have rather making the larger 
bets in animation. And what we have is quite good in animation and that's a useful set of tools, but it's probably not – to 
make a great animated film, you need that, plus a great story, plus a willingness to promote, and spend a hell of a lot of 
money, which as I said Pixar and DreamWorks do well and we're a little scared of. 

In eCommerce, we are certainly looking for extensions and things to do around both QVC and elsewhere. QVC for 
example this year has just launched on a sort of beginning basis its efforts with its own ODAT, Handbag Chic and you 
should definitely go take a look for your wife or maybe yourself if you have other interests. 

There will be a little laugh titling around the room here. Other interests – other things that we do for – in trying to spin 
eCommerce is interesting, but I also think we're going to see cases where eCommerce players who are not as strong do 
drop out and we have an opportunity to either fill in this space or purchase those companies. And we will certainly look 
to that. 

And as far as HSN, we are restrained, I guess, until I think it is May of 2011 from making any kind of an offer for the 
company as a whole. We have the opportunity to increase our – May 2010, excuse me. Somebody is rightly correcting 
me, thank you. 2010 before we make any kind of offer for the company as a whole. I'm not saying that we will, but we 
do believe we are the natural probably owner at some point of that company. We're the one with the most synergies. 
And we also have the right to increase our stake in the company from 30 to roughly 35%. And we'll monitor the time 
and place to do that. 

<Q - Matthew Harrigan>: Great. Thank you so much. 

Gregory B. Maffei, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you very much everybody for being on the call today, and look forward to talking to you next quarter. 

Operator 

This concludes the Liberty Media Corporation's quarterly earnings conference call. Thank you for attending and have a 
great day. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2015, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


