Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Michael O'Sullivan 
Other Participants 

• Brian Tunick 
• Paul Lejuez 
• Laura Champine 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Adrianne Shapira 
• Kimberly Greenberger 
• Evren Kopelman 
• David Mann 
• Jeffrey Klinefelter 
• Rob Wilson 
• Richard Jaffe 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin 
with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a 
question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being 
recorded today, November 18, 2010. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael 
O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; 
John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor 
Relations. 

We'll begin with a brief review of our third quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the remainder of the year. 
Afterwards we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 

Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding 
expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current 
forecast of aspects of the Company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. 
These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2009 Form 10-K and 2010 Form 10-Qs and 8-Ks 


on file with the SEC. 

Today we reported third quarter earnings of $1.02, up from $0.84 per share for the 2009 third quarter. These results 
represent a 21% increase on top of exceptional growth in the prior year when earnings per share were up 91%. Net 
earnings for the current year quarter grew 16% to a record $121.4 million, up from $105.1 million last year. Our third 
quarter sales increased 7% to $1.874 billion, with comparable stores sales up a-better than expected 3% on top of an 
8% gain in the prior year. 

For the nine months ended October 30, 2010, earnings per share were $3.26, up from $2.39 for the same period in 
2009. These results represent a 36% increase on top of a robust 52% gain in earnings per share during the first nine 
months of last year. Year-to-date through October 30, net earnings grew 31% to a record $393 million, up from $299.9 
million last year. 

Sales for the first nine months of 2010 increased 10% to $5.721 billion with comparable store sales up 6% versus a 5% 
gain for the same period in 2009. We delivered strong sales and earnings increases in the third quarter and first nine 
months of 2010 on top of outstanding gains in the prior year. This is especially noteworthy considering the ongoing 
uncertainty in the macroeconomic and retail environment. 

Our third quarter performance was driven by our continued ability to deliver exciting bargains while operating our 
business on lower inventories, as well as much better than expected shortage results. Dresses and Home were the top 
performing merchandise categories for the third quarter, both with low double-digit same-store sales increases. 

Geographic trends were relatively broad-based. Florida remained the strongest region with low double-digit 
comparable store sales gains for the third quarter and first nine months. We are pleased to report that sales trends in 
California improved during the quarter. Despite ongoing weakness in the housing market and high unemployment, 
same-store sales in our largest state rose 2% in the third quarter on top of an 8% increase in the prior year. Year-to-date 
California is up 3% on top of a 5% gain last year. 

For the third quarter and first nine months, profit margins rose to new record levels on top of exceptional gains in the 
prior year. Earnings before interest and taxes as a percent of sales grew to 10.5% in the quarter for a 60 basis point 
increase on top of a 385 basis point gain in the same period last year. Gross margin rose 80 basis points as higher 
merchandise gross margin, lower distribution costs, and leverage on occupancy expenses were partially offset mainly 
by higher incentive and freight costs as a percent of sales versus the prior year. Selling, general, and administrative 
expenses grew 20 basis points, mainly due to higher incentive costs as a percent of sales. John will provide some 
additional details on these operating margin trends in a few minutes. 

As we ended the third quarter, total consolidated inventories were up about 3%, with average selling store inventory 
down about 10%. Packaway was about 37% of total inventories compared to 32% at this time last year. We continue to 
plan further reductions of in-store inventories with average levels targeted down in the high single-digit percentage 
range in the fourth quarter compared to 2009. 

As we have mentioned on previous calls, our ongoing focus on tight inventory management allows us to maximize the 
percentage of fresh receipts the customer sees while shopping our stores. It also drives faster inventory turns, fewer 
markdowns, and ultimately higher merchandise gross margin. 

Turning to our store expansion program, we added 12 Ross and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS stores in the most recent quarter, 
and ended the period with 1,057 combined locations in 27 states and Guam. 

dd's DISCOUNTS' sales trends improved during the third quarter, with positive comparable store sales increases on top 
of exceptionally strong prior-year results. As I mentioned, we opened 10 dd's stores in the period, including entry into 
the Atlanta market. Year-to-date we have added 15 locations and now operate 67 dd's DISCOUNTS stores in six states. 
Based on our year-to-date results and outlook for the fourth quarter, we continue to expect dd's DISCOUNTS to be 
slightly profitable in 2010 before allocations for corporate expense. 

Now let's talk about our financial condition. Our balance sheet and cash flows remain healthy, and we ended the quarter 
with $735 million of cash and short-term investments. Our cash position continues to benefit from better than expected 


earnings and reduced working capital needs as we operate the business on lower inventories. 

During the third quarter and first nine months of 2010, we repurchased 1.7 million and 5.4 million shares of our 
common stock respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of $287 million year-to-date. We remain on track to 
complete during 2010 approximately $375 million of our current two-year $750 million stock repurchase program. 

I'd like to turn now to our updated outlook for the fourth quarter. As we noted in today's press release, we are solidly 
positioned as a value retailer, and our stores are stocked with fresh and exciting merchandise. That said, while we have 
outperformed our projections year-to-date, there are a number of reasons why we believe it is prudent to maintain a 
cautious outlook for the fourth quarter. 

It still remains difficult to predict the future in today's uncertain macroeconomic and resale climate. We also see the 
likelihood of a very promotional and competitive holiday season this year, combined with the fact that we are up 
against our toughest prior-year sales comparison as well as robust earnings growth. 

In last year's fourth quarter, same-store sales grew 10%, and earnings per share rose 53%. In addition, the timing of 
Christmas Day means that we have one less Saturday of business in our largest volume month of the year. As a result, 
while we hope to do better, we are maintaining our prior forecast for both sales and earnings in the 2010 fourth quarter. 

Now John will provide additional color on our third quarter results and details of our fourth quarter guidance. 

John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Michael. Our 3% comparable store sales gain in the third quarter was driven by a combination of low 
single-digit increases in both the number of transactions and in the size of the average basket. Again operating margin 
improved by about 60 basis points in the quarter to 10.5%, driven by an 80 basis point increase in gross margins, 
partially offset by a 20 basis point rise in selling, general, and administrative costs as a percent of sales. 

Merchandise margins increased about 85 basis points, mainly due to faster inventory turns that resulted in lower 
markdowns. As we noted with our September sales release, the shortage results from our annual physical inventory of 
stores were much better than expected and added about $0.10 in earnings per share to our third quarter 2010 result. 
Distribution cost declined about 50 basis points, while occupancy expense benefited the quarter by about 15 basis 
points. 

These favorable comparisons were partially offset mainly by 60 basis points in higher buying and incentive cost, and a 
10 basis point increase in freight expense. The 20 basis point increase in selling, general, and administrative costs as a 
percent of sales was mainly due to higher incentive expenses. Our buyback program drove a 5% reduction in diluted 
shares outstanding, and a slightly lower tax rate added about 2% to net earnings growth in the quarter. 

Turning now to our guidance for the fourth quarter, again for the reasons Michael just mentioned, while we hope to do 
better, we believe it is prudent in this environment to stay somewhat cautious as we plan our business for the holiday 
season. For the 13 weeks ending January 29, 2011, we continue to forecast comparable store sales to be flat to down 
1% on top of our very strong 10% growth in last year's fourth quarter. Earnings per share are projected to be $1.15 to 
$1.20 compared to $1.16 in the prior-year period when earnings per share were up a robust 53%. 

Our fourth quarter 2010 targets are based on the following assumptions. Total sales are planned to grow about 3% to 
4%, driven by a combination of new store growth and, as mentioned, same-store sales that are flat to down 1%. Our 
guidance assumes that comparable store sales are up 2% to 3% in November and down 1% to 2% in both December 
and January. Last year same-store sales rose 8%, 12%, and 8% in November, December, and January respectively. 

Based on these sales assumptions, operating margin for the fourth quarter is projected to be 11% to 11.2%. This 
compares to 11.7% in the 2009 fourth quarter. As a percent of sales, we are planning flat to slightly better merchandise 
gross margin that is projected to be offset by somewhat higher freight costs. Due to timing issues on packaway 
inventories, distribution costs are forecast to increase as a percent of sales in the fourth quarter. Based on our 
assumption of flat to down 1% same-store sales, we would also expect to see some deleveraging on occupancy and 


other sale and general and administrative costs. 

Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $2 million, and our tax rate is expected to be about 38%. We also 
estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 118 million. Given our year-to-date performance and 
projections for the fourth quarter, we now are estimating earnings per share for the fiscal year ending January 29, 2011 
to be in the range of 4.41 to 4.46 compared to 3.54 in the 2009 fiscal year. This represents robust projected growth of 
25% to 26% on top of the outstanding 52% gain we delivered in fiscal 2009. 

Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, John. To sum up, we are very pleased with our strong third quarter and year-to-date performance. In 
addition, even if fourth quarter earnings perform just in line with our guidance, we will be on track to report a record 
operating margin of 11% or more for fiscal 2010. 

One of the most frequently asked questions we get now is if this current level of profitability is sustainable. We 
strongly believe that it is due to a permanent structural change in our business model. Over the past three years we have 
made substantial gains in operating margin, driven by the successful implementation of a number of strategic 
initiatives. 

The biggest driver of our improved profitability has been record merchandise gross margin, resulting from better 
buying and a significant reduction we have made in selling store inventories. Off priced buying is our most important 
business strategy, and we remain committed to making ongoing investments in our merchandise organization. By 
putting hundreds of Ross and dd's merchants in the market to source product from thousands of vendors, we are 
maximizing our access to the best bargains available. Going forward, we will continue to invest in this critical area of 
our business. 

We have also been extremely successful over the last few years in operating our business on much lower inventories. 
Today selling store inventories are more than 30% lower than they were just three years ago. This sizeable reduction 
has resulted in a much larger percentage of fresh merchandise that the customer sees while shopping our stores, which 
we believe has benefited sales. Lower inventories have also driven much faster inventory turns and a meaningful 
decline in markdown activity over this period. 

Implementation of our shortage control initiatives has also benefited margins by dramatically reducing shrink over the 
past few years to record low levels today. Other sustainable drivers of operating margin include the numerous 
productivity enhancements and efficiencies we have implemented throughout the Company to drive down costs, 
including our distribution centers, stores organization, and back office functions. 

As a result of all these structural changes we believe that annual operating margin in the lower double-digit percentage 
range is sustainable going forward. This gives us the confidence to continue to target over the longer term average 
annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 15%. The formula for achieving this is a combination of unit growth, 
annual increases in same-store sales, and ongoing reductions in diluted shares outstanding from our stock repurchase 
program. 

In closing, we believe that consumer' increased focus on price and value will continue for the foreseeable future, which 
bodes well for our business. We also know that our ability to give our customers the best bargain possible on a wide 
array of fashions for the family and the home will always be the most critical factor to our success. As a result, we will 
maintain an unwavering focus on what has worked so well for us over the past few years: solid execution of all our 
merchandising strategies, along with a continued focus on tight inventory and expense controls. 

At this point, we would like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 

Q&A 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Brian Tunick from J.P. Morgan. Your line is 
now open. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Thanks. G'morning, guys. I guess our question really on the usage of cash. It seems like – if you 
look at the balance sheet, it seems like you also would have the flexibility to either consider a special dividend that a 
few companies are doing today or an accelerated share repurchase program. And then as you talk about that in context 
for square footage growth for 2011, maybe talk about new markets – how much of the store growth next year is going 
to come in new markets versus existing markets. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Hey, Brian, this is Michael O'Sullivan. So I'll take both of those. On the uses of cash, we 
have a pretty good track record of increasing our dividends and our buyback program to return cash to shareholders. So 
earlier this year, we announced a 45% increase in dividends and a 25% increase in buybacks. And in the January 
timeframe, we'll take another look at that and make some announcements probably in early 2011 about some further 
increases. 

On your second question about store growth, I think we'd announced previously that in 2011 we'll probably have 
around about 6% or 7% unit growth per stores. And I would say about 1% to 2% of that would be in new markets, and 
obviously that's the priority in terms of where we use cash – using cash to fuel growth. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Is there a follow-up? 

Operator 

It looks like we have no follow-up. Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Nomura Securities (sic) [Credit 
Suisse]. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Hi, and thanks. Just maybe if I could follow up, maybe can you talk about store growth by concept 
next year and maybe if you have some initial thought on CapEx. And then I guess, John, I mean, what's the level of 
cash that you feel like you need to have on the balance sheet to feel comfortable? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: On growth by concept, so about 6% or 7%, one to two points will be dd's and the rest will 
be Ross, approximately. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So on your question regarding cash, Paul, 
as Michael said, we'll make some decisions relative to buy back and dividend as we end the year. We also have some 
investments to make in distribution centers to provide for the infrastructure we need. So we'll look at all that and there'll 
be more information forthcoming towards the end of the year. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Got you. And then could you maybe just talk big picture about SG&A next year? Do you have 
plans to leverage, deleverage? How are you thinking about SG&A going forward? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So our G&A leverage probably between 
say three or four comp. It's all dependent on what we do from a top-line standpoint. We tend to be pretty frugal with 
that sort of thing. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good luck. 

Operator 

Your next questioning comes from our Laura Champine from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open. 


<Q - Laura Champine>: Good morning, guys. Other than the difficult comparisons that you're facing, is there any 
other reason that Ross or off-price retail in general would start to lose share at retail, or anything that might drive your 
traffic to slow down relative to the rest of retail? I'm just trying to figure out if there's another driver of top-line 
weakness or if it's just a factor of difficult comparisons. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's a factor of difficult comparisons 
and that'll be it. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Okay. So you're outlook for next year's comp – you mentioned that your leverage point 
would be 3% to 4%, but there's nothing that's changing that makes you think traffic would be down in your channel 
next year. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Not at this time. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Hey, guys. Congratulations, and good luck for holidays. It's nice to be on a very consistent 
conference call. I was curious – you have increased your merchant staff quite a bit over the last several years. And I 
feel like you're in a good place right now, but I'm from the outside looking in. So I'm curious if you can talk a little bit 
about your merchant staff, both as it relates to Ross Stores and dd's. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Talk about it – well, we've had a strategic 
initiative to grow the staff for a number of years, both the buying staff in both companies, as well as the planning and 
allocation staff. And we've been marching through with this strategy for a number of years, as I said, and we're going to 
continue to do it. It further gives us the ability to segregate businesses, get better market coverage, and look for more 
opportunities in all the marketplaces that we trade in. And we're very comfortable with the strategy. We think it's the 
key initiative. It is the single key initiative that has enabled us to grow our business the way we have. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Great. And do you guys have any comment on the direct business, the internet, at all at this 
point? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Can you just repeat that question, Marni, 
[inaudible]? 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Do you have any comment on the internet, the direct business, as it relates to Ross Stores at this 
point? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: No. Obviously we follow – we look at all channels pretty closely in terms of how they're 
developing. And we've looked at the internet from time to time in terms of people selling apparel on the internet. But 
right now we don't think there's any – there's certainly not a lot of overlap in our business. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Okay, great. Good luck, guys. Thank you. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Thank you. First just wanted to talk a little bit on the SG&A side. It sounds as if, if I 
understood correctly, the 20 basis points that you leveraged was all related to the higher incentive accrual and I'm just 


wondering, given that you were able to achieve a 3% comp, why then would we not have seen some leverage on the 
SG&A line. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, Marni (sic) [Adrianne], that's correct. 
All of the deleverage of the 20 basis points did happen on the incentive line. We were extremely profitable during the 
quarter. And if you look at our business, we did achieve some leverage of occupancy on store expenses. That was offset 
by the incentives, as we mentioned. We expect to deliver for the year deleverage in SG&A. If we look at the year, that's 
probably around a four comp. So that's about where it is, depending on timing and other issues. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Okay, just so I understand – it sounds as if even the comp leverage point was, as we 
understood it, probably a little bit lower, two to three, and now it's more three to four next year. Is that right? Is that 
right, and what has changed to kind of...? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The deleverage point is around – like I said, 
this year, we'll have some slight leverage, around a 4.25. We did lever on the three. As we go next year, depending on 
how we do and from a top line standpoint, we're thinking that three-ish is probably the leverage point that we'd 
probably achieve. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Okay, and then just shifting to the shrink performance, another great shrink performance. 
What sort of margin tailwind does that present over the next two quarters? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: The shrink performance from an accrual 
standpoint going forward, we think will probably pick up 10 to 15 basis points for the fourth quarter and then the first 
and second quarters next year as we lower that shrink accrual. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Great, thanks. Best of luck. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Oh, great, thank you. Good morning. We're hearing about some extra supply coming 
available in the marketplace given some shipment deliveries and other issues and perhaps even some excess inventory 
this year relative to last year. I was wondering if you could offer any color on that. 

And then, John, on the transportation costs that are coming up, do you think that that is a temporary issue, or do you 
think that this is sort of the new normal? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: If I heard this first part of the question, it was 
relative to excess inventory, if we're seeing excess inventory available? 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Yes. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Is that correct? 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Yes. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The answer would be yes, it's reflected in our 
packaway levels. It's been a very good buying period, and whether there's been a combination of erratic sales trends at 
some retailers as well as freight issues and timing of freight across from Asia. So there's been plenty of excess. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And on freight. So there was a lot of excess 
equipment and assets that were underutilized in '09. The carriers took that equipment out; rates came back up. So it all 
depends on what the freight equilibrium's going to be relative to equipment back in the market. Instinctively we think 
this is probably more reflective of freight as opposed to '09 when there was a lot of disruption in the market. 


<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: The other thing I'd say about it, Kimberly, is when we came into 2010 we assumed that 
freight rates would normalize because we benefited from low freight rates in 2009. So we built that into our budget and 
obviously it's built into our guidance. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Okay, so this is more normal, off of depressed '09 freight levels. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Yes. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Okay. John, just wanted a follow-up question – I think you said you achieved $0.10 of 
improvement in the quarter because of the benefit on shortage. Is that in the 85 basis point higher merchandise margin, 
or is that separate? And if you could quantify the basis points of benefit on shortage, that would be great. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. That is in the 85 basis points of 
margin improvement. Having said that, we achieved 100 basis points of margin improvement in the prior year. So we're 
up against 100 basis points. In the 85 basis points, we actually lost 10 basis points on the compare – I don't know if that 
makes sense. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: So within the 85/75 basis points, is the shortage benefit plus a 10 basis point 
improvement in the core merchandise margin? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, the other way around. We had 95 basis 
points of improvement in kind of core merchandise margin. And on a comparable basis, shrink was off 10 bps because 
we were up against 100 basis points. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Oh, great. Thank you so much. That's helpful. Thanks so much. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: The other point to make is just from an EPS point of view, Kimberly, the benefit in Q3 
was about $0.10. Last year, it was about $0.11. So obviously we've got benefit on top of benefit. When you look at it 
from a margin basis, it's a little bit confusing. But I think it's clearer when you look at it on a dollar basis. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Thanks, Michael. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: Thanks. Good morning. I had a question on your 10% to 15% EPS growth annually. First on 
the unit growth assumption in there, the low end to the high end, from the 10 to 15, what is the range of unit growth 
assumed in there? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Unit growth in terms of new stores around 6% to 7% per year. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: I'm sorry, 6 to 7? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: 6% to 7% per year in terms of new store. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: Per year. And then the other question that I think this – historically you've given this goal. 
I'm wondering if the components of how you get there have changed, given your operating margins are a lot fuller. So 
I'm curious if the components that growth that you would get from the margin is less now or if that hasn't changed at all 
going forward. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So Evren, it changes slightly. So 
historically I think the past couple of years we have grown the store base lower than 6% or 7%, so it was more around 
4% or 5%, and we'd assume some operating margin improvement with the repurchase that would get us between 10 
and 15. We're increasing our top line 6 to 7%. We are assuming that we're sustaining turn operating margin levels in 
that long-term model. Add I'd say a three comp to that and 4% earnings growth based on repurchase activities, we did 


between the 10% and 15% earnings growth per year. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: Okay, great. And then in terms of the unit growth of 6% to 7% per year, we were listening to 
the TJX conference call, and I think they talked about accelerating more Maxx openings in the U.S., especially in 
Manhattan, I think taking advantage of some of the real estate opportunities. Do you have any thoughts on potentially 
accelerating your square footage growth back to the double-digit rates it used to be at, and kind of what you're seeing in 
the real estate market? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: No, we're going to stick to the steady 6% to 7% growth. Obviously we'll be opportunistic 
in terms of what locations we pick up and what kind of real estate deals we do. But I think you can expect 6% to 7% is 
where it's going to be. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Which is an acceleration of where it has been 
most recently. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is now open. 

<Q - David Mann>: Yes, thank you. Given all the commentary out there about apparel inflation that is on its way, I'm 
just curious, Michael – when you look back in history in periods of inflation, what do you think that means for you in 
terms of availability of goods? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It's kind of hard to predict. I mean what's 
going on in the apparel manufacturing cycle, it's in the early stage. So we don't exactly know how this is going to land. 
But periods of disruption in pricing create uncertainty in the whole supply line, creates some uncertainty at mainstream 
retailing, and historically has been good for us in access of product. 

<Q - David Mann>: And then in terms of the deals that you bought, the increase in packaway, should we expect to see 
that you might have an opportunity to use that to drive merchandise margin just given that you're going to be selling a 
lot of that merchandise in a period when other retailers are going to be raising their prices? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think you should assume it will help us in 
some way in sales. It wouldn't hurt us – margin packaway is usually a high margin product for us under normal 
circumstances. So depending on how all this shakes out, it could be a positive. But it's really, as I said, too early to tell 
that aspect of it. 

<Q - David Mann>: Great. Thank you. Good luck in the holiday. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Klinefelter from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Yes, thank you. Just a couple quick questions – on the retail square footage growth going 
forward, are you seeing anything in terms of changes with respect to cost and/or availability of real estate? And how is 
that kind of playing into your acceleration plans? 

And then the second one would just be on this inflationary pressure, cost of goods pressure in the categories, both 
Domestic and Apparel. How does that play into your strategy of packaway? Are you taking advantage of some 
categories in front of the price increases, or is this normal course of business? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Let me take the packaway one first, okay? 
We purchase packaway based on the quality of each unique buy and what we think the value of that product is based on 


the brand and the classification of merchandise. We don't think of packaway as a hedge against inflation. We think of 
packaway as pure merchandise opportunities that we think our customers will value. If it turns out to be a hedge against 
inflation, great. But that's not our unique packaway strategy. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: And then on your question, Jeff, about real estate opportunities. Certainly with everything 
that's happened in the real estate market, commercial real estate market now for a couple years. There are opportunities 
out there in terms of locations and in terms of negotiating good deals. And needless to say we're using whatever 
leverage we can to go after those opportunities. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Okay, so would you expect any sort of economic model of your next – your 2011 cycle of 
new stores to be more favorable in general than you prior two cycles? 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: I think it's hard to say because there are so many things that go into that economic model. 
Certainly from a occupancy expense point of view, the environment is more favorable now than it was a couple years 
ago. But the other aspects of the economic model obviously will play in in terms of sales and so forth. So occupancy 
expense is just one piece of that. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: But the one thing we are seeing is we're 
seeing a higher quality of sites. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Rob Wilson from Tiburon Research. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Rob Wilson>: Yes, thank you. John, you mentioned that dd's would be slightly profitable this year before the 
allocation of corporate overhead. Could you remind us maybe what that compares to last year? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So compared to last year, it was slightly 
unprofitable. 

<Q - Rob Wilson>: Okay. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So...Go ahead. 

<Q - Rob Wilson>: Go ahead. Well, okay I'll just move on to the next question about shrink. You've obviously had a 
lot of success over the last few years reducing shrink. Can you give us some range of what shrink may have been as a 
percent of sales or some order of magnitude maybe three years ago versus what it is today? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Yes, I think all we say there is that shrink has come down substantially versus where it was 
three years ago. We don't disclose the numbers of percent of sales. But it's come down substantially, so we're very 
happy with that performance. 

<Q - Rob Wilson>: Fair enough. Thanks for taking my call. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And your last question comes from the line of Richard Jaffe from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is 
now open. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Hi, it's Stifel Nicolaus. Hi, guys. Just a follow-up on the inventory – as inventory turns more 
quickly and you've got a bigger team out in the field, is the focus on packaway diminishing, and the idea being buying 
closer to need and buying with more market intelligence as it were? Or is the strategy still the balance between 


packaway and in-store merchandise? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The strategy is to be flexible. So when 
packaway opportunities are plentiful, we raise it as we are now. And when they're of lesser quality, we shrink the level. 
And that's what drives its penetration to our total inventory level. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: And the level we're seeing now, is it sort around average? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We're seeing it's higher than it's been 
recently. And it's been the function of some very strong buying opportunities on some very, very good product. And 
we're very happy to have it in our packaway facility. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: So it'll remain an important part of the strategy in the 30% to 40% range of your inventory just -


<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, I would expect that to be. And it's – 
could – it's creeping up in the upper 30s today. And so if packaway opportunities continue to be very strong as we 
move through this fourth quarter, it could creep up another few points. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: And given the success of the shrink or the reduction of shrink, if you were to say that the 
industry average for all apparel retailers is about 2%, would it be safe to say that at one point you were above average 
and now you're below average? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: I actually would caution you not to sort of compare with industry metrics. We tried to do 
that and frankly everyone measures freight in a different way. So it's really not a meaningful comparison. I think what I 
would say is what we said a few moments ago, which is we weren't happy with the trend three or four years ago, and 
we've made a lot of improvement. And we're very happy with the success we've seen. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: And the level today is a go-forward sort of a stable, more a sustainable level. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, we believe it is. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And at this time we have no further questions. I'll turn the call back over to you. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you for joining us today, and best wishes to all of you for the holiday season. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


