Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Michael O'Sullivan 
Other Participants 

• Brian Tunick 
• Laura Champine 
• Stacy Pak 
• Evren Kopelman 
• Adrianne Shapira 
• David Weiner 
• Sean Naughton 
• David Mann 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Richard Jaffe 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores second quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. The call will begin 
with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a 
question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] I would also like to remind everyone that this call is being 
recorded. Thank you. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth. Please go ahead, sir. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael 
O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; 
John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor 
Relations. We will begin with a brief review of our second quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the 
remainder of the year. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 

Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding 
expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current 
forecast of aspects of the company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. 
These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2009 Form 10-K and 2010 Forms 10-Q and 8-Ks 
on file with the SEC. 


Turning to our results, today we reported second quarter earnings per share of $1.07, up from $0.82 per share for the 
2009 second quarter. These results represent a 30% increase on top of 52% growth in the prior year. Net earnings for 
the current year quarter grew 25% to a record $129.3 million, up from 103.4 million in the prior year period. Our 2010 
second-quarter sales increased 8% to $1.912 billion with comparable store sales up 4%, which was at the high end of 
our forecast. 

For the six months ended July 31, 2010, earnings per share were $2.24, up from $1.55 in the first half of 2009. These 
results represent a 45% increase on top of a 37% gain in earnings per share during the first half of 2009. Net earnings 
for the first six months rose 39% to a record $271.6 million, up from $194.8 million last year. 

Sales for the first six months of 2010 increased 11% to $3.847 billion, with comparable store sales up 7%. 

Unlike the many other retailers who reported negative same-store sales in the first half of 2009, our growth for both the 
second quarter and the first six months of 2010 was on top of a solid 3% gain for both periods last year. 

We believe our results continue to benefit from the efficient execution of our off-price strategies combined with our 
favorable position as a value retailer in this difficult macroeconomic and retail environment. Home, dresses and shoes 
were the top performing merchandise categories for both the second quarter and the first six months. Same-store sales 
for all three businesses were up in the high single to low double-digit percentage range during the quarter. 

Geographic trends were relatively broad based. Florida was the strongest region for the quarter and year-to-date 
periods, with high single-digit and low double-digit comparable store sales gains respectively. California trailed the 
chain, with second quarter same-store sales that were flat on top of a 3% increase in the prior year. For the first six 
months, California comparable store sales were up 3% on top of a 3% gain in 2009. 

Clearly, the macroeconomic environment in California remains very difficult, with among other issues, higher than 
average unemployment and ongoing weakness in housing. That said, we believe that the widespread recognition of the 
Ross brand in our most mature region as well as our consistent focus on value are enabling us to navigate through this 
climate better than most other retailers. Our average store sales volumes in the state are among the highest in the chain. 
More importantly, our successful inventory management and improved allocation through micromerchandising have 
enabled us to show solid growth in average store profitability in California for both the second quarter and the first six 
months of the year. 

For our second quarter, we are pleased to report that the company's operating margin grew about 140 basis points to 
11.1% on top of a 260 basis point improvement in the same period last year. These profitability gains were driven by a 
110 basis point increase in gross margin and a 30 basis point decline in selling, general, and administrative costs as a 
percent of sales. 

Key drivers of our stronger profit margins for both the second quarter and year-to-date periods were higher 
merchandise gross margin, a timing shift in distribution expenses related to packaway level, lower shortage costs, and 
leverage on other operating expenses. John will provide some additional details on operating margin trends in a few 
minutes. 

As we ended the second quarter, total consolidated inventories were down 1%, with average selling store inventory 
down about 9%. Packaway was about 37% of total inventories compared to 36% at this time last year. 

We continue to plan further reductions of in-store inventories for the back half of 2010, with average levels targeted 
down in the high single-digit percentage rate compared to 2009. Our ongoing focus on tight inventory management 
allows us to maximize the percentage of fresh receipts the customer sees when she shops our stores, driving faster 
inventory turns and higher merchandise gross margin. 

Turning to our store expansion program, we added a net 26 Ross and five dd's DISCOUNTS stores in the first half of 
the year, and remain on track to open a total of about 35 Ross and 15 dd's locations in 2010. 

Sales growth rate trends at dd's DISCOUNTS also slowed in the second quarter, due in part to very difficult prior-year 
comparisons. In addition, dd's has a large exposure to California, with about two-thirds of its stores in the state. That 


said, based on our first half results and outlook for the balance of the year, we continue to expect dd's DISCOUNTS to 
be slightly profitable in 2010 before allocations for corporate expense. 

Now let's talk about our financial condition. We are pleased to report that both our balance sheet and cash flows remain 
healthy. We ended the quarter with $775 million of cash and short-term investments. Our cash position benefited from 
our better than expected earnings and reduced working capital needs as we operate the business on lower inventories. 

During the second quarter and first six months of 2010, we repurchased 1.8 million and 3.6 million shares of common 
stock respectively, for an aggregate purchase price of $193 million year to date. We remain on track to complete during 
2010 approximately $375 million of our current two-year $750 million stock repurchase program. 

I'd like to turn now to our updated outlook for the second half of the year. As we noted in today's press release, 
predicting the future in today's uncertain macroeconomic and retail climate remains challenging. We also face 
extremely tough comparisons in the second half of the year, as same-store sales grew 9% and earnings per share rose 
67% in the back half of 2009. As a result, while we hope to do better, we believe it is prudent to maintain a somewhat 
cautious outlook concerning our sales and earnings targets for the second half of 2010. 

Now John will provide some additional color on our second quarter results and details of our third and fourth quarter 
guidance. 

John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. Our 4% comparable store sales gain in the second quarter was driven by a combination of low single-digit 
increases in both the number of transactions and in the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin improved by 
about 140 basis points in the quarter to 11.1%, driven by a 110 basis point increase in gross margin and a 30 basis point 
decline in selling, general, and administrative costs as a percent of sales. 

Merchandise margin increased about 80 basis points, which includes our shortage accrual that was about 25 basis 
points lower than the prior year. Distribution expenses declined about 40 basis points. The second quarter benefited 
from certain distribution costs related to our packaway balances that are moving into the second half of 2010. We 
expect these expenses, which are equivalent to about $0.05 in earnings per share, to be incurred in the third and fourth 
quarters and be neutral for the full year. 

Occupancy expense benefited the quarter by about 20 basis points. These favorable comparisons were partially offset 
by a 20 basis point increase in freight costs and a 10 basis point increase in buying and incentive expenses. The decline 
in selling, general, and administrative cost as a percent of sales was mainly due to leverage on corporate expenses from 
the 4% increase in same-store sales. 

Our buyback program drove a 4% reduction in diluted shares outstanding, and a slightly lower tax rate added about 1% 
to net earnings growth in the quarter. 

Turning now to our guidance for the second half of the year, again for the reasons Michael just mentioned, we believe 
it is prudent in this environment to stay somewhat cautious as we plan our business for the third and fourth quarters. 

Over the 13 weeks ending October 30, 2010, we forecast a comparable store sales gain of 1 to 2% on top of the very 
strong 8% growth in last year's third quarter. Earnings per share are projected to be $0.79 to $0.83 compared to $0.84 in 
the prior year period when earnings per share almost doubled with a 91% increase. As a reminder, last year's third 
quarter included a $0.09 per share benefit from much better than expected shortage results. 

Our third quarter 2010 targets are based on the following assumptions. Sales are expected to grow about 5 to 6%, 
driven by a combination of new store growth; and as mentioned, same-store sales are up 1 to 2%. We are forecasting 
about 20 net new stores to open during the period, including 10 Ross Dress for Less and 10 dd's DISCOUNTS. We are 
planning comparable store sales to increase 3 to 4% for August, 1 to 2% for September, and to be flat to up 1% for 
October. Last year, same-store sales rose 6, 8, and 9% in August, September, and October respectively. 


Operating margin for the third quarter is expected to be 8.5 to 8.8%. This compares to 9.9% in the 2009 third quarter, 
which included an approximate 100 basis point benefit from last year's very favorable shortage results. 

As is our practice, our third quarter guidance does not assume any benefit to earnings that may occur if shortage is 
lower than our accrual. While we have put in place numerous shortage control initiatives over the past few years that 
have been successful in reducing shrink, we need to complete our annual physical inventory in September to determine 
our actual shortage for the current year. 

Net interest expense is planned to be approximately $2 million, and our tax rate is expected to be about 38%. We also 
estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 119 million. 

For the fourth quarter ending January 29, 2011, same-store sales are projected to be flat to down 1% compared to an 
exceptional 10% increase in last year's fourth quarter. Earnings per share for the fourth quarter are forecast to be in the 
range of $1.15 to $1.20. This compares to the $1.16 for the prior year, which was up 52% over the same period in 2008. 

Given our first half performance and projections for the third and fourth quarters, we are now estimating earnings per 
share for the fiscal year ending January 29, 2011 to be in the range of $4.18 to $4.27 compared to $3.54 for the 2009 
fiscal year. This represents projected growth of 18 to 21% on top of a 52% gain in fiscal 2009. 

Now I will turn the call back to Michael. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, John. To sum up, we are pleased with our solid second quarter earnings growth and the outstanding results 
we achieved in the first six months of 2010. Our profit growth for both periods is especially noteworthy considering it 
was on top of outstanding double-digit percentage gains in the prior year. 

We know that our ability to give our customers the best values possible on a wide array of name-brand fashions for the 
family and the home, is and always will be the key to our success. We remain confident that the formula that has 
worked so well for us over the past few years, solid execution of our merchandising strategies along with a continued 
focus on tight inventory and expense controls, will remain the key to maximizing our prospects for sales and earnings 
growth over the balance of 2010 and beyond. 

At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Tunick with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Thanks, congrats, and just a couple of questions here. I guess first, we looked at your 
merchandise margin compares, especially in the back half, given what you've done with the inventory improvement 
and the lead time. So I'm just curious beyond the back half of this year, where you think merchandise margin gains can 
continue to come from. 

The second question on dd's, do we assume then that comps turn negative at that concept, and where does the square 
footage growth rate plans next year lie right now, given how many leases you may have signed? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On your first question, Brian, regarding the 
margin compares, we still believe there is some room in margin. We are aggressively managing inventories in the back 
half. So our guidance does contemplate some improvement in margin. However, in the back half that improved margin 
will be offset by delevering of expenses based on the lower comp rates. 


<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: And then Brian, on your question about dd's, dd's actually is still ahead for the year, year to 
date. It did slow down slightly in the second quarter. But actually dd's was up against pretty strong comparisons from 
last year. So there was one final bit of your question, could you just repeat what it was? 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Yes, where you guys on your store lease signings for next year? How many dd's are you guys 
contemplating, when you think about your overall square footage growth rate for next year? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: As a company overall, we expect around about 7% unit growth next year. dd's would 
probably be about one to two points of that, so maybe 15-ish kind of stores, if you're looking out ahead. 

Operator 

Mr. Tunick, did you have anything else to add? 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Well said, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine with Cowen and Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Good morning. It looks like – first I would like to clarify, that was about 7% unit growth 
next year, is that what you had mentioned, Mike? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Yes, Laura, for planning purposes, I would say around about that. I think we said in the 
past our unit growth over the next few years will be in the order of 6 to 7%. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hey, Laura, this is John. We'll get final on 
those numbers in the January timeframe. We'll come out with our guidance for the next year. But I think, Michael, just 
on order of magnitude, that's what we're looking at. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Okay. It does seem like, if I heard your EBITDA for Q3 right, that you'll have a deceleration 
in the margin that's fairly significant, of 8.8 was the high end of that, and that SG&A expense, dollar growth likely 
grows or increases sequentially. What's driving that increase in SG&A expense dollar growth year-on-year in Q3? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Laura, the real factor in the third quarter is, 
there was a 100 basis point benefit last year received from the shrink benefits. We haven't dialed any benefit in from 
this year's shrink, so we're up against that 100 basis points. If you subtract that from the 9.9 that we did last year, you 
get about right in – the high end approach is that level. So SG&A increases slightly, but not that meaningfully. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Okay, think you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak with SP Research. Your line is open. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Hi, guys, congratulations. I've got several questions. On the industry, are you beginning to see some 
inventory cancellations, and are you thinking that the larger in-transits that are out there could lead to more 
cancellations that might benefit you? What are you seeing in the pricing environment? You guys made some comments 
in July about the competitive environment. I'm noticing your August guidance is an uptick in trend from July, so 
curious there. 

And then finally on California, have you noticed something more in the last couple of months, more of a slowdown, 
and are you noticing anything different between northern and southern? Thanks. 


<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On the inventory cancellations, I would say 
we've seen an uptick in cancellations. Whether it relates to the freight disruption or not, it's hard to tell, or just the fact 
that business has been a little more erratic across mainstream retailing on a monthly basis, but there has been an uptick. 
Also any disruption in flow, which I think is which you're alluding to with the shipping situation, any disruption in flow 
is usually a positive for the off-price community. 

What we've seen in pricing is, certainly the second quarter was extremely promotional. And obviously our guidance has 
been cautious because we don't know if that's going to continue or not through the rest of the year. But we have to be 
conservative and hopefully we'll do better, but pricing has been interesting in the department store sector over the last 
several months. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: And then, Stacy, I think your last question was about California. In all of the regions that 
we're in, we break down performance by market. And there are some markets in California that are doing better than 
others. But I think overall the performance of California is how we described it in Michael's remarks, I wouldn't pick 
apart any individual market. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. And then just on the August guidance, is any of the firming there, does it have to do with 
better pricing from department stores, or why are you seeing an uptick in your run rate in August? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: We really wouldn't comment... 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Stacy, we really don't comment on sales this 
month. We did say coming out of July, we saw the turn increase slightly. We'll leave it at that. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: Thank you, good morning. Two questions, one is on your longer term EPS growth goals. I 
believe historically, and correct me if I'm wrong, maybe it was in the low double digits. With the significant 
improvement in your merchandise margins, is there any change to that goal longer term? 

And then the second question is, with your packaway, how are you thinking about that in this rising cost environment? 
Is that a benefit for you? Do you think about buying more, even more ahead of time, ahead of all the cost increases? 
How do you think about that? Thank you. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Evren, this is John. On your first question 
relative to our long-term EPS targets, what we have targeted is 10 to 14 – 15% long term. The improvements in 
merchandise margin really haven't affected us that much. The goal is really a function of top line growth, comp 
assumptions, some EBIT improvement assumptions, and the stock repurchase. So that that perspective hasn't changed. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And how we think about packaway, in any 
environment, we think about packaway as the quality of each buy and the value that we think we can purchase it at. 
And how that fits into our expectations for our assortments for the following season. So packaway is surely purely, 
regardless of the economic situation, the quality of each individual buy. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: Okay, great. So you're not increasing earlier buying ahead of potential cost increases? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: If the buy looks appropriate, the answer 
would be yes. If it doesn't look appropriate, the answer would be no. So we don't take a strategy, we don't really have a 
strategy that there might be cost increases so we're going to buy more packaway. Again, our packaway levels are 
results of the quality of inventory we're able to purchase in the marketplace. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: Great, thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Thank you. When you think about comps, we've obviously seen traffic be a big driver of 
comps. More recently, it looks like it's more split between traffic and ticket driving comps. So going forward, help us 
reconcile, if the department stores seem as if they're a bit more promotional, how we should think about the ticket 
opportunity, especially as you lap some easy year-ago comparisons there? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On the ticket comparison, as you said, we 
were up slightly in the quarter. Traffic was up slightly, and it probably speaks to our pricing where we believe that 
we're delivering pretty good values. Comps ended up growing in the third quarter. So if department stores decide to get 
more promotional, that might hurt on the traffic, like we saw in the springtime. But we do believe we're pretty well set 
for the third quarter. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Okay. And could you walk, in terms of the traffic trends, have you seen some – maybe talk 
us through some of the traffic trends that you saw in the quarter, and how you expect that to play out in the third 
quarter? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So the traffic trends really were reflected in 
the comp, which is a pretty good guide to the traffic trend. So if you take our comp assumptions for the third quarter, 
there is a lot of uniformity in that purchase traffic – is how it... 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Thank you. And then as it relates to categories, we've been hearing dresses, shoes has been 
a strong driver for some time. Could you give us some sense in terms of where you're seeing some opportunities in 
other categories, or pretty consistent with what has been strong so far? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's pretty consistent. The big swing is 
that it's been a very good buying opportunity. So we'll see how that plays out across all the other categories. But those 
three businesses have been uniquely strong for us for a period of time, dresses, shoes, and home. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Dave Weiner with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 

<Q - David Weiner>: Great, thanks. Good morning. So a few of my questions have already been asked, but I guess I'll 
ask about your growth into new markets next year. So within that 7% square footage growth that you called out, can 
you give a little detail as to how much of that is in new markets, and has there been any change over the last quarter or 
so in terms of the pace at which you will roll out in those markets? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Dave, I think we've stated in the past that we will enter new markets in 2011. I think the 
important thing to keep in mind, at least for the next few years, is the number of stores won't be material in terms of the 
overall impact on company growth. So of that 7% unit growth, it will be no more than a point or two that would be in 
new markets. So the financial impact on the company over the next few years won't be that significant. 

<Q - David Weiner>: Okay, thanks. Any comments on geographies, maybe start in the Midwest and then move your 
way East, or...? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: We're looking at all of that now. Obviously we're only in 27 states, so there's quite a lot of 
opportunity for us. So we're going through the process of evaluating the right rollout plan. 

<Q - David Weiner>: Okay, thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Sean Naughton with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. 

<Q - Sean Naughton>: Hi, thanks. You talked about the slowdown in comps at dd's, obviously up against some 
difficult comparisons. But can you talk about any impact that you saw when the extended unemployment benefits wore 
off at the end of June, and was there a snap-back in the comp when those were reinstituted in July? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Obviously the slowdown that we referred to was in the second quarter. And the event you 
just referenced was in the second quarter. But it's hard for us to draw a causal relationship. And I think the 
unemployment benefit has only just been reinstituted, so it's hard for us to tell if that will have an impact. So we really 
don't know, it could be one of a number of factors that may have contributed to dd's performance. 

<Q - Sean Naughton>: Okay. So it doesn't seem like there was just a fall-off when those rolled off? That's not what 
you guys saw, necessarily, in the concept? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: We just can't draw a link between the two. dd's did see a slowdown in the second quarter, 
but we don't know what drove that, if anything. 

<Q - Sean Naughton>: Okay. And then gross margins, obviously you guys are doing a great job on keeping the 
inventories tight and executing positive same-store sales. But can you talk about, and you mentioned this, that 
California was improving from the micro-merchandising initiatives, but have you been able to drill down any further on 
what the potential is for further merchandise margin expansions, or how much has been contributed to this particular 
initiative? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: It's very hard to tell because micro-merchandising was launched about a year ago, and 
we're pretty happy with how it's working. Obviously over the course of the past year, we've seen pretty significant 
improvements in our margins. But there have been a number of things that have contributed to that: the lower inventory 
levels, the fact that our sales continue to run ahead of plan. So it's hard for us to isolate this particular variable. We 
think it's helping, but it's hard for us to calibrate exactly how much. 

<Q - Sean Naughton>: Okay, fair enough. And then lastly on Florida, clearly this has been called out as an area of 
strength for you guys recently. Is there anything that you can talk about as to why this particular area or this part of the 
chain is really outperforming? Is there a category or have you changed your marketing strategy in this area, or are these 
just coming off some relatively easier comparisons and they're just getting a little bit more of a lift? Thank you. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's the latter. I don't think we've 
reinvented the wheel there. I think we're up against a couple of soft years, and we're getting some share back. 

<Q - Sean Naughton>: Fair enough, thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is open. 

<Q - David Mann>: Yes, thank you. Going back to the question about your August guidance, you talked about how 
it's a little I guess easier compare against last year, but it looks like it's a little tougher when you go back two or three 
years. I'm just curious what your thoughts on that in terms of why you're more bullish on August. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: David, this is John. Its closer in. Obviously, 
we can see where we are. As I mentioned, we came out of July strongly, so we like where we are in August, and given 
the compares you talked about, that gives us – that informed our guidance relative to August. 


<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: The other point is I think back-to-school is obviously an important time for the customer. 
It's a time when they need to go out and shop. So if I was to contrast that with July, which is a much quieter time, 
there's not a lot of reason for the customer to go out there if there are deals and if there's clearance. Therefore, we feel 
like August is an opportunity. 

<Q - David Mann>: So then, John, in terms of SG&A, can you give us a sense on how you think about the back half in 
terms of the comp leverage point for SG&A? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. I did mention that we will experience 
a slight deleverage in SG&A in the back half of one to two in the third and flat to down one in the fourth quarter. So 
our leverage point now, David, we think it's right around 2 – 3% for SG&A. 

<Q - David Mann>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro with Retail Tracker. Your line is open. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Hey guys, congratulations and good luck with the upcoming fall season. I was wondering if 
you guys could just talk about, you have a lot of moving parts in your stores in a lot of different segments besides just 
women's apparel. Can you talk about any segments that maybe surprised you to the positive or negative that you can 
chase into the fall and holiday season? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Could you repeat? I'm sorry, could you 
repeat that? It broke up a little. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: I'm sorry, I was curious if there were any segments – you have a lot different segments between 
kids, non-apparel, misses, juniors, men's, shoes; any segments that surprised you to the positive or negative that you 
can chase into the fall or holiday seasons? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think there are segments within apparel, 
okay, certainly both in juniors and young men's that we could chase. And we're very happy with our center core 
business and are chasing potential there. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Excellent, glad to hear that. Good luck, guys. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comps from the line of Richard Jaffe with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Thanks very much. You guys have shown really good operating discipline in regards to your 
inventory the last several years. I'm wondering at what point, with a year of micro-merchandising under your belt, does 
that run out of steam and you start operating with rather than declining inventories year over year, but start to see that 
flatten. And I guess if you want to comment on the next couple of quarters, that would be great, or if you wanted to just 
comment more generally about how you see that unfolding? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Basically our inventory, we feel good about 
how we've been managing it. I appreciate your kind comments. But our view is that we've put things in place with 
micro-merchandising, and so we can plan better on a more localized level, gives us another tool to keep digging in – 
digging out inventory that we don't need. So I think there's still room to go. And when there isn't, I don't see us plowing 
in a lot more inventory. I think we've learned a lot over the last few years that we'll be applying forever in this 
company. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: I like that... 


<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Go ahead. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: I didn't mean to imply that it was time to start building inventories, just wondering how much 
more opportunity – obviously the big gains have been made in terms of inventory reduction. I'm just wondering if 
there's still more opportunity. It sounds like the answer is yes. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We think there is. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Yes. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We think there is still more opportunity. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Okay. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: In the back half, we think inventories will 
be down high singles. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: I'm sorry, high singles? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Wow. Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to our presenters. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

All right, we want to thank you all for your interest in Ross. We look forward to speaking to you all again in 
November. Have a great day. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


