Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Bobbi Chaville, Investor Relations 
• Michael O'Sullivan 
Other Participants 

• Paul Lejuez 
• Jeffrey Klinefelter 
• Kimberly Greenberger 
• Brian Tunick 
• Adrianne Shapira 
• Evren Kopelman 
• Stacy Pak 
• Jeff Black 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Michelle Clark 
• Laura Champine 
• David Mann 
• Dana Telsey 
• David Weiner 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin 
with prepared remarks by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a question and 
answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded 
today Thursday May 20, 2010. Thank you. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth. You may now begin. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael 
O'Sullivan, President and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; 
John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director of Investor 
Relations. We'll begin with a brief review of our first quarter performance, followed by our outlook for the second 
quarter. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 

Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding 
expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current 


forecast of aspects of the company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical performance or current expectations. 
These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2009 Form 10-K, and 2010 Form 8-Ks on file with 
the SEC. 

Turning to our results, today we reported first quarter earnings per share of $1.16, up from $0.72 per share for the 2009 
first quarter. These results represent an outstanding 61% increase on top of 20% growth in the prior year. Net earnings 
for the current quarter – the current year quarter grew 56% to a record $142.3 million, up from $91.4 million in the 
prior year period. Our 2010 first quarter sales increased 14% to $1.935 billion with comparable store sales up 10% on 
top of a 3% gain in the prior year. 

We are very pleased with our exceptional first quarter performance, which was driven by robust sales gains and record 
levels of profitability that were well ahead of plan. We believe our results continue to benefit from the superior 
execution of our off-price strategy combined with our favorable position as a value retailer in the current economic and 
retail environment. During the first quarter, we continued to see healthy traffic to our stores as an increasing number of 
shoppers were attracted to our wide assortments of fresh and exciting name brand bargains. 

Shoes and Home were the top performing merchandise categories, both with same-store sales gains in the high-teen 
percentage range, while the Northwest and Florida were the strongest regions, posting low to mid-teen increases in 
comparable store sales. California, which was impacted by unseasonable weather in April, posted a solid same-store 
sales gain of 7% for the quarter on top of a 4% increase in the prior year. 

Operating margin grew about 320 basis points to a record 12.1% due to a 230 basis point increase in gross margin and a 
90 basis point improvement in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales. Key drivers of our 
improved profitability in the first quarter were significant growth in merchandise gross margin and leverage on 
operating expenses from the double-digit gain in same-store sales. John will provide some additional details on 
operating margin trends in a few minutes. 

As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were down 1% with average selling store inventories down 
about 8%. Packaway was about 33% of total inventories compared to 34% at this time last year. 

For 2010, we continue to plan further reductions of in-store inventories with average levels targeted down in the 
mid-to-high single digit percentage range compared to 2009. Our customers continue to respond favorably to the higher 
percentage of fresh and exciting merchandise resulting from our faster inventory turns. Additionally, our ongoing focus 
on tight inventory management also helps to maximize merchandise gross margins. 

Turning to our store expansion program, we remain on track with our 2010 opening program adding 14 net new Ross 
and 2 dd's DISCOUNTS in the first quarter. We are also pleased to report that dd's DISCOUNTS strong performance in 
2009 continued in the first quarter. Our accelerated growth plans for this promising business remain on track with a 
total of 15 new locations planned for 2010. Based on our first quarter results and outlook for the balance of the year, we 
continue to expect dd's DISCOUNTS to be slightly profitable in 2010 before allocations for corporate expense. 

Like Ross, dd's is benefiting from our ability to deliver a faster flow of fresh and exciting product to our stores by 
operating on lower inventory levels. The continued solid gains in sales and profitability at dd's also reflect that its value 
focused merchandise offerings are resonating well with its customers and we are very excited about our accelerated 
expansion plans for dd's in 2010 and beyond. 

Now let's talk about our financial condition. We are pleased to report that both our balance sheet and cash flows remain 
healthy. We ended the quarter with $826 million of cash and short-term investments. Our cash position benefited from 
our much better than expected earnings and reduced working capital needs as we operate the business on lower 
inventories. 

We also retired a significant amount of our excess cash to stockholders through our dividend and stock repurchase 
program. Earlier this year, we raised our cash dividend by 45% and announced a new, two year $750 million stock 
repurchase program for 2010 and 2011. During the first quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares of common stock 


for an aggregate purchase price of $94 million and remain on track to complete approximately $375 million of our 
current authorization by the end of 2010. 

Now John will provide some additional color on our first quarter results and details on our guidance for the second 
quarter. 

John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. As Michael noted, we saw healthy traffic to our stores during the first quarter. Our 10% comparable store 
sales gain was driven by high single-digit growth in the number of transactions combined with a low single-digit 
increase in the size of the average basket. Again, operating margin improved by about 320 basis points in the quarter to 
12.1%, driven by a 230 basis point increase in gross margin and a 90 basis point decline in selling, general and 
administrative costs as a percent of sales. 

Merchandise margin increased about 130 basis points, including our shortage accrual that was about 25 basis points 
lower than the prior year. We also realized leverage on occupancy and distribution expenses of about 70 and 40 basis 
points, respectively. Partially offsetting these improvements was a 10 basis point increase in freight cost. 

The decline in selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales was due to a combination of leverage on 
both store and corporate expenses from the robust 10% increase in same-store sales. Our buyback program drove a 3% 
reduction in diluted shares outstanding. 

Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance. As noted in today's press release, our previously issued guidance for the 
second quarter remains unchanged. While we are exceedingly pleased with our excellent start to the year, sales trends 
in the current macroeconomic and retail climate can be difficult to predict. In addition, on a two year basis, we are 
anniversarying tougher comparisons in the second quarter when same-store sales rose 9% for 2008 and 2009 combined, 
after being up 6% for the first quarter. We believe that planning somewhat cautiously while hoping to do better is 
appropriate in this environment. 

This practice has enabled us to chase the business, resulting in faster inventory churns and better gross margin and 
expense leverage when we do outperform. As a result, for the second quarter we continue to forecast a comparable 
store sales gain of 3 to 4% and earnings per share of 95 to $0.99. This represents forecasted EPS growth of 16 to 21% 
on top of an outstanding 52% gain in the second quarter of 2009. 

These targets are based on the following assumptions. Total sales are expected to grow about 7 to 8%, driven by a 
combination of new store growth and, as mentioned, same-store sales that are up 3 to 4%. We are forecasting about 15 
net new stores to open during the period including 12 Ross Dress for Less and three dd's DISCOUNTS. We are 
planning comparable store sales gains of 2 to 3% for May and 3 to 4% for both June and July. Last year's same-store 
sales rose 4, 1 and 4% in May, June and July, respectively. 

Operating margin for the second quarter is expected to be 10.2 to 10.4%, up from 9.7% last year. This represents a 
projected 50 to 70 basis point increase on top of a 260 basis point gain in the second quarter of 2009. Net interest 
expense is planned to be approximately $2.5 million and our tax rate is expected to be about 39%. We also estimate 
weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 121 million. 

As noted in today's press release, fiscal 2010 EPS is projected to grow 16 to 20% to 4.11 to 4.24, up from 3.54 last 
year. This forecasted increase is especially noteworthy considering it is also on top of a robust 52% gain in EPS in 
2009. 

Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 


Thank you, John. I want to reiterate how pleased we are by our excellent start to the year. Again, while we had planned 
strong earnings growth in the first quarter, our actual results were even better than expected. As mentioned earlier, 
through strong execution of our off-price strategies, we have been able to take advantage of our favorable position as a 
value retailer in the current economic and retail environment. 

Looking ahead, we believe that consumers' focus on value will continue for the foreseeable future, which bodes well 
for our bargain-oriented business. We also know that our ability to give our customers the best values possible on a 
wide array of name brand fashions for the family and the home is, and always will be, the key to our success. We 
remain committed to ensuring that we have access to as wide a supply of bargains as possible by making ongoing 
investments in our merchandise organization. A larger number of merchants increases the contact we have with our 
resources and maximizes our potential to be in the right place at the right time to take advantage of the best value 
priced branded product in the marketplace. 

To maximize our prospects for future sales and earnings growth, we will continue our efforts to stock our stores with 
great bargains, operate our business on lower inventories and strictly control expenses throughout the company. 

At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 

Bobbi Chaville, Investor Relations 

Operator? 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Hey, guys. It's Paul Lejuez. As you think about the comp progression throughout the year, how do 
you think about the traffic versus ticket; can you hang on to the ticket gains that you've seen recently? And also, just 
wondering on the Home category, where does that sit as a percentage of total sales versus last year and how high do 
you think that can go? Thanks. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, Paul, on your first question relative to 
traffic and ticket, we have over the past while seen increased traffic in the stores. Our focus is to, obviously, maintain 
that traffic. We are, as mentioned in the recorded comments, anticipating 3 to 4% comp and that should be a similar 
traction as to what we've had over the past. We also mentioned in the recorded comments or the prepared comments 
that we do see the back half as being relatively flat from a comp standpoint given that we're up against such heady 
numbers going into that part of the year. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: That's more of a traffic issue, though, right, John? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: In terms of what, traffic issue? 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: In the comp, the second half of the year, the tough compares. It was driven by – the comp was 
driven by traffic last year, correct? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: That's correct. It was. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: So do you still – do you think you can hang onto these ticket gains as we move into the back half? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: As we look at it, the idea is to put bargains 
in front of the customers, obviously maintain our value differential between full price retailers; and whether it's traffic 
or it's tickets, we'll take the comp. 


<Q - Paul Lejuez>: And then Home ... 
<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: The second part of your question was Home? 
<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Yes. 
<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, Home is slightly over 20% of our 


business and I think it could end up, over time, probably in the mid-20s. 
<Q - Paul Lejuez>: What was it last year, Michael? 
<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Excuse me? 
<Q - Paul Lejuez>: What was it last year? 
<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: It was in the low-20s. 
<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Same, okay. Thanks. 
<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Correct. 


Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Klinefelter from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Yes, thank you. Just a question on costs as we go through the year; lot of chatter right now 
from the vendors, all the way back in the supply chain through the retailers about some pricing pressure from various 
factors, raw materials, labor, transportation, et cetera. In terms of the dynamics with both your pre-season and 
end-season purchasing as an off-price retailer, can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing or hearing so far 
and how you'd expect it to play out over the next couple of seasons? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. We hear the same chatter that you're 
describing and we haven't seen any material change yet, a couple of pockets where there have been slight changes, but 
for us our business is a value business based on a differential between ourselves and department stores and other 
mainstream retailers. So however this plays out, if we do our job effectively and execute our off-price purchasing 
model correctly, then we'll be able to keep the value differential we need from department stores and provide our 
customers bargains, and that's what we're focusing on. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Okay. So your view would be something to maintain a similar margin rate, you'll float 
accordingly with the other retailers you're competing against? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Pretty much, pretty much. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger from Citi. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Oh, great, thank you. Good morning. John, I was wondering if you could talk about 
the low single-digit increase in your average seller sale; was that being driven by a higher average unit retail price or 
more units per transaction? And secondarily, it sounds like in 2011 you'll be looking to expand into new markets. 
Could you remind us how new store productivity has looked historically when you've expanded into new markets? 
Thank you. 


<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. On the first question Kimberly, our 
AURs were slightly up, which was driving the basket slightly up. And the second question had to do with store 
productivity levels, historically, as we've entered new markets? 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Right. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Yeah, I'll take that, Kimberly. I mean – typically when we enter new markets, our store 
productivity starts out a little bit slower than existing markets, but within five years or so, three to five years, we expect 
those productivity levels to come up closer to the others. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Michael, are there any strategies that you could employ as you're entering these new 
markets that would boost the productivity in those newer stores? Is it a matter of getting to a critical mass of stores so 
that you can effectively market in that new geography or what are the key drivers of that lower productivity that you 
might be able to proactively attack on the front end? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: The answer to your question is yes, there are. And from the experience we've had of 
entering new markets, we've identified a number of things that we plan to use and prepare for as we enter new markets 
in 2011. It includes pretty much all the things you just described, trying to boost our awareness earlier, trying to make 
sure that the assortments match the particular needs of the customers in those markets, trying to get to critical mass 
sooner. So it really is all about things that you'd expect, yeah. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from line of Brian Tunick from JPMorgan. Your line is open. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Hi. Good morning and congrats. I guess two questions; so we're going to have this big shrink 
true-up coming I guess right – comparison, I guess, wise in the third quarter and I was just wondering how we should 
be thinking about that and if that takes into consideration this year how you're turning your inventory faster or your 
speed to market? So just some color on how you're thinking as we compare against the shrink true-up in the third 
quarter. 

And then maybe for Michael, you're obviously increasingly excited about dd's and maybe you could just share with us 
either where productivity is today versus maybe where you think you can get to; the four wall opportunity at dd's 
versus Ross; just maybe some more metrics around the dd's business. Thanks very much. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. On the shrink true-up we had last 
year, it benefited third quarter by about 110 basis points. As we planned this year we accrued at that historic level. 
Clearly, if we do better than we've done historically, we should be able to pick some up in the third quarter. But having 
said that, we're not tying down that at this point in time. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: And Brian, on your second question, yeah, we're very excited about how dd's is 
performing. In the first quarter, it continued to perform well ahead of plan. So we're very excited about that 
performance. You asked about operating metrics versus Ross. I think we've said in the past that gross margins are 
higher at dd's, but operating expenses are also higher, so in terms of contribution margin, four wall contribution, it's 
very comparable to Ross. 

Obviously, when you run that all the way down to operating margin, because it's a smaller business that isn't yet really 
at scale, it doesn't have the same operating margin as Ross. But once we get up to scale and we have a critical mass of 
stores, we expect the economics to be very comparable and very attractive. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: And just a follow-up to that first part, just on the inventory turn philosophy and the speed to 
market, I mean you have continued to run with down inventory per foot in the back half; maybe just talk about some of 
the processes or things that have changed in the organization over the last year or two? 


<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: I think the answer – I think your main question there was whether we'll continue to run at 
lower inventory levels and the answer is, yes, we will and that will be supported, as you say, by the supply chain being 
faster than – as brought by the improvements we've made in terms of supply chain speed. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: All right. Thank you. Good luck. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Thank you. My question related to the SG&A performance; we saw a similar comp in the 
fourth quarter and yet we were able – you were able to leverage expenses a lot better. Could you help us understand 
how that happened? Are we still at that 3% breakeven comp or are you now able to leverage on a – are you doing 
better, is that breakeven even lower? Thanks. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. On the first part of that question, 
there's always timing differences between quarters, so some of that came into play between the fourth quarter and the 
first quarter. We have been able to lower the breakeven point. We used to be slightly above three, now we're probably 
in between a 2 and a 3 on the breakeven point relative to G&A. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Perhaps walk us through that, what other changes were – how have you been able to do 
that? What areas and how sustainable is that? Thanks. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. We're constantly looking for areas to 
take out costs in the business. We have done work in productivity in the distribution centers. We've done work in 
productivity at a store level. We've also been very active in the indirect procurement areas as we source those things we 
need, non-merchandise type items we need in our business. So those programs have been pretty successful for us. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Evren Kopelman from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: Thanks, good morning guys. I wanted to ask, in April where there was an impact on your 
business in California and we've been hearing from some other retailers about pressure in May so far and especially in 
some of the Northern states. Can you talk a little bit about is weather impacting your business in May? I know you're 
more in the Southern markets. So in your markets, are you seeing any impact and what does your May guidance 
assume for weather for the month? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Evren, yes, we do think weather had an impact in April and then on May we actually don't 
comment mid-month in terms of May trends. 

<Q - Evren Kopelman>: Okay. If I could ask another question on the categories, Shoes has been very strong for you. 
Can you talk a little bit about what's driving that? Are you allocating more space? Are you buying from different 
vendors and thoughts on maybe using some of those strategies in the other categories? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: We've allocated a little more – a little more 
inventory to it. We're turning it extremely fast into some key driving trends there and also we've strengthened our 
merchant organization in Shoes. 

Operator 


Your next question comes from the line of Stacy Pak from SP Research. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Thanks. Just circling back one more time on April and I'm aware of the weather, but in California, I 
mean do you think the whole, because I think you did a negative two, right, in inflow; do you think the whole issue 
there was weather? Did you say anything different Southern versus Northern? Did you see anything different in 
non-weather related categories in California that month which give you confidence? 

And then on your guidance, just given what happened with the Memorial Day shift, what are you contemplating there 
for the July 4 shift? Do you expect there to be an impact? 

And then the last question is just on tickets, the slight increase you've seen in AUR, is that mix? What's driving that and 
are you seeing that in both businesses and just what are you seeing from the consumer in response to price? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Stacy, I'll take the first part of that. In terms of April in California, I would say there was 
nothing unique about California in April, the same drivers that we mentioned in the earlier remarks around weather and 
the timing of Easter, I think applies in California. 

I'll let John comment on the July 4 shift and let me just answer your third question before he does that. On ticket, the 
one point I'd make about ticket is the slight increase that we've seen in ticket this year should be set against the fact that 
we saw a decline in ticket last year. So I would just put that in that context. John, do you want to do July 4? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. So on the calendar shifts in the 
second quarter, Memorial Day, the fact that it's actually in June is slightly beneficial to us than May. When I say 
slightly, very slightly, probably less than a point impact in May and the 4th of July shift, its moved is pretty minimal as 
well, so although those two holidays are moving around, not a big impact in any one specific month to us. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: And then I would just add, as a 
non-promotional retailer, it has less of an effect. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: I guess then I thought that part of the issue on April was you felt that you might have misjudged the 
Memorial Day shift. That's not correct? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, it was Easter, the Easter shift. We may 
have misjudged the Easter shift on how much business moved from month to month, between March and April. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. And then just to follow up on the tickets, is it mix or is it actually price increasing? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No, it can move around, it's probably a mix 
of both. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: More inclined to say mix. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Black from Barclays Capital. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Hey, thanks and congrats on a very nice performance over the past few quarters. On the sales, retail 
does seem like we've hit a little air pocket here. And John, can you give us some clarity on product availability and is it 
consistent right now with what you would characterize as a move out of past recessions or do you think you're seeing a 
good healthy level of product availability given some weakness that we've seen elsewhere? 

And second, what is the confidence level on the average basket improvement and whether we've successfully passed 
the baton in that direction versus traffic? Thanks. 


<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Product availability, I would say availability 
has been pretty good. Actually, I'd say very good and as retailers have hit a bit of a bump, it's gotten better. And that's – 
we kind of expect the year to have decent availability. There was a sense of optimism both from manufactures and 
retailers about the year and that usually leads to more products being produced by manufacturers and also to some 
cancellations as we hit some bumps in the road, or as department stores hit bumps in the road. So we feel pretty good 
about what we've been seeing in product and pretty good about the future of product availability for this year. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Jeff, as it relates to your question regarding 
the traffic versus ticket versus AUR and your comment whether we've passed the baton or not, we're not sure about 
that. It's pretty uncertain out there still. The economy is tough to judge. What we're concerned with is making sure that 
we maintain that value differential when we put bargains in the stores. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Got it. Well, good job so far. Thanks, good luck. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro from Retail Tracker. Your line is open. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a great first quarter and a great string of quarters 
actually. I had one follow-up on the weather, because it seems to be the topic of conversation today. I was just 
wondering if you were still working with weather planners and if they helped at all in the first quarter or if you're not 
working with them at all? And then if you just touch back onto dd's and talk a little bit about some stand outs, 
category-wise, that might have surprised you or that you've added into mix or is it business as usual there? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: On weather, we're still working with 
Planalytics. And was there a second part of the weather question? 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Did it help you at all in the first quarter as we're talking about all the noise here? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Didn't hurt. I don't recall exactly what they 
were saying in the first quarter, okay, but overall we find them very useful. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Yeah, the rain coats in stock; great. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. But they have been very helpful. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Okay. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. And dd's has pretty much been 
business as usual, no new categories that we would discuss and the business is pretty much coming at us the way we 
expected and we've been seeing growing. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Excellent, great guys. Good luck for summer. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Clark from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 


<Q - Michelle Clark>: Good morning. First question on dd's, what number of stores do you think you need to hit in 
order to achieve scale such that your EBIT margin is in line with that of Ross Stores? And then I have a follow-up 
question. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Okay, sure. And it's actually, Michelle, I'll answer that with – I'll give you two answers. 
First of all, in terms of actually a positive profitability, I think we've mentioned dd's is already a positive, just to clarify 
that. In terms of seeing the same EBIT margin as Ross, frankly, that's tough, because Ross is a 1,000 store business. So 
I think as we do our financial projections, it's a few hundred stores before dd's is same EBIT margin as Ross, but that's 
a pretty high hurdle, yeah. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Okay. And then in terms of your full year EPS guidance, does that assume any further share 
repurchase activity beyond the first quarter? And then just as a follow up to that, if you take the mid-point of your full 
year EPS guidance for this year, it implies second half EPS is roughly flat year-over-year. So what's driving that 
conservative outlook? Thank you. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. Michelle, on the first question, the 
Board approved in January a $750 million share repurchase program. We plan to execute half of that this year. I think 
we expect 95 million during the first quarter so we'd have a ways to go. Our view is we'd spend about 375 million for 
the year pretty straight line over the period. 

You're correct on the second question in your assumption that we are projecting fairly flat comps in the second half and 
a fairly flat earnings growth. That's based on a 9% comp increase in the back half of last year and terrific earnings per 
share performance. So we're up against some pretty tough numbers. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Just go back to the second question, the 375 million that you plan to repurchase this year, is 
that embedded in your EPS guidance for the full year? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, it is. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine from Cowen & Company. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Good morning, guys. You've done a great job on merch margin including in Q1. When you 
lap those difficult comparisons in the back half, even though inventory should be down per square foot, is it still 
possible to pull out a few merchandise margin basis points or do you think we're going to hit the end of that? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I think we – our view is we'll continue 
to take inventories down and turn faster, so, Laura, we still believe there some – there is a bit more to get out of 
merchandise margin even in the back half 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is now open. 

<Q - David Mann>: Yes thank you, great job, guys. When you look out preliminarily to next year, do you think 
inventory per store can continue to decline? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, it might – it'll probably decline at a 
lower rate than we've been at, but I would expect it could still decline. 


<Q - David Mann>: Okay, and then -


<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I'm sorry. Remember we have, we put 
systems inclusive of micro merchandizing in that help us get better productivity out of our inventory, okay, by store, by 
class by store. 

<Q - David Mann>: Which is a good segue; I was curious if you could give us a little more update on where you are 
with micro merchandizing and whether you think you're getting some benefit there this past quarter? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Sure. So as you know, we completed the roll out of micro merchandizing in the second 
half of last year. So we've now had it running for about a season and a half; we're very happy with it. We've always 
thought it would take a couple of years for it to have a full impact but the early signs are that it's helping. Our 
performance has been so strong and there have been so many drivers of that performance, like the lower inventories, 
the economy, merchandise we have; and it's hard to separate out the impact of micro merchandizing, but I think it's 
been a benefit. 

<Q - David Mann>: And then one other question, in the first quarter a lot of data out there about increased tax refunds 
and other government stimuli, can you give a sense for especially the dd's business, do you feel like that gave you some 
abnormal benefit in the quarter that you may not be trying to plan for for the rest of the year? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's hard for us to tell, okay, if we got any 
specific benefit out of it. So it's not affecting how we plan. 

<Q - David Mann>: Great. Thank you. Good luck. 

Operator 

[Operator Instruction] Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. Your line 
is open. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Good morning, everyone. Can you talk a little bit about marketing; what's new or different there 
and the investment spend that's going on? And then also if you think about your inventory pack away versus at-once 
buys, is it different at dd's versus Ross and what the impact on the margin would be? Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: On the first question on marketing, Dana, there's nothing dramatically changed in terms of 
our marketing. I mean, our marketing, as you know, just reminds the customer to come in and we have great bargains. 
In terms of growth of marketing, each year as we add stores, we take up our marketing proportionately and every year 
that marketing is disproportionately in the back half of the year. So it's the same pattern this year. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: In terms of pack away and how we view 
pack away, I think that was the question, at dd's versus Ross, we view it exactly the same. We pack away the best 
bargains that we can find. If there are plenty there, we'll use pack away dollars for it. If, in fact, it's a lean period of 
time, we will carry less. So it's the same methodology. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Dave Weiner from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 

<Q - David Weiner>: Thanks and good morning. So a number of my questions have been asked so I'll just ask two 
quick ones here. On your long-term earnings growth plan, I think in the past you've given a 10 to 15% on average over 
time driven by a 2 to 3 comp. My first question is does that plan still hold and then secondly, long-term store potential 
still 500? I think you said 500, 500 plus with dd's. Does that still hold as well? Thanks. 


<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. On the long-term model, the model 
still holds. Our perspective hasn't changed around that. And relative to your second question on dd's, we still believe 
the store potential is around 500 for dd's. 

<Q - David Weiner>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you all for attending. Have a good day. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


