Q4 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
• John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
• Michael O'Sullivan 
• Gary Cribb 
Other Participants 

• Stacy Pak 
• Jeff Black 
• Paul Lejuez 
• Adrianne Shapira 
• Jeffrey Klinefelter 
• Kimberly Greenberger 
• Laura Champine 
• Richard Jaffe 
• David Mann 
• Patrick McKeever 
• Evrin Kopelman 
• Robert Samuels 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Dana Telsey 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. The 
call will begin with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, followed by 
a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. Joining me on our call today are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Michael O'Sullivan, President 
and Chief Operating Officer; Gary Cribb, Executive Vice President, Stores and Loss Prevention; John Call, Senior Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior Director, Investor Relations. 

We will begin today with a review of our fourth quarter and 2009 performance, followed by our outlook for 2010 and 
the longer term. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 

Before we start, I want to note that our comments in this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding 
expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current 
forecast of aspects of the company's future business. 


These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from management's current expectations. These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our 
fiscal 2008 Form 10-K, fiscal 2009 Form 10-Qs and fiscal 2009 and 2010 Form 8-Ks on file with the SEC. 

Earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended January 30, 2010 grew 53% to $1.16, up from $0.76 for the 13 weeks ended 
January 31, 2009. Net earnings for the quarter grew to a record $142.9 million, up 47% from $97.4 million in the 
prior-year period. For the 52 weeks ended January 30, 2010, earnings per share grew 52% to $3.54, up from $2.33 for 
the 52 weeks ended January 31, 2009. 

Net earnings for fiscal 2009 increased 45% to a record $442.8 million, up from $305.4 million in 2008. Fourth quarter 
sales increased 14% to $1.980 billion with comparable store sales up 10% over the prior year. For the full year, total 
sales rose 11% to $7.184 billion with same-store sales up 6% on top of a 2% gain in the prior year. 

Our better than expected sales for both the quarter and the year benefited from healthy traffic to our stores as an 
increasing number of shoppers were attracted to our great values. The best performing merchandise categories for both 
the quarter and the year were shoes, dresses and home, all posting double-digit gains in same-store sales for both 
periods. Geographic trends were broad based, with high single to low-double digit percentage same-store sales 
increases across all regions for the quarter and mid-to-high single digit gains for the year. 

The Northwest and Southwest regions were the best performing markets in the fourth quarter while the mid-Atlantic 
and the Southeast were the top regions for the year. California same-store sales rose 8% during the fourth quarter and 
6% for the full year. 

We are extremely pleased with our outstanding sales and earnings results. Our 52% gain in earnings per share in fiscal 
2009 was on top of a 23% increase in the prior year. Ross was one of the very few retailers to generate this level of 
robust growth in 2009. 

Our ability to execute our off-price strategy successfully throughout all areas of our company was the primary driver of 
our exceptional financial results. During one of the most challenging economic and retail environments, we not only 
generated much higher than planned revenues, but did so with record merchandise gross margins that drove 
double-digit operating profits as a percent of sales. 

Earnings before interest and taxes for the 2009 fourth quarter grew about 260 basis points to 11.7% of sales, up from 
9.1% in the prior year. This higher profit margin was mainly due to a 230 basis point reduction in cost of goods sold 
along with a 30 basis point decline in selling, general and administrative costs. 

For the 2009 fiscal year, operating margin increased about 250 basis points over the prior year to 10.1% of sales, also 
driven by a 230 basis point decline in cost of goods sold combined with a 20 basis point reduction in selling, general 
and administrative expenses. 

Key drivers of our improved profitability for both the fourth quarter and the year were significant growth in 
merchandize gross margin, lower shortage costs and leverage on operating expenses from the strong gains in 
same-store sales. John will provide some additional color on operating margin trends in a few minutes. 

On average, in-store inventories were down in the mid-teen percentage range throughout 2009 and ended the year down 
about 11%. Operating our business with much lower in-store inventories increases the percentage of fresh and exciting 
merchandize that our customers see when they shop our stores. By exceeding our sales targets with leaner inventories, 
we realized significantly faster turns in 2009, which resulted in much fewer markdowns. 

For 2010, we are planning further reductions of in-store inventories with average levels targeted down in the 
mid-to-high single digit percentage range compared to 2009. We believe our ongoing focus on tight inventory 
management will further accelerate inventory turns and maximize merchandize gross margins. 

Turning to our store expansion program, we added 56 new stores in 2009, including 52 Ross Dress for Less and four 
dd's DISCOUNTS locations. dd's DISCOUNTS' outstanding performance in 2009 continued in the fourth quarter with 


sales and profitability for both the quarter and the full year well ahead of our original expectations. In fact, the earnings 
impact or drag from dd's was relatively neutral in 2009 compared to a 35 basis point drag in 2008. We are pleased to 
report that on a pre-tax basis before interest cost and corporate overhead allocations, dd's DISCOUNTS was profitable 
for the first time in its history. This improvement was driven by both higher sales productivity and much higher gross 
margin. 

Like Ross, dd's is benefiting from our ability to deliver a faster flow of fresh and exciting product to our stores while 
operating on lower inventory levels. dd's strong gains in sales and profitability also reflect that its value focused 
merchandise offerings are resonating well with its customers. These results make us even more enthusiastic about dd's 
long-term prospects and our plans to accelerate its expansion in 2010 and beyond. 

Now let's talk about our financial condition. Our balance sheet remains very healthy with cash and short-term 
investments of $770 million at year-end. Our higher cash balances benefited primarily from much better than expected 
earnings as well as reduced working capital needs from operating our stores with lower inventories. 

Our consistently strong cash flows enables us to continue to enhance stockholder returns through both our dividend and 
stock repurchase programs. During 2009 after internally financing both our working capital and capital expenditure 
requirements, we used available cash to buy back $70 million of common stock in the fourth quarter and $300 million 
for the fiscal year. 

This allowed us to retire about 1.6 million and 7.4 million shares in the fourth quarter and fiscal-year periods, 
respectively. This completed the prior two-year, $600 million program announced in early 2008. 

In January 2010, our Board of Directors approved a new, two-year $750 million stock repurchase program along with a 
45% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.16 per common share. These actions reflect our confidence in our 
ongoing ability to generate healthy amounts of excess cash and our long-term commitment to enhancing stockholder 
returns. 

Now I'd like to review the 2010 targets we communicated with our January sales release in early February. We have a 
resilient and flexible off-price model that when we execute it well, enables us to deliver solid results in both favorable 
and challenging business cycles. 

That said, we are up against a year of exceptional growth in both sales and earnings in 2009. As a result, we have been 
prudent in setting our targets for 2010 with the hope that we can do better, as we recently did in February when sales 
were well above planned. 

For the 2010 fiscal year, we are forecasting same-store sales to increase one to 2% on top of a strong 6% gain in 2009 
and projecting earnings per share to increase seven to 12% to $3.80 to $3.95. 

It's important to remember that this projected earnings per share growth is on top of an outstanding 52% increase in 
2009, our largest annual increase in more than a decade. We are projecting the largest earnings per share increases in 
the first half of 2010. We face the easiest prior year sales and operating margin comparisons in the first quarter, 
providing us greater opportunity for improvement during this period. 

For the second quarter, earnings per share are forecast to grow in the low-double digit percentage range. We are up 
against our toughest sales and merchandise margin and shortage comparisons in the third and fourth quarters of 2010. 
In the second half of 2009, a 9% increase in comparable store sales and operating profits that grew over 300 basis 
points as a percent of sales drove a 67% increase in earnings per share. As a result, we are projecting flattish earnings 
per share in the second half versus the prior year. 

Now John will provide some additional details on our fourth quarter results and review the underlying operating 
statement assumptions that support our earnings per share targets for the first quarter and fiscal 2010. 

John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 


Thank you, Michael. As Michael discussed, our fourth quarter operating margin increased by 260 basis points over the 
prior year due to a 230 basis point reduction in cost of goods sold and a 30 basis point decline in selling, general and 
administrative costs as a percent of sales. 

The higher gross margin during the fourth quarter was driven mainly by better merchandise margin, which increased 
about 195 basis points. Lower shortage and freight added about 25 and 20 basis points, respectively to better margins. 
The remaining operating margin gains came from the leverage on occupancy, distribution, store and corporate 
expenses, from the robust 10% increase in same store sales, partially offset by higher incentive costs compared to the 
prior year. 

Now, I'll spend a few moments summarizing the underlying assumptions that support our 2010 fiscal year EPS targets. 
A more detailed version is available in the written transcript of our January sales release recorded comments in the 
Investors section of our corporate website. 

Our fiscal year 2010 earnings per share forecast of 380 to 395 is based on projected total sales growth of four to 5% 
over the prior year, driven by a four to 5% increase in the number of stores and a one to 2% increase in same store sales 
on top of a 6% gain in 2009. 

Our projected store growth includes about 35 Ross Dress For Less, and as Michael mentioned, 15 new dd's 
DISCOUNTS locations. The accelerated growth for dd's includes our anticipated entry into a few new states in the 
latter part of the year. 

We are forecasting operating margins of 10.1 to 10.3%, which represents flat incremental growth over 2009, when 
EBIT grew by about 250 basis points. Drivers include flattish merchandize gross margin in 2010, with flat to 
incremental improvement in expenses. 

Net interest expense is expected to be about eight to $9 million. Our tax rate is planned to be approximately 38 to 39% 
and we expect an approximate 4% decline in diluted shares to about 120 million. 

Our first quarter guidance that we issued at the beginning of February was for same store sales to increase two to 3% on 
top of a 3% increase last year and earnings per share could be in the range of 92 to $0.95, up from $0.72 in the first 
quarter of 2009. 

As Michael noted, these targets reflected that we face our easiest prior year sales and operating margin comparisons in 
the first quarter. We recently reported February sales that were well ahead of our expectations, with same store sales 
up11% versus our forecast for a four to 5% increase. 

While we are encouraged by the healthy start to the year, February is the smallest month of the quarter for both sales 
and earnings with the important March, April, Easter selling period still ahead of us. 

In addition, Easter is moving to the first Sunday of fiscal April 2010, from the second Sunday in fiscal April last year, 
shifting all of our pre Easter business into March. All day shifts like this are always very difficult to predict. As a result, 
earlier this month, we reiterated our guidance for same-store sales to be up three to 4% in March and flat to up 1% in 
April. 

Now I'll turn the call back to Michael for some closing comments. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, John. We continue to believe that the main reason for our exceptional performance in 2009 has been our 
ability to execute our strategies with unwavering focus and discipline throughout all areas of the company. This has 
enabled us to capitalize on our favorable position as a value retailer in the current economic and retail environment. 

By consistently stocking our stores with great bargains, operating our business on lower inventories to drive faster turns 
and fewer markdowns and strictly controlling expenses throughout the business, we have been able to deliver record 


sales and earnings results. 

Looking ahead, we believe that consumers increased focus on value will continue for the foreseeable future, which 
bodes well for our bargain-oriented merchandise strategy. We know that our ability to give our customers the best 
values possible on a wide array of name brand fashions for the family and the home is and always will be the key to our 
success. 

To ensure that we have plenty of access to enough quality name brand products to grow profitably in the future, we 
continue to make further investments in our merchandise organization. We currently have hundreds of merchants 
sourcing products every day from thousands of vendors. 

As previously mentioned, another key driver of our record results in 2009 was the significant gains we realized in 
merchandise gross margin. This improved profitability was not only from buying great products, but also from 
maintaining strict controls on merchandise inventories. 

We also believe there are additional opportunities to enhance revenues and gross margin over the longer term through 
micro merchandising, which was rolled out to all merchandise categories across all Ross locations in 2009. These tools 
consist of new systems and processes to help us more accurately plan, buy and allocate merchandise down to a local 
level. 

Building inventory plans from the bottom up ahead of each season and then trending sales and inventory levels against 
these plans as the season progresses is expected to strengthen our ability over time to get the right merchandise to the 
right store at the right time. 

Today, we operate a total of 1,000 Ross and dd's locations in just 27 states, giving us significant room to grow going 
forward. As we have previously noted, our planned unit growth of four to 5% for Ross and dd's combined in 2010 is 
projected to accelerate to about 7% in 2011 when we expect to enter new geographic markets for both chains. There 
remains plenty of expansion opportunity as we believe that Ross can have as many as 1,500 locations and as dd's 
DISCOUNTS can ultimately grow to approximately 500 stores. That would represent a doubling of our existing store 
base, an exciting prospect. 

Finally, while our 2009 operating margin is close to record levels, we believe that this current level of profitability is 
not only sustainable, but has some room for incremental improvement in 2010, as noted in our guidance. While our 
projected earnings per share range for 2010 reflects a slightly lower growth rate than we would normally forecast, we 
felt that this was appropriate based on the very strong 52% earnings per share gains we are up against from 2009. 
Again, our practice is to be somewhat cautious in our planning process, while constantly striving to meet our targets, as 
we have done over the past couple of years. 

Over the longer term, we believe that earnings per share growth of 10 to 15% is a realistic and very achievable goal. 
The formula remains unchanged; a combination of store growth, comparable store sales gains, flat to incremental 
improvement in operating margins, generating excess cash that can be used to fund our dividend and stock repurchase 
programs. 

In closing, I want to reiterate that we have a long history of delivering solid sales and earnings gains with very healthy 
cash flow and returns on equity and assets in all types of economic environments. We are confident that we can 
continue to do so in 2010 and beyond. 

At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Stacy Pak of SP Research. Your line is open. 


<Q - Stacy Pak>: A question. One, John. Can you just -- I don't think you told us what occupancy buying and 
incentive and distribution costs were in Q4. And then, I'm wondering just sort of how the margin components should 
play out in 2010. It sounded like you felt pretty comfortable about Q2. But the merchandise margin gain in Q2 has been 
pretty big for two years in a row. So just kind of wondering about that exclusive of strength. And then, with regard to 
shrink, I think, Kimberly asked last call how that plays out Q1, Q2, but how are you thinking about that Q3 and Q4? 
Thanks. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. So the first question related to the 
components of gross margin in the fourth quarter. As we mentioned in the prepared comments, merchandise margin 
increased by about 195 basis points, shrink was 25, freight was 20, occupancy levered by about 50, the DCs levered by 
about 15. Those gains were partially offset by incentive costs in the quarter, along with investments we made in the 
buying organization, which totaled about 75 basis points. 

So the second -


<Q - Stacy Pak>: On that point right there, John, is there something, because the occupancy leverage point looked 
lower or you were getting more occupancy leverage for each comp point in the first half and less in the second half? So 
is there something we should be aware of there? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: No, I don't believe so. There have been 
occasionally some reductions or some cancelled received from reduced occupancy percentages, and that does vary a bit 
by quarter. We don't see that playing out as much in 2010. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. And then, the merchandise margin and the shrink percent? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So the shrink, how that plays out for the 
year, so until we take our physical inventory, we're accruing at a rate probably around 25 basis points less than we did 
last year. That all trues up in the third quarter, depending on where that rate will come in. And then we'll go ahead and 
adjust the fourth quarter amount by whatever we think is appropriate. So for the first couple of quarters in 2010, we 
should expect about 25 basis points of benefit. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: And then, so in Q3, though, when you're up against the big number you got in Q3 '09, you would 
expect that to be flat or down? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Actually, assuming we got the accrual 
right, actually we'd be up against that of the 100 basis points or so of benefit we received in the fourth quarter, so it'd be 
actually down. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. And then just last thing, sorry, just the merchandise margin in Q2, how are you confident you 
can continue to drive that? I mean the inventory, I heard what you said about inventory and that's awesome. So is that 
what it is? Or because it looks like a tough compare to me in Q2, just on the merchandise margin exclusive of shrink? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, as we said in the prepared comments 
we do believe that the merchandise margins are sustainable, that's really driven by us managing inventory slightly 
intact in 2010, and take them down some more. And so believe that is sustainable. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Okay. Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Black of Barclays Capital. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Just a little bit about the recent performance in Women's, and dresses in particular, and really 
whether that squares with what we saw across 4Q as we started the quarter. And back to the margins lesson, what's the 
big lever on gross margin in Q2 of this year? Is it lower cost of goods and more on that front or is it better full price 


selling? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Jeff, could you repeat the first part of that 
question? 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Yeah, on the Women's category, dresses were double-digit and a strong driver in Q4. Has that 
continued in February at the start of the first quarter and are there margin implications. Too bad if the answer is no. 
Thanks. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Dresses had a very strong February and 
dresses really are the key driver of Easter business. So we'll see how dresses does coming out of Easter. But we feel 
very confident about the business in dresses. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: And, Jeff, I think the second part of your 
question had to do with what's really driving merchant margin. And from our perspective, it's inventory control, taking 
inventories down, increasing turns in the store that result in less markdowns. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: But, John, your turns are at six-ish. I mean, how much room is there around that level? Do you see 
those going to seven, eight? Any color on that? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Well think there is some more, we haven't 
topped it out, but we think there is a bit more. I can tell you we're taking inventories down high-single digits this year. 
And again back in '09, they were down kind of mid-doubles. So we're pretty confident about our ability to do that. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: And just a final tack-on on the dd's stores. Do you see any differences there on the inventory 
benefits you had at Ross? Is there an angle on that side? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: We've taken a similar approach at dd's. Early in 2009, we reduced the inventory levels at 
dd's as well. And so we'll accrue some benefit. So we're very happy with how dd's has been performing, both in terms 
of top line and in terms of margins. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: So great job thus far. Thanks, guys. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Jeff. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick of JPMorgan. Your line is open. 

<Q>: Paul on for Brian this morning. Two quick questions. You had commented about the dd's impact this year being 
flat versus the 35 bps loss last year. What's your outlook going into 2010 for dd's impact on the margin and would any 
-- go ahead. John, is there any benefit -- is the benefit coming from better gross margins or are you thinking improved 
leverage on -- from the productivity gains? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So the first question relative to what we 
think dd's will do in 2010, we're obviously pleased with the result this year. We see dd's breaking even to being slightly 
profitable in 2010. The gains in dd's actually were near what we had in Ross. Very, very good solid margin 
improvements and some leverage. So I'm excited. 

<Q>: All right. And the second question, just looking at the March comp guidance, even with the Easter shift benefit, 
it's -- the guidance is implying deceleration from February, one year, two year, three years, however you want to look 
at it. Could you just give some color on your thinking there? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So as we've looked at the quarter, looked at 
the year, obviously we came out of the box very strong in February. Our policy is really not to comment in any month 


on sales trends. And so we'll just leave it there right now. Clearly we want to get through the month and take a look at 
Easter and then revisit if we need to. 

<Q>: Thanks. Good luck. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez of Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Big picture question on expenses. Just looking back to the 2004 time period till today, sales are 
about 50% higher. The SG&A rate has held constant and maybe even a little bit higher. And I'm just wondering if 
longer term, you see the SG&A rates improving as you continue to grow your store base and sales. And maybe what's 
changing – and depending on your answer to that question, what would be changing over the next several years relative 
to the last several? Thanks. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I can comment on that, Paul. Yeah if you 
go back to '04, which we don't want to do, things were a little different then. I think as we look at the expense ratio 
going forward, there are constant initiatives in the company dealing with labor efficiency and the DC's in the stores, 
dealing with transportation optimization, import efficiency. We have initiatives around indirect procurement and we'll 
continue to make sure that the expense ratios are appropriate in the company. Having said that, we will also continue to 
invest in the merchandise organization, which we believe is obviously critical to what we're doing. 

Also in 2004, which I don't want to go back to, but we had no borrowings in '04. So that speaks to incentive comps that 
was -- that's impacting the ratios currently. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: John, not even to focus so much on '04, it just it seems like it's been a pretty steady rate over the 
past several years. And I guess I'm really wondering if there's a point over the next several where you see that rate 
coming down. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, I think, when we get dd's more 
scaled, that should help in those historic numbers that then exist. Also back then I don't know if we had option 
incentives. So there is a couple of other factors coming into that. 

<Q - Paul Lejuez>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Not to harp on the merchandise margin, but obviously impressive the 195. Could you give 
us a sense, is it more driven by fewer markdowns, obviously with the, what you've been doing on inventory turn and 
how you think about markup opportunity going forward? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: On the mark -- the result in merchant 
margin is just proportionally driven by markdowns, and relative to markups, if we look at 2010 and looked at how we'll 
plan our AURs, we're flattish in AURs in 2010. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Okay. And then just following up on that, we had heard in the third quarter ticket was down 
low singles, traffic was up low doubles. Could you give us a sense in the fourth quarter of what you saw on the ticket 
price, it sounds as if still traffic is the major driver, but are you seeing any sort of improvement on the tickets? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So in the fourth quarter, the trend 
continued, transactions were low double digit and the basket size, basket was down low singles. So we saw a 
continuing trend, that we saw in the third quarter. 


<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Okay. And then just lastly on dd's, in terms of obviously a nice improvement in terms of 
neutral to earnings. In the guidance of 2010, could you give us a sense of what you're expecting in the contribution 
from dd's? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: It's basically flattish. 

<Q - Adrianne Shapira>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question is from the line of Jeff Klinefelter of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Yes. Thank you. Just a couple of quick questions. One for Michael. In terms of the 
competitive dynamic for 2010, I mean clearly you guys were a stand out on performer in '09 and it was a very difficult 
and volatile market in terms of pricing. What do you see in 2010 is like, there is going to be a risk out there to not over 
achieving, is it going back to an irrational pricing environment, are you seeing any inventory build that concern you 
with other competitors. What's your view of the environment? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, the environment from a promotional 
aspect, people have inventory more under control. They continue to run tight inventories and that bodes well as a 
pricing comparison with the off-price center. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Okay. So at this point, you don't see anything that concerns you on the competitive front? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Okay. In terms of just the inventory, just a great job in managing that. I know you guys 
have been continuing to drop it without any sort of negative impact on sales. Are you -- is this the micro merchandising 
system's leverage point? Have you, how far along on the continuum are you of realizing the benefits of that system? Or 
is this just simply just running the business more efficiently in terms of supply chain at this point? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: It's a hard question to answer, Jeff. We -- as you know, we've had micro merchandising up 
and running across the business since the middle of 2009. We're very happy that it appears to be working well. But it's 
too early to tell what kind of an impact it's having on the business. Frankly, there is so many other things that have gone 
on in the last six months in terms of the inventory cuts we've made, the sales performance we've had, that it's very hard 
to isolate the impact of micro merchandising. Our own internal view has always been that it would take a while before 
we see the benefits -- the true benefits of micro merchandising. But it could be helping. It's just very hard for us to 
isolate that right now. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: First, I would just add that the inventory -we've 
been able to accomplish it, micro merchandising is helping. We've got efficiencies in our supply chain that 
helped us be able to do this and our view that we were carrying too much inventory and also our systems that we put in 
place in that year we don't like to talk about, in '04, has helped us isolate how we do carry less inventory. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Very good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Kimberly Greenberger of Citi. Your line is open. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: I was hoping you could give us the longer-term view of entering new markets. 
Historically when you've entered a new market, what kind of sales productivity do you typically realize? Is -- have you 
noticed that it's an operating margin enhancer or is there some pressure associated with the initial investment into 
markets? If you could just reflect on historically how it's gone for you and help us understand how that might look in 


2011, that would be great. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Kimberly, its Michael O'Sullivan. The answer is that over the years, we've entered a lot of 
new markets, so there has been quite a variety of experience. There's some markets we've entered where we've been 
pretty successful from the starting block. And then other markets where it's taken a bit longer. With the markets that 
we're looking at in 2011, first of all, they won't really have an impact on 2011 because there'll be relatively few stores, 
few markets. And obviously we're going to make sure we do as much preparation as possible to make sure that those 
are the kind of markets where we have as little drag possible in the first year or two. So it's a difficult question to 
answer because we've had some markets where we've been successful from the get go and somewhere it's taken longer. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: So Michael, in the variety of experiences, have you had an opportunity to look at the 
new store productivity? What would be like the best-case scenario with that? 100% of the sales productivity or is that 
more like 80? And then, just maybe if you could help us bracket right the optimistic scenario versus the more 
conservative scenario, that would be really helpful. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Yes, how to put numbers on it, I would say that you have to assume it will be less than 
100% and certainly, we would assume it would be less than 100%. But -- and what we're trying to focus on, Kimberly, 
is actually not so much the first year or two, it's just -- it's more like three to five years out. What we're trying to get to 
at that point is a much stronger sales performance. I wish I could really put a bracket around it. But certainly, I think it 
will be unrealistic to expect that new stores in new markets in the first year or two are going to do as well as existing 
markets. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Laura Champine of Cowen & Company. Your line is open. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Good morning, guys. My question is on SG&A expense. To keep it flat or maybe get a little 
bit of leverage you'll need less dollar growth in the year. Is that mostly as you lap the increase in incentive 
compensation in Q4, or are there other ways that you plan to control SG&A expense a little tighter in 2010? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So as I mentioned, there are some 
initiatives we have in place where we think we could get some traction in SG&A. And you're absolutely correct relative 
to incentive costs, we do lap a higher incentive cost that will help us leverage G&A. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: Could you give us a little more color on what those initiatives are as you try to help control 
SG&A expense in 2010? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah those that I mentioned, we're 
constantly looking for labor efficiencies and the DC's in stores. There's initiatives around indirect procurement. There is 
initiatives around supply chain and efficiencies along the import line. There is work we're doing around transportation 
as well. So in a lot of aspects of the business, we keep working at the expense side of the business. 

<Q - Laura Champine>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Richard Jaffe of Stifel. Your line is open. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Just a quick question on dd's DISCOUNTS. Obviously moving in the right direction. Are you 
seeing a change there that you could talk about either average ticket or price or merchandise mix, [inaudible] dd's 
DISCOUNTS. And then more broadly, if you could comment about the sourcing opportunity to get, even in this much 
tougher economic environment obviously -



<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Are you on a cell phone because it sounds like you're under water. It's hard for us to... 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Let me... is that any better? Hello? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: No. Try again. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: I'll try and speak up because that's about all I can manage at the time. Can you hear me? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Thank you. Just wondering about dd's DISCOUNTS and what might have changed there in 
terms of sourcing. Is the micro merchandising having any benefit there? And then if you can comment just broadly on 
the supply side? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Richard, I think you may need to try and call back in. Or you can talk to our Investor 
Relations people directly after the call if you're not able to call back. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of David Mann of Johnson Rice. Your line is open. 

<Q - David Mann>: Yes. Thank you. I assume you can hear me okay, right? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes we can. 

<Q - David Mann>: Very good. It sounds like you're at an inflection point now with dd's. And if I remember correctly, 
you were talking about getting to this breakeven level at a much higher number of stores. So can you talk a little bit 
now as you go forward as you're accelerating store growth there how the store operating metrics of dd's compare to a 
Ross store? Are the returns close to being comparable now? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Okay. David, I'll take that. So yeah, as we say, we over the last couple of years, we've kept 
dd's at around about 50 stores. And we've been doing some things to try and adjust and improve the performance of the 
business. And what we see we like, we're very happy with how dd's has performed over the past 18, 24 months. And 
that's what has caused us to expand the business this year. So as Michael mentioned in his remarks, we'll be adding 
about 15 stores this year on the base of 50 and you can assume we'll continue to grow the business over time. 

So obviously, underlying all that is quite a lot of financial analysis that we've done on the business that leads us to think 
that the returns are very attractive. And there are certainly aspects of the financial model that is different from Ross. We 
talked about those in the past. But net-net in terms of overall return, a dd's store at maturity actually throws off about a 
similar return to a Ross store. So we're pretty happy with dd's from that comparison point of view. 

<Q - David Mann>: And then, one other question in terms of your attitude on Packaway, should we expect that the 
Packaway percentages may change at all, sort of on an annual basis, as micro merchandising as you continue to take 
down inventory per store? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, the real driver of how Packaway will 
move or not will be the quality of what's out there not based on micro merchandise. 

<Q - David Mann>: Very good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question is from the line of Patrick McKeever of MKM Partners. Your line is open. 


<Q - Patrick McKeever>: Just looking at the 200 plus basis point increase in gross margin for the year, how much of 
that increase do you think was related to the overall weak macro environment, the weak retail environment and 
department stores or other retailers either shutting down or pushing inventories back to the vendors? And I ask that 
because I mean, it's a common bearish argument that's out there right now. That much of the gross margin improvement 
last year was environmental, so to speak. So I was just wondering if you'd respond to that. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Patrick, I think it's a great question. We certainly try to break it apart. Understand I don't 
think we really know the answer because the external, the impact of external factors versus things that we did 
internally. One thing that we can anchor on, which I think is very important is the industry reductions we made. We can 
link those directly to markdown reductions and we know that markdown reductions were the biggest single driver of 
gross margin through the past year. 

So as we look forward to 2010, that's why as Michael and John made a comment about additional inventory reductions 
we're planning to take this year. So we certainly think at least a healthy chunk of the improvement was driven by 
actions that we took. [inaudible]. 

<Q - Patrick McKeever>: Okay. And then, my second question is on the buying organization. You made some 
comments that there were some incremental expenses there. Just wondering if you could talk about some of the 
changes or key additions, or just changes I guess that you've made in your buying organization over the past few 
quarters and how you think that might play out in 2010. I mean, my understanding is that you've made some significant 
investments in new people and so forth. So I was just wondering if you could talk about that? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we did in late last year, we did 
promote several people. We've added more senior management in merchandising. We've also added more divisional 
merchandise managers and buyers and actually and below buyers. So we've been building the organization in 
anticipation of our needs for greater market coverage in a competitive environment, in an environment that -- well, in 
our business, that we're essentially built on vendor relationships the more people we have covering the markets, 
spending more time with resources, we think it's a good thing for our business. So basically what we've done is we've 
continued to split our businesses tighter, into smaller and smaller segments. So people are responsible for smaller and 
smaller pyramids, so they can focus more on the business as well as vendor relationships. 

This additional splitting of the business helps us manage our inventory tighter in addition to having greater market 
coverage and we've also added more people in our planning area that match up to the merchant head count. So basically 
we continue to split and split our businesses and then we continue to see a pay off from it. 

<Q - Patrick McKeever>: Thank you, Michael. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Evrin Kopelman from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 

<Q - Evrin Kopelman>: Thank you. Good morning. Question about the home category. Correct me if I'm wrong but it 
seems like there is an acceleration over the past several months, your comps are at around 20% or so. Can you talk 
about what you think is driving that, how much longer we can see that going forward and also remind us what percent 
of your sales are in the home category. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. The home businesses in our -- it's in 
the low 20% range of our mix and the home business has accelerated. It accelerated in the back half of last year and it 
continued certainly into February. And I would say that what's driving it is we actually did add a lot of merchants there. 
We did segment our businesses tighter. We also have, from a competitive point of view, some retailers have exited the 
market. And I think also environmentally people are spending more time at home and less time out. And they spend a 
little more money on home product when that happens. So I think those are the reasons. 


<Q - Evrin Kopelman>: Okay. And then on the regions, the mid-Atlantic and the Southeast, just now that they've 
outperformed I believe they've been closing the gap towards the average for the chain in terms of sales productivity. 
Can you talk about how much they've closed the gap, maybe how much below they are if they still are, on the corporate 
average? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: You're right. Both mid-Atlantic and Southeast over the past 12 to 24 months have been 
performing very well. And we're very happy with how they've done. What I focus on more than sales productivity is 
actually their contribution. And actually from a contribution point of view, they're actually right in the pack in terms of 
contribution level. And that's certainly is an improvement over the last few years. 

<Q - Evrin Kopelman>: Okay, great. And if I can ask you one more. Last year, I remember you talked about tax 
refunds being higher and as a driver of your business at this time of last year. What have you seen this year for tax 
refunds, I guess, year-over-year? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, we believe as we looked at an early 
refunds in terms what drivers of our business, clearly there are some early refund activity this year, but really very, very 
difficult to quantify at this point. 

<Q - Evrin Kopelman>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Robert Samuels of Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 

<Q - Robert Samuels>: Thanks. Good morning. Just quickly, you guys have done a great job on your inventory turns 
over the last couple of years. And what I would just like to know is how often are you now shipping to the stores? And 
with gas prices up rather significantly year-over-year, what sort of impact, if any, could this potentially have, not only 
on margins but also for your customer? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: In terms of – there were three, I think there were three questions kind of embedded in there 

– the frequency of delivery to stores, we deliver to stores every day, barring weekends. So every weekday. And that's 
part of our model to make sure that we have fresh merchandise for our customers. 
Secondly, the impact of the freight prices on our own business, in terms of shipping cost, clearly there were some 
freight expense and we built that into our budget and our guidance for the year, assuming that fuel prices go up this 
year. We do have assumptions in terms in that budget. 

And then thirdly I think your question was about on the impact of fuel prices on our customers, which is very hard for 
us to read. There's so many things affecting our customers. So, it's very hard for us to know how high fuel prices will 
impact them, whether it will drive them more to our products or cause them to cut back. It's hard for us to know the 
impact of that. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Any other question? 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro of the Retail Tracker. Your line is open. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Yes, congratulations on a great quarter and a fantastic year. Could you just talk a little bit – and 
I never want to go back to 2004 by the way, ever, ever, ever. And I'm sure Katie feels the same way. Richard , you 
mentioned, you talked, or was it Michael, one of you guys talked a little bit about the new markets for dd's and Ross. 
And I think you mentioned that there weren't many new markets. But if you could just remind us if there are new 
markets or more recent markets that you are opening in this year. And when you think about dd's, could you just talk a 
little bit about the ideal adjacencies and the kind of centers that you're opening in? And are you still seeing the 


opportunities in those centers the way you saw several years ago? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Sorry, Marni, could you just repeat the first part of that? I got lost on the second. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: I think you mentioned that you weren't opening in any new markets this year, but I was curious 
if you're opening in any what I would still call newer markets that you have a few stores, but aren't really mature for the 
two brands? And then just again about the adjacencies for dd's and if you're still seeing the same kinds of deals? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Okay, I'll take the first one and then Gary can respond on the second. On the new markets 
we're entering, so for dd's this year, we will be entering a couple of new markets. For Ross, this year we'll just be in 
existing markets, but I think it's been announced previously, our intent in 2011 is to begin to enter additional new 
markets for Ross in that year. 

<A - Gary Cribb>: As it relates to dd's adjacencies, we continue to look for more urban locations for dd's. Those 
locations tend to be in older centers that require us to do some work on them. But we found that the identity is 
appropriate for the dd's business model. And we continue to see those opportunities in the markets that we're operating 
in and the new markets that we're going to go into. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Is there a demographic that's ideal for dd's or has it become a little bit more broad based? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Yes, there is. And actually that's one of the things that we did a lot of research on a couple 
of years ago, and our understanding of the ideal demographics of the dd's. And we do have real estate profiles that sort 
of lays out the ideal demographic. And that's what we're executing against. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Excellent. Great, guys. And good luck with the next couple of weeks with Easter. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Dana Telsey of TAG. Your line is open. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Good afternoon, everyone. Can you just run through the CapEx breakdown and how that will be 
split this year? And then also in terms of micro merchandising, which now seems you're getting the benefits of, what's 
the next systems initiative that we should look towards> What's the cost and what do you see as the benefit from it? 
Thank you. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer>: So, Dana, I'll take CapEx. So this year, we're 
planning around 215 million. The breakdown is about 80 million in new stores. We're investing a bit more on new 
stores as we have to take the ownership for the construction, the build out, of stores as the credit markets have frozen a 
lot for new commercial development. We're going to invest about 65 million in existing stores, which include some 
touch-up work, some refresh, some maintenance work. And DC is about 40 million. And about 30 million in G&A and 
other IT areas. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: And then, Dana, your question on what's next after micro merchandizing, I guess I would 
say a couple of things, but first of all I think we have a little bit of time there where we could enhance, sort of monitor 
and enhance the micro merchandizing system that we've put in. So I think there is a little bit of work there. I think there 
is some opportunities that we'll find as we do that. 

In terms of next systems, there are certainly other things we're looking at and there are even some items that we're 
starting to roll forward on, but nothing of the same order of magnitude as micro merchandizing, at least not at this 
point. 


<Q - Dana Telsey>: And then just anything with dd's new markets? How many – as you think about the markets you're 
currently in versus the new markets, what do you see as the balance in terms of new store openings? Should be more 
new markets and should be new regions also? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: The balance for dd's certainly this year will be more towards existing markets rather than 
its new markets. So new markets will be a piece of it, but it won't dominate. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Thank you. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Balmuth, I'll turn the call back over to you. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you all for attending. Have a good day. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


