Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Michelle Clark 
• Richard Jaffe 
• Michael O'Sullivan 
• Kimberly Greenberger 
• Marni Shapiro 
• Stacy Pak 
• Brian Tunick 
• Jeff Black 
• Jeffrey Klinefelter 
• Gary Giblen 
• Dana Telsey 
• Patrick McKeever 
• Rob Wilson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. Welcome to the Ross Stores First Quarter 2009 Earnings Release Conference Call. The call will begin 
with prepared comments by Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a 
question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded for playback purposes. 

At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Balmuth. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. Also on our call are Norman Ferber, Chairman of the Board; Gary 
Cribb, Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer; Michael O'Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief 
Administrative Officer; John Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Bobbi Chaville, Senior 
Director of Investor Relations. 

We'll begin with a brief review of our first quarter performance followed by our outlook for the second quarter and the 
balance of 2009. Afterwards, we'll be happy to respond to any questions you may have. 

Before we begin, I want to note that our comments on this call will contain forward-looking statements regarding 
expectations about future growth and financial results and other matters that are based on management's current 
forecast of aspects of the company's future business. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results or current expectations. 
These risk factors are detailed in today's press release and our fiscal 2008 Form 10-K and 2009 Form 8-Ks on file with 


the SEC. 

Today we reported that earnings per share for the 13 weeks ended May 2, 2009 grew 20% to $0.72 from $0.60 per 
share for the 13 weeks ended May 3, 2008. As noted in today's press release, our first quarter 2008 results included a 
real estate settlement that added income equivalent to about $0.02 per share during the period. 

Net earnings for the current year quarter grew to a record $91.4 million up from $79.5 million in the prior-year period. 
Sales for the 13 weeks ended May 2, 2009 increased 9% to $1.692 billion with comparable store sales up a solid 3% on 
top of a 3% gain in the prior year. 

We are very pleased with our sales and earnings results in the first quarter, which were well ahead of our plan. This 
performance was especially noteworthy considering that it was achieved in one of the most challenging economic and 
retail environments on record. Our business benefited mainly from our ability to offer customers fresh and exciting 
name brand bargains as we continue to take advantage of the substantial amount of closeout opportunities in the 
marketplace. 

Dresses and Shoes were the top performing merchandise categories with double-digit and high single-digit same-store 
sales gains respectively, while the Mid-Atlantic was the strongest region with comparable store sales up in the low 
double-digits. California same-store sales increased 4% in the quarter. 

Operating margin grew about 75 basis points to 8.9%, primarily driven by a 90 basis point improvement in gross 
margin. Partially offsetting this gain was a 15 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative cost versus the 
prior year. Last year benefited by about 30 basis points from income related to the previously mentioned real estate 
settlement. 

Our focus on delivering compelling bargains not only drove higher sales in the quarter, but also healthier margins on 
those revenues. Profit margins also benefited from our ongoing strategy of operating our business on lower inventories, 
which drove faster turns that resulted in lower markdowns. John Call will provide some additional details on operating 
margin trends in a few minutes. 

As we ended the first quarter, total consolidated inventories were down 11% with average selling store inventories 
down about 13%. With faster turns, clearance inventories at the end of April were also down considerably from the 
prior year, which we believe should bode well for merchandise margin in the second quarter. Packaway was about 34% 
of total inventories compared to 36% at the end of last year's first quarter. 

Now I'd like to update you on dd's DISCOUNTS. As we have noted on prior calls, we have been working to strengthen 
the performance of dd's. Again we believe we have an improved understanding today of this customer and have fine 
tuned our merchandise offerings and real estate strategy to better meet the wants and needs of this consumer. We are 
very encouraged with the progress we are seeing at dd's. Improved sales trends that began in the latter part of last year's 
third quarter continued through the important holiday season and have accelerated even further during the first quarter 
of this year. 

We're also making progress with dd's profitability. The earnings drag of about 35 basis points in 2008 is now forecast 
to be 20 basis points or less in 2009, driven by a combination of higher sales productivity with healthier gross margins. 
Going forward we will continue to strengthen our assortments with attractive and compelling values that appeal to this 
budget conscious shopper. These measures are expected to drive further improvement in dd's sales and profitability and 
we are optimistic about the long-term growth prospects of this young chain. 

Now let's talk about our financial condition. We are pleased to report that both our balance sheet and cash flows remain 
healthy. We ended the quarter with $460 million of cash and short-term investments. Our cash position is benefiting 
from reduced working capital needs as we operate the business on lower inventories. 

During the first three months of 2009, we repurchased 2.2 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase 
price of $77 million. We remain on track to complete the remaining $223 million authorization by the end of the fiscal 
year. 


Now our CFO, John Call, will provide some additional color on our first quarter results and details on our guidance for 
the second quarter. 

John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Michael. As discussed, operating margin improved by about 75 basis points in the quarter driven by a 90 
basis point increase in gross margin partially offset by a 15 basis point increase in selling, general and administrative 
costs. Merchandise margin increased about 65 basis points while freight declined by a similar amount. Currently, 
freight costs are benefiting mainly from lower oil prices and improved transportation rates compared to last year. We 
also realized about 20 basis points of leverage on occupancy costs. Partially offsetting these improvements was a 55 
basis point increase in buying and incentive costs. In addition, distribution expenses as a percent of sales were up 
slightly, about five basis points over the prior year. 

Higher selling, general and administrative costs as a percent of sales were mainly due to the prior-year comparison, 
which included a 30 basis point benefit from income related to the previously mentioned real estate settlement. As a 
result, excluding this income benefit in 2008 all other expenses as a percent of sales levered by about 15 basis points. 
Net interest expense of $1.7 million in the quarter was mainly due to much lower interest rates on our cash balances 
versus the prior year. Finally, our buyback program drove a 5% reduction in shares outstanding. 

Let's turn now to our second quarter guidance for the 13 weeks ending August 1, 2009. While the external environment 
remains challenging based on year-to-date results that have been well ahead of our expectations, we are raising our 
sales and earnings outlook for the second quarter and the back half of 2009. For the second quarter ending August 1, 
2009, we now are forecasting same-store sales to be flat-to-down 1% compared to our prior guidance for a 
mid-single-digit percentage decline. This compares to the strong 6% same-store sales gain in the 2008 second quarter, 
which we believe benefited significantly from the tax rebate checks. 

Second quarter 2009 earnings per share are forecast to be in the range of 0.60 to $0.63, up from $0.54 in last year's 
second quarter. Our second quarter EPS guidance is based on the following assumptions. Total sales are expected to 
grow about three to 4% driven by a combination of new store growth and as mentioned same-store sales that are 
flat-to-down 1%. We are forecasting about 18 new stores to open during the period including 17 Ross Dress for Less 
and one dd's DISCOUNTS. 

By month we are planning comparable store sales in May to be up two to 3% benefiting in part from favorable weather 
trends. This forecast compares to a 7% gain in May of 2008. With weather expected to become unfavorable in many 
markets in June, we are projecting same-store sales in that month to decline two to 3% compared to a strong 8% 
increase in the prior year. 

Clearance inventories in July are expected to be down significantly from last year and there is a shift in the [inaudible] 
back-to-school shopping holidays from July into August in several states. As a result, we are targeting July 6 
same-store sales to be down one to 2% compared to a 4% gain in the prior-year. 

Operating margin for the second quarter is expected to increase about 40 to 65 basis points from 7.1% last year. Net 
interest expense for the second quarter is planned to be approximately $1.5 million. And our tax rate is expected to be 
about 39%. We also estimate weighted average diluted shares outstanding of about 126 million. 

Now I'll turn the call back to Michael. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, John. Again while the economic and retail climate remains difficult, our much better-than-expected results 
year-to-date reflect that consumers are continuing to respond very favorably to the compelling values we offer. As a 
result, in addition to boosting our second quarter guidance we are raising our targets for the second half of 2009. 
Same-store sales that were previously projected to be relatively flat to the prior year are now planned to grow two to 


3% in the second half of 2009 on top of a 1% decline in the same period last year. 

Based on these updated sales targets we now are projecting earnings per share for the fiscal year ending January 30, 
2010 to be in the range of $2.62 to $2.72. This compares to our initial fiscal 2009 guidance of $2.25 to $2.45 and to 
earnings per share of $2.33 in fiscal 2008. 

To sum up, we are especially pleased with our performance in the first quarter. Delivering these outstanding results in 
the midst of the current recession not only reflects the ongoing resilience of our off price model, but also that we are 
executing our strategies extremely well. Certainly the off-price sector is well positioned in today's environment. 

More than ever consumers are looking for ways to save money and are attracted to the great values we offer at Ross 
and dd's DISCOUNTS. As I noted earlier, we are meeting that increased demand with assortments that feature a sizable 
amount of compelling name brand bargains as our buyers take advantage of the significant amount of closeout 
opportunities in the marketplace. 

While supply of desirable product is very plentiful today, we have never had a problem acquiring enough quality name 
brand bargains to drive our business. Ensuring access to a wide array of brands at great prices is always our top priority 
and is reflected in the ongoing investments in our merchandise organization. Today, we have hundreds of Ross and dd's 
merchant combined sourcing product from several thousand manufacturers and vendors. 

In addition, because our merchants can buy even closer to need than full price retailers, we can be more defensive and 
operate our stores with leaner inventory levels in all types of business conditions. This in turn increases our open to buy 
capacity and allows us to get more fresh and exciting merchandise in front of the customer. All of this enhances our top 
line growth while promoting more rapid inventory turns, which drive lower markdowns. 

Looking ahead, we believe that the turmoil in the retail world today will remain an opportunity for us as we expect 
consumers to continue to seek out bargains at value retailers like ourselves. This shift in shopping behavior is enabling 
us to gain new customers whom we hopefully will keep as the economy improves. 

Finally, we remain very focused on the efficient execution of our strategies, which we believe is always the key to 
maximizing our prospects for sales and earnings growth in any type of economic or retail climate. 

At this point, we'd like to open up the call and respond to any questions you may have. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Michelle Clark from Morgan Stanley. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Good morning. Thank you. First question, if you could provide for us the comp metrics in the 
quarter in terms of both number of transactions and average ticket? And then second, if you can update us on what 
comp you need to leverage those SG&A and occupancy and what the sensitivity is for every 1% change in comp? 
Thank you. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Michelle. This is John. On your first 
question, actually our transaction count was up mid-single-digits. As we reported, we had a three comp so the basket or 
the amounts that customers are spending per transaction was down to offset that to come in to a three comp. On your 
second question around sensitivity on break-even, typically we break-even around a 3% comp for both SG&A and 
occupancy. So that's what happened. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: And the sensitivity around that, John? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: In terms of what happens at one point comp 
up or down? 


<Q - Michelle Clark>: Yeah, that's right. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I mean, it's probably 10, 20 basis points, in 
that range. 

<Q - Michelle Clark>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Richard Jaffe from Stifel Nicolaus. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Good morning. We say Stifel. Thank you. Great quarter, guys, and really taking advantage of a 
terrific environment, particularly the rapid acceleration of the inventory turn. We've seen the improvement in 
Mid-Atlantic, it's gratifying. I'm wondering has the Mid-Atlantic state stores caught up to the chain average or are they 
at this point ahead given the pullback in California? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Richard, this is Michael O'Sullivan. The Mid-Atlantic stores have, as you stated, 
performed well this year. They actually performed well last year. They're still below the chain average as you'd expect 
given our strength in California. So actually they're still below the chain average. 

<Q - Richard Jaffe>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger from Citigroup. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Great, thank you. Good morning. And I'll add my congratulations as well. John, I was 
hoping you could comment on the second quarter as you look out? It looks like you sort of accelerated some incentive 
compensation last year into the second quarter. Do you think even on the flat-to-negative 1% comp you might be able 
to leverage SG&A in the second quarter? And then just a question for Michael. Going into the second half of the year, 
do you continue to see an opportunity to buy closer and closer to need and therefore we should continue to see 
inventory per square foot declines and faster turns even as we start to anniversary some of the very, very big declines? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, Kimberly, this is John. On the 
flat-to-down one in the second quarter, what I would suspect is continuing accretion in our margin, gross margin rate 
similar to what we've experienced in the first quarter. But it's pretty tough to lever G&A in the second quarter on that 
comp. So I'd expect increased gross margin offset by some deleverage in G&A. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's Michael. I expect to run, we 
expect to run lower inventories and buy close to the need throughout the fall season. 

<Q - Kimberly Greenberger>: Okay. Thanks. Good luck. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Marni Shapiro from the Retailer Tracker. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Hey, guys, congratulations on a great quarter. I was curious if there were any segments within 
the store that you've been significantly flexing up or flexing down? And what was some of the bright spots at dd's that 
have really seen traction that are making you more confident here? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Flexing the store meaning 
businesses we're investing in, Marni? 


<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Yeah, Men's not doing so well, we're taking it down, but Kids really killing it so we're taking it 
up, things like that. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: The strength in the store has 
really been dresses and shoes as we've said, and so we continue to fund those. And we are managing the more difficult 
businesses down to one up Men's is certainly that way. And although total Ladies is doing fine. It's driven by dresses. 
So the sportswear elements, we're managing them very tightly. And the second question was? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: I think it was about dd's. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: dd's. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Oh, Marni, I think the 
improvement at dd's has been pretty broad based across businesses, so all business areas [inaudible] have done well. 

<Q - Marni Shapiro>: Oh, that's great. Congratulations, guys. Good luck with summer. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Stacy Pak from SP Research. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Hi, thanks, guys. Excellent results. I guess first question on May, just wondering what's driving the 
comp strength? Is it in markets where weather has been great? And are you continuing to you see the very strong 
traffic? And in that vein, can you talk about where you think the new customers are coming from, i.e. what segment of 
the store? And can you also address the SG&A dollars for the back half? And would you expect inventories to be down 
double-digit again? Thanks. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, Stacy, what was the first part 
of that question again? 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Just on May. I mean the comp guidance that you're giving, where's the upside coming from? And 
maybe, John, you can also talk about, the run rate now that it looks like it's improved nicely from even Q1 and yet your 
guidance looks conservative again for the back half, so. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I'll take the May one. We really 
wouldn't comment on components of our business mid-month. So to -- relative to the back half, Stacy, we took a look 
at it, took a look at the year, looked at where we were running versus our original plan in the first quarter, looked at 
what we thought second quarter would do. And the back half, it didn't seem reasonable to keep the back half flat, so we 
took that out. We think it still could be conservative but we'll see the closer we get. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: And I think there was another question in the middle there about where our customers are 
coming from. And as we look at that issue, we know that our customers are able to shop everywhere. They're able to 
shop at a lot of competitive retailers. And we... 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: I guess -


<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: ...we're drawing broadly from those retailers. Our customers are looking for value and 
that's what they're coming to Ross for. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: I guess what I'm wondering though is, is it a younger customer, is it a junior customer? Do you have 
a sense on that? And the other last part of the question was also, John, SG&A dollars, can you address that in the back 
half? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: On the customer segments, we have looked at different demographic cuts in terms of how 
stores in different income areas are doing, different ethnic areas are doing, different demographics cuts basically. And 


the answer, Stacy is there's no set pattern. Our business has been strong across different demographics. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Thanks. 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: Stacy, as it relates to the back half, a couple 
of things. We will begin to anniversary a couple of years of inventory declines, so we think gross margins were up 
against tougher comparisons from a gross margin standpoint. Additionally, from a freight standpoint, oil prices were 
much higher in the first half last year and then began to moderate in the second half. And so we believe in the back half 
we don't have the opportunity we have in the first half relative to margin accretion. And relative to the split between 
margin and G&A, at this point in time we're not going to split those out. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: This is Michael. Relative to your 
inventory question for the back half of the year, we would expect our inventories to be down very high singles or low 
doubles. 

<Q - Stacy Pak>: Right. Okay, thanks a lot, guys. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Brian Tunick from JPMorgan. 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: Hi, congrats as well. I guess two questions for you guys. So it looks like the EBIT margins here 
are on track based on your guidance to be the highest in six years. So I think if we take a look sort of at the longer term 
here, should it be the gross margin or the SG&A that you think in the longer term will be the bigger drivers? And then 
the second question is on dd's, when do you think we can get some color here on potential 2010 store openings? And 
what are you seeing on some big box real estate opportunities with some of the bankruptcies out there? 

<A - John G. Call, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer>: So, Brian, you're obviously correct on the 
EBIT margin. If we use kind of the higher end of the range we have out there, we'll be approaching 8%. And we 
believe going-forward there's quite frankly opportunities in both margin and G&A. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: On your question about dd's store openings, Brian, obviously there's a fair bit of lead-time 
on new store openings. So during the balance of this year, we'll be taking a look at 2010 and we'll have more news on 
that towards the end in terms of our new store openings at dd's. Oh, I think you also asked about real estate and what 
we're seeing in the real estate market. The truth is real estate, obviously as you all know, that industry is in turmoil right 
now, so it's hard for us to predict what that's going to mean in terms of our diversity of locations over the next few 
years. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Did we miss one, Brian, or did 
we cover all your questions? 

<Q - Brian Tunick>: No, thanks, I think you got them. 

Operator 

The next question comes from Jeff Black from Barclays Capital. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Hey, thanks. Michael, can you talk about a couple of things, one is California? A couple of our 
retailers have commented on accelerating foreclosure trends there. Yet it seems like your biggest competitor said things 
were stable. Just what are you seeing in overall trends there? And any specifics on product availability? That's always a 
question on the offprice. But any specifics you can give us on amount of new labels you've added, areas where you've 
added some new labels? And by that I mean product segments. Thanks. 


<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. California has been pretty 
much running with the trend. So it's a high foreclosure market, but we seem to be getting through it and with our value 
proposition. And product availability, we've opened up lots of new labels. We don't quantify it, but it's been lots of new 
labels opened up in really both companies. And it isn't even, it's not confined to certain segments of the store. It's been 
really broad-based across the whole store. 

As you would expect in this kind of environment, offprice just like ourselves have become more desirable partners with 
the marketplace, the vendor marketplace. And it should bode well for us now and long-term as these relationships 
become solidified. And clearly it's positioned, our investment and our merchandize organization in this regard has 
positioned us very well. 

<Q - Jeff Black>: Great, good luck. Thanks. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Jeff Klinefelter from Piper Jaffray. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Thank you for taking the questions. Congrats as well in the first quarter. On dd's 
DISCOUNTS, curious, given everything that's changed here in the economic cycle from when you launched this 
concept, any new thoughts on the size of the addressable market, the demographics? I'd imagine real estate here would 
be a more specific opportunity given the size of those stores and some of the needs that developers have. Are you 
hearing or sensing any of those things in the marketplace? And how has the, given the improvement in the financials, 
how has the potential size of that chain changed in your mind? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Jeff, I think when we first launched dd's we said there was a potential for 500 stores. But 
it's a very young chain, it's hard for us to predict at this point. I don't think we have an update on that 500 number, at 
least not yet. So that's kind of how we think about the potential. Just repeat the second part of your question. I wasn't 
clear what you were getting at there. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Just curious, from the time that you launched it we were in a very different economic cycle 
and you've obviously learned a lot over those several quarters. So just curious on in terms of the demographic 
positioning, the addressable market size, what you're seeing in terms of reception from your various customer 
segments? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Sure, even before the economic slowdown, we believed that there was a low income or a 
lower income customer that was being underserved. And that was really what dd's was targeted at. I think that's even 
more true in this economic environment. It's tough for us to predict how long this economic environment will continue, 
but we continue to believe that that's an underserved market and that's really the niche that dd's is looking for. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Thanks. And then one last question, Michael, with respect to your second half or, John, 
second half guidance. Clearly you outperformed your expectations in the first quarter and that's providing confidence to 
take these numbers up. When you look out into the second half, it's difficult to predict for anybody, is it the way that 
you're performing operationally that provides that confidence? Is it the product mix that you have? Or is it how the 
customer has behaved in key markets here this first quarter that gives you that confidence? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's all those things and we also 
are up against easier comparison. 

<Q - Jeffrey Klinefelter>: Okay. All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the Gary Giblen from Goldsmith and Harris. 


<Q - Gary Giblen>: Yes, good morning. I was wondering would you ascribe more than 50% of the improvement in 
the Mid-Atlantic to the micro-merchandising or are there other significant factors at work there? 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Yes. Sorry, this is Michael O'Sullivan again. Let me just give you a quick update on 
micro-merchandising. So as we said on previous calls. We've piloted the micro-merchandising tools in about 15% of 
the businesses. And based upon that we're pretty happy with how it's working. So during the course of this year, we'll 
roll it out to the whole, to all of our businesses. 

That said, I don't think we would really attribute much of the improved performance in the Mid-Atlantic to 
micro-merchandising. There's some other things that we've done including assortment adjustments in the Mid-Atlantic 
that are separate to micro-merchandising that we think have driven that performance. 

<Q - Gary Giblen>: Okay. Then that kind of leads to the question of are those steps you took to get a notable 
improvement in the Mid-Atlantic things that can be replicated through the raw system, or are you already there in, let's 
say, in California where your most mature market is? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: In many ways -- I don't want to 
say we're there because I don't think we're ever there. But you really could replicate those things in close to a 1,000 
store chain on an individual, market-by-market basis without the systemic use of our micro-merchandising process, 
which is still, we're still now rolling it out and we should be rolled out very short -- finish rolling out very shortly. So 
that is the way for us to solve the riddle of more opportunities on a store-by-store and market-by-market basis. 

<Q - Gary Giblen>: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Good morning, everyone. Can you talk a little bit about the productivity of stores in new markets, 
how that's trending and what you're seeing? And then as your business has done well through this, in this environment, 
what are you seeing in terms of average price points and IMU? Is it changing, is it changing by category, and what do 
you expect going forward? Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Dana, on your question about new stores, if we look at our 2008 stores, we're happy with 
how they're performing. But on average, those stores have been open seven or eight months, so I think we want to give 
them a little bit longer. But as I say, I think we're happy with how they're doing. And then the '09 stores, we just opened 
17 net stores in March. Obviously too early to provide any read on those. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: And, Dana, relative to your 
questions on price point and markdowns, price point is kind of flattish. We haven't seen that change a whole lot. 
Relative to margin, we did get improvements in both markdowns during the quarter and expect that to continue. 

<Q - Dana Telsey>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Patrick McKeever from MKM Partners. 

<Q - Patrick McKeever>: Thanks. Just wondered if you might provide a little color on your store performance in 
Florida? Are you seeing any change there? Are things getting any better? And then the second question is on some of 
the department store shutdowns, Mervyns and Goody's, I guess Gottschalks here at some point over the next few 
months, I mean do you feel like you're picking up market share? And how are you positioning yourself to do that? 
Thanks. 


<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: So, Florida is still trailing the 
company, performing slightly better than we anticipated for the year, but still trailing the company. 

<A - Michael O'Sullivan>: Patrick, on the competitive closures, just to give you a sense of it, we have 227 Ross Stores 
that are within five miles of a Mervyns. We have 445 Ross Stores within five miles of a Linens 'n Things, 160 Ross 
Stores within five miles of a [inaudible]. I could go on, but there's been a lot of competitive closures and we think that 
over the long-term that's going to help us. Yeah, that's our perspective. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Rob Wilson from Tiburon Research 

<Q - Rob Wilson>: Yes, thanks for taking my call. I was looking at your 10-K and it appears that you've increased 
your number of merchants over the last two years by approximately 20%. I think I have those numbers correct. Has that 
been part of your success? And do you plan to hire even more merchants going forward? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: It's been an integral part of our 
strategy for a while and we plan to definitely continue that. Okay? It is a key component of us developing vendor 
relationships and acquiring more resources, which is the key to acquiring bargains in offprice. 

<Q - Rob Wilson>: So we should expect increased hiring in the merchant area going forward? 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Rob Wilson>: Well fair enough. Thanks for taking my call. 

<A - Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Sure thing. 

Operator 

At this time there are no further questions. 

Michael Balmuth, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you all for attending. Have a very good day. 

Operator 

This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


