Q4 2009 Earnings Call - Analyst Briefing 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Edward Stanford 
• Wyn Ellis 
• Geoff Van Klavern 
• Penelope Butcher 
• Jonathan Wober 
• Joe Gill 
• Andrew Light 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Folks, you're all very welcome to the Ryanair Full-Year Results Presentation. I am Michael O'Leary. With me here is 
Howard Millar, and we won't delay. So we'll just shoot straight into the presentation. You have copies over there, 
anybody who doesn't you'll find it on the website, www.ryanair.com, where you can download the results and the 
presentation for yourselves. 

Ryanair is the world's favorite airline. We're continuing our model of the lowest fares, the lowest seat costs in Europe. 
We guarantee no fuel surcharges. We continue to grow very strongly, 67 million passengers in the coming 12 months, a 
growth of 15% from 58 million passengers we carried last year. 

We're operating over 800 routes and 32 bases across Europe. Our customer service continues to improve with quite 
extraordinary punctuality at the moment, losing very few lost bags with very few cancellations. We're the greenest, 
cleanest airline and we're also Europe's now Number 1 airline, both in traffic and market capitalization. 

And the key theme of last year's numbers as usual was that Ryanair continued to lower airfares. Our average fare, 
which includes our baggage charges, fell by 8% in the last 12 months to €40, meaning we're now almost more than 
50% cheaper than all of our competitors across Europe. easyJet, for example, would be the next closest to us. Their 
average fare is now some 65% higher than Ryanair. And then you have other high-fare airlines like Aer Lingus, Iberia, 
Air France, all charging a multiple of Ryanair's low fares and we continue to lower those fares. 

Customer service are on-time at the moment, it is only above 90% with this benefits of the big guys then cutting back 
capacity is there is less pressure on the ATC system across Europe. But we're really delivering remarkable punctuality 
figures. In recent weeks it has been as high as 94 or 95%. 

Lost bags, as we continue to carry less checked-in bags, thankfully we're losing fewer and fewer of them and we 
continue to have the fewest of the – canceled the fewest number of passengers. Sorry, there's a date typo at the bottom 
here, these should all be FY '10, '09, '08, '07, so just move it by a year. Last year we carried 57 million – 58 million 
passengers. We expect that to grow by 15% in the next year to FY March '10 to about 67 million passengers. 


Coverage, all of Europe now covered. I think what we are seeing as well, as the European, particularly the flags 
cut-back, and as Howard said we are besieged by airports coming to us now, seeking or trying to persuade us either to 
open up bases or to launch flights and services to their airports. We are now Europe's largest airline. And again 
[inaudible] recently talking about Europe's big three and we didn't even get mentioned. We carry more passengers than 
any of the other three, and we are also bigger market cap. We overtook Lufthansa's worldwide traffic for the first time 
in March and we expect the gap to continue to grow over the next 12 months as more and more passengers switch from 
the high fares, particularly in the short-haul markets around Europe, switch from the high-fare carriers to Ryanair. 

Financial highlights, the traffic up 15%, load factor pretty stable at 81%. Average fares, which includes the baggage 
fees, down 8%. So you see lots of passengers not paying the baggage fees, changing the way they travel, traveling with 
more carry-on luggage to avoid the baggage fees. This is exactly what we want. We want fewer bags, not the baggage 
revenue. 

Revenue per passenger, down 6%, which includes the ancillary revenues. Overall revenues up 8% and profit after tax 
down 78%. And I think a significant decline in profitability to make the 105 million after-tax in the year when we were 
unhedged and paid in the third quarter or paid at the third quarter $125 a barrel, is a remarkable testament to just how 
strong and how robust the Ryanair low-cost, low-fares model is. 

Balance sheet, at the year-end, we had a small net debt figure of about 120 million, allowing for enormous capital 
expenditure on aircrafts, and those figures also include total cost of the Aer Lingus share, a stake of – just over €400 
million now written down to less than €100 million, and two share buybacks totaling €346 million. 

Highlights for the last 12 months, after-tax profit of 105 million despite record high oil prices when we were unhedged. 
I think we've been vindicated by being unhedged last year. We said $140 a barrel wasn't sustainable, it hasn't been and 
we've taken advantage of the significant declines in oil now to hedge or to restart our hedging program. 

We've grown traffic 15% to 59 million passengers. We've added 18 new aircraft – a net 18 new aircraft. We sold 16 
aircraft in the last 12 months, which means the fleet has now grown to 181 units. 

We launched six new bases, Alghero, Birmingham, Bologna, Bournemouth, Cagliari and Edinburgh. We've opened up 
223 new routes. And from the regulatory side, the UK Competition Commission report has now confirmed the for-sale 
or the break-up of the BAA with the sale of Gatwick, Stansted and one of the Scottish airports, something we warmly 
welcome and is badly needed. 

The European Court, the first instance, and a major victory for Ryanair in December dismissed the European 
Commission's state aid finding in the Charleroi case found that our cost base at Charleroi comprised no state aid or 
subsidy, which I think at least again frees up or makes it clear, easier for a lot of regional airports and secondary 
airports around Europe now to enter into negotiations with us on deeply discounted charges to allow us to grow their 
airport over the coming years. Punctuality has improved further. We are now the Number 1 on-time major airline. 

Current issues we want to touch on this morning, particularly there are some detail with you guys and girls. Recession – 
the deep recession, weaker sterling means we will have lower fares in the next 12 months, but still rapid growth. We 
expect average fares to fall by between 15 to 20%. Clearly, that's at the upper edge of our expectations and we are 
allowing ourselves significant headroom next winter where, if as we believe this recession continues we think fares will 
be extremely low, although most of our competitors will be cutting back even more capacity at that stage. 

Oil has fallen below $60 a barrel, which has allowed us to hedge 90% of our – 90% hedge in for the first three quarters 
of the coming year. We've got 5% of the hedges in place for the fourth quarter. Unit costs, excluding fuel, I think again 
is one of the strengths of our model in the last – this winter in particular. We've been out there taking out enormous 
lumps of cost, airports, handling, marketing, even management pay, all of them have been significantly structured 
downwards in the last six months taking advantage of the recession or – the worldwide recession. 

We've low-cost aircraft financing in place now, we've all of our aircraft deliveries out to September '10, 18 months 
forward, which will take the fleet to 258 aircraft. The financing is done, already in place. And we are continuing to 
expand in a market where the competition is really making dramatic cuts in traffic capacity, cutting routes and suffering 


increased losses. I think for the next 12 months you see us hedged at relatively low oil prices whereas most of our 
competitors, BA, easyJet, even Aer Lingus, hedge typically up around $100 a barrel. So the gains they made last year 
by being hedged, they are going to surrender this year by again being hedged but at much higher prices than Ryanair. 

There's never been a better time for us to expand the airports all around Europe, both main airports and secondary 
airports, really just remarkable traffic collapses, and all of them now coming to us seeking or trying to persuade us to 
grow at their airports and to open bases, and that's translating into much better airport deals. We are continuing – 
starting to see the rollback of these stupid tourist or eco taxes, it depends on what they call them, but fundamentally 
they were air passenger taxes. They are now being scrapped in Belgium and Holland. Altogether, Greece and Spain has 
also significantly lowered regional airport charges to zero in Greece. Spain is giving a 100% rebate for traffic growth in 
the second half of this year, which it looks like frankly Ryanair will be the only airline to benefit from. 

We're calling again this morning on the Irish and UK governments, those led by muttonhead politicians that you can't 
stimulate tourism by taxing tourists, which is one of the reasons why UK tourism and Irish tourism are facing collapse 
this year. In Ireland we've lost 600 – passenger number is down about 15% in the first quarter of the year, and yet the 
Irish government following this failed policies here and the UK believes that the way forward is to tax the few 
remaining tourists we have coming. We expect that both in the UK and in Ireland those travel taxes will be rolled back 
by the end of this year, we hope to zero. 

Looking forward, we expect another year of very strong traffic growth. We also expect profits to double or at least 
double in FY '10 on the back of – subject to very heavy caveats on where oil prices finish up and where yields finish up 
over the next 12 months. 

Do you want to take a couple of those slides? 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah, sure. We've extended our hedging position. Now we've 90% hedged for the first three quarters and 5% in the 
fourth quarter, an average saving of approximately 50% on the previous year where our average was just over 100-ish – 
or $1,050 per ton. For the coming year that would deliver a saving, based on an average of $620 per ton, of €450 
million. Most of our competitors have a significantly higher cost, ranging in some cases to the lower end of $900 per 
ton and in some cases up to $1,000 per ton. 

We set up this slide just to show that this – the – I suppose what Warren Buffett would describe as the moat in the 
business, cost advantage continuing to – the gap continues to widen, easyJet 43% more expensive, Aer Lingus 162% 
and BA over 500% and that gap is not narrowing, in fact it's widening. Across every line you care to look there, 
Ryanair has the best performance and the lowest cost. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

And we'll take it down by 5% in the next 12 months. 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

In terms of fleet, we just recently completed a deal for another 45 aircraft. That means that we have effectively hedged 
the next 16 months of aircraft deliveries. You can see here where we show our mix of leases, so that it will be 
off-balance sheet leases and debt. So roughly 80% of the fleet is on-balance sheet using long-term AAA guaranteed US 
Government debt, long repayment cycles, 12-year debts. And looking forward this is the way we're going to finance 
our aircraft over the coming year, and we've everything financed almost out to September 2010 at rates that are 
significantly low even what sovereign government debt is running for at the moment. 


In terms of what's going on in the market, well, Ryanair is the only one growing. We expect to grow about 15% to 67 
million passengers, and you can see what's happening in terms of total capacity in the European market this year. 
Ryanair growing by 11%, easyJet by 2 and a disastrous course for everybody else, Lufthansa at minus 2, BA just 
upgraded to minus 6 and the sick man of the European Aviation Industry, Alitalia, at minus 28%. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

This is where a lot of our growth is actually coming from. You see some of the pressure these airports are under. If you 
take -- you are talking about the five big economies in Europe, the UK, BA is cutting back capacity, Germany 
Lufthansa is cutting back capacity, in France, Air France is cutting back capacity, the same in Iberia, Alitalia in Spain 
and Italy, and they are creating enormous opportunities. In most cases, we're talking to both regional and primary 
airports now in those countries and even the primary airports are now accepting that they've got to do a deal with us, 
talking to us about efficient facilities and much – and low-cost arrangements. 

And the next slide illustrates – take the example of, say, the Spanish market, the kind of pressure that – the large airport 
owners, this is AENA in Spain the top 15 Spanish airports from Madrid all the way down to Santiago, enormous lumps 
of traffic being lost. Madrid down 13% this year, Barcelona who've just opened up a second terminal is giving – taking 
El Prat up to a capacity of about 60 million passengers. This year it looks like their traffic will fall from 30 million to as 
little as 24 million passengers, so the place is empty. Meanwhile up the road in Girona and down in Reus, Ryanair is 
still growing strongly and expanding and that's trying – so, there is enormous opportunities for us, particularly because 
the airports know that we have aircraft deliveries, that we have additional capacity coming in the next 12 months, 
they're all trying to persuade us to fly there and you see that in the next slide. 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

And you can see, now if you look at Spain we could play that example across into markets like Italy where we are also 
growing very, very strongly this year. So you can see Ryanair up by 4.8 – up by 16% and you can see what's happening 
with the other carriers. Spanair is down 34%, Clickair, Iberia [inaudible] main carrier down 19%. So we are the only 
ones growing and almost all of these markets that we serve we're the only ones adding capacity. But this is creating 
tremendous opportunities for lower cost deals. It has enabled us to reduce cost on existing deals and also we've seen, 
for example, where AENA is going to reduce charges for growth on a year-on-year basis for the back half of this year. 

We are encouraging people to -- as Michael said, the failed tourist taxes should be scrapped. We have already seen the 
Belgium and the Dutch repeal theirs, Greece – the Greeks are reducing airport charges, the Spanish are giving 100% 
rebate for 2009 growth over 2008, and the question mark is when it's going to happen here in the UK and in Ireland. 
And our view very strongly is that governments must get rid of these stupid tourist taxes, reduce airport charges if 
you're going to stimulate traffic and tourist growth during a very deep recession. 

What's our outlook for the coming year? Well, it's going to be another recessionary year. We're going to grow very 
strongly. We're going to grow by 15% to 67 million passengers. We do have few things happening as well. We think 
that yield will fall in the range of 15 to 20%. We also see sterling, which about 30% for our sales in sterling will also be 
impacted by the weakness of sterling over the last year. That will have an impact on our yields as well. 

Strong growth and very good load factors. You've already seen our April numbers out and our May is shortly to follow, 
but we have focused very strongly on bookings – getting ahead of the curve in terms of bookings. Booking still remain 
ahead of where they were at this time last year. People are switching to us. We're the price leaders. We're following 
what's going on in other industries such as supermarkets, the Aldis, the Lidls and the IKEAs and McDonald's are all 
doing very, very well in this industry. 

Unit costs, excluding fuel, will yet again fall. Last year, we recorded a 3% decline in unit costs. This year we are 
looking at an even stronger performance, minus 5%. Obviously, we've got a very strong position, our hedging position 
having three quarters hedged at 90%, we've got 5% in the fourth quarter, that's going to deliver another €450 million. 


We've given guidance based on the yield guidance, so at the lower end of the range or minus 20% yields, about 200 
million, and if it is 15% it's at the upper end of the range, about 300 million. 

And we're seeing in this industry a lot of closures, there is going to be more bankruptcies. This is going to accelerate as 
we go through the year, particularly as we head into the post summer period although last year obviously in the summer 
we did see some closures as well. 

And what we've seen, the process is continuing. If you look back at the number of players in the low cost or what they 
call low-cost airlines and in the major airlines, there will be fewer and fewer competitors with a significant reduction in 
capacity. This year the European market is going to fall by at least 6%, so you talking about 30 million plus seats taken 
out of the market. 

So, Ryanair, in summary, Ryanair is only – Europe's only true low-fares airline with the lowest cost base and the only 
one that's growing this year. We see tremendous opportunities in this current recession. This is – this machine is ideally 
built for a recessionary period, so long-term growth and we have a short-term oil cost advantage against most of our 
competitors. 

We plan to double our profits in this current year. I am still committed to the goal we set out a number of years, double 
our profits from 400 million to 800 million. We've great opportunity which – to hack out our cost base, more 
aggressive cost cuts this year. Our customer service, as Michael said earlier on, continues to improve. We still have the 
best on-time performance and I was Duty Executive over the weekend, and we had 108 aircrafts departing with only 
two flights delayed, which is a record and I am there 18 years. I have never seen anything like this. So very, very strong 
performance, but we have worked very, very hard on that. 

Going forward, we see tremendous opportunity with new airports and bases, 80 plus million passengers by 2012, and 
we are still committed to that plan to double traffic and profits by 2012 and in this industry lowest cost always wins. 

So with that we will open for questions. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

The key theme if you like for the last 12 months is here is a business that despite paying for oil at $125 a barrel made 
money, made 106 million after tax. Going forward to next year, we have much lower unit costs, we have much lower 
oil prices and we're going to take those enormous costs advantages and we're going to drive fares down further to clear 
the field. 

We're going to take more and more passengers, more and more traffic away from the BAs, the Lufthansas and the Air 
Frances. In a time when they are all – they are stumbling around, admitting that they are going to lose enormous sums 
of money, desperately trying to hang on to unjustified fuel surcharges when, frankly, with oil down at $60 a barrel, BA 
shouldn't be levying any fuel surcharges. And business class certainly in Europe is dead. BA will no longer – I mean, 
I've predicted within two to three years business class will come off most of BA short-haul intra-European flights. It 
doesn't exist in the US on traffic – on travel within the US and it is disappearing rapidly within Europe. 

And passengers, the effect – the principal effect of the recession is going to be to switch more and more passengers, 
getting more and more price and to particularly business traffic switching to Ryanair, but not just because we just saved 
them a fortune on fees, but simply because our punctuality is so good. We're seeing real benefits coming to us from 
punctuality. And yet, while BA is faffing around talking about the end of the world being nigh and the need to cut cabin 
crew pay or something irrelevant like that, we're out there still, if you like, leading the revolution forward. We've had 
an enormous positive impact from web check-in. By the end of – by 1st of October this year we closed all airport 
check-in desks. 

We're restructuring a lot of our handling costs. We're going to roger a lot of expensive airports, particularly Dublin and 
Stansted, who deserve the rogering of all time. We'll be throwing back the keys to check-in desks. They don't need it, 
don't want it, not going to use it, but passengers love Web check-in. They're no longer being blackmailed by these 


bloody airports to come to the airport 15 hours before your flight just to make sure that you get through the check-in 
queue and have six hours to buy our overpriced retail offerings. We are now aggressively – this is what we're telling 
people, show up 40 minutes before your flight. Don't waste any time with the BAA's or the DAA's overpriced useless 
shopping facilities, go through security straight down to the gate and get on your very cheap on-time Ryanair flight and 
it's working. And that is how we are going to break the last remaining airport monopolies both the BAA monopoly and 
DAA monopoly in Dublin. And it couldn't happen to a more -- a nicer monopolist than have them bloody broken by 
Ryanair in the next 12 or 24 months. 

I think we've ready for questions. 

Q&A 

<A>: Okay. Mike, just for the folks who are listening in on the web and watching the web, just introduce yourself and 
your company. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Particularly for those in the DAA who will be listening, we're 
coming to get you, you bastards. 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: It's Edward Stanford from Cazenove. On that very subject, did you quantify the savings that 
you hope to make from the readjusted handling charges? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: In the next 12 months we expect to take our handling and airport 
costs, it will come down by something in the order of about €40 million simply by switching people to Web check-in. 
But the future possibilities are absolutely endless. Once you know, I mean if you have one of those kind of wet dream 
scenarios, once we have all the passengers using web check-in you no longer need a terminal building. The terminal 
building serves absolutely no purpose for us anymore, and I can see a future where instead of us delivering millions of 
passengers into a high-priced and over-priced and bad value retail offering like Dublin Airport, we'd simply put them – 
we could move security out to the car park where we take all our passengers, put them through security in the car park, 
put them onto a bus and drive them round to our aircraft in which case then you have Dublin Airport with two empty 
terminal buildings full of over-priced useless retail offerings. 

And I think what we're moving back to is the way this business should operate and that is the passenger belongs to the 
airline and if the airports want our passengers in their over-priced [expletive] city retail outlets, I think they should pay 
us 8 percentage of the sales, in which case I'll be happy to work with them to promote their very good value retail 
offerings but only on the basis of getting a share of the revenues. I mean this is the way the tourism industry works 
around the world. You know, the bus drivers [inaudible] some more of their transport out [inaudible] and that's the way 
the airlines – the airline industry should work. But the days of having airport monopolies over-priced bloody retail and 
airports lying through their teeth telling you about how they have wonderful retail offerings are over. 

We no longer need terminal buildings. So the future – once you've got people traveling with carry-on luggage and 
using web check-in, the future is no longer need – terminal buildings designed by the BAs is 4 billion quid for 25 
million passengers. We can build that terminal building for now about £100 million for 25 million passengers because 
you don't need baggage halls, you won't need a lot of check-in space, you have much more efficient -- the kind of 
terminals that passengers want to use where you get through the terminal building in about three minutes instead of 
three hours, which is the way the BAA try to design terminals. So they force you to walk through their over-priced and 
bad value shopping outlets. 

So the immediate saving is €40 million in the next 12 months, but down the road revolution is, this is how we break the 
airport monopolies, this is how – I think in the future you're going to see airport terminals begin to resemble things like 
-- from the train stations and bus stations, much more efficient egress of passengers through relatively simple efficient 
buildings, not the bloody old marble palaces we've had to put up over the last 50 years. Yes, Ellis. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Can I just check through – it's Wyn Ellis from Numis, the yield guidance. How much of your yield 
guidance reflects what you're talking about clearing the field, and how much of it reflects what you're seeing in the 


current environment, talking about maybe taking April and May together and the Easter effect, what's currently 
happening to yields? How much of it is really what you're seeing now and how much of it is just you wiping the 
competition because of particularly the benefit you are getting on fuel prices? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think we've got to be careful. We don't have – this – the problem 
in our yield guidance this time of the year is we have very little visibility out into the year. What we have seen 
obviously, April is distorted because you have Easter in this year's April, it's not in the comparable April last year. So 
there is no doubt the yield performance in the first quarter will be significantly better than minus 15 to minus 20 
guidance. 

The real difficulty – so none of what we have in our yield guidance, what we're seeing at the moment, is better than 
that. But I wouldn't want to underestimate them, you know we don't underestimate I think how difficult it is going to be 
if this recession continues through into the autumn and through next winter. I think we'll be flying many millions of 
people around next winter for free. The fares will actually be zero. We have a percentage of those every year, but it 
could get very difficult. So I think what we're simply taking, instead of us saying, look, we have enormous cost savings 
in unit cost this year, we have enormous fuel cost savings and we have enormous handling and airport cost savings and 
we're just going to trouser those and report an increasing profits of four or 500 million. 

I think the sensible thing do is to be cautious and say look, we expect to spend at least half of those savings, driving 
down airfares to the next – particularly next winter, maintaining 15% traffic growth in a market where most of our 
competitors are cutting capacity, cutting loops and cutting traffic. The result for the next 12 months might be better 
than that, but I think again, at this time of the year caution and a certain bearish outlook is necessary, because that's 
what helps us to keep driving costs. If you look at our competitors for example, BA still thinks there is a blue-sky 
scenario whereas Vueling has only just gotten around to a senior management pay cut, even that's only for one month. 
We were at this 12 months ago. 

I took a 35% cut in my pay last year because we have a much more bearish outlook and yet we are making money 
whereas BA will be blowing their brains out in the next 12 months, but then BA is just a pension deficit with wings, 
whereas at Ryanair we are just an efficient profitable airline. So, I think we're being conservative, I think we've being 
very cautionary, but – and don't – when our first quarter yield outturn is better than minus 15 to minus 20, remember 
that it's heavily distorted by Easter in April. 

<A>: [inaudible]. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: I think obviously we've no visibility, 
pretty limited booking, so obviously we have a pretty good idea as Michael said on Q1 and our general trend is that we 
try and update our guidance as best we can. We're probably unique in Europe at the moment [inaudible] the only people 
giving any guidance, even of it is with some caveats and a wide range, and as we go through the year we will give you 
our best view on it. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, thanks. Sorry, you... 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Just in terms of what you've seen over April and May, put up the two together, what would you say 
is currently happening to yields? Can you give us some feeling for the current environment? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No, I'd rather not. I think we should keep ourselves on the global – 
on the 12 month. I think anything better than that and the people will be out there doing [inaudible] recovery and all 
that kind of nonsense. Look, I think this recession is going to be with us here for at least another 12, I think maybe 24 
months, particularly while we are following economically illiterate policies like taxing tourists in the UK and taxing 
tourists in Ireland. The traveler is going to suffer more than most, but within that sector we're going to do 
phenomenally well because as people get more price sensitive, both across the leisure sector and the business sector 
they are switching to us in their droves. 

Who is next, [inaudible]? 

<Q - Geoff Van Klavern>: Hi, it's Geoff Van Klavern from Exane BNP Paribas. 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Geoff, hi. 

<Q - Geoff Van Klavern>: Do you have a radical solution for baggage then, because I guess all the airlines are doing 
online checking, but I mean are you going to introduce kiosks then or – what's the plan there? Secondly, just on 
ancillary revenue, I mean most of the increase seems to come from increasing credit card charges last year. I mean is 
that – what's the plan going forward for ancillary? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We have radically planned for baggage and that's to get rid of the 
bloody thing. We were the first airline [inaudible] revolution two years ago of charging for checked-in bags not 
because we wanted to generate baggage revenue, we wanted to get rid of the checked-in bags. And how we get to web 
check-in, you know the reason we can get to web check-in for all of our classes by October this year is we'll be down to 
about 20% in passengers traveling with checked-in bags, now they still use baggage drop desks at the airport. But 
fundamentally we're changing the way our passengers travel, whereas the other airlines are still advertising, bring your 
two big bloody suitcases and you can wait for an hour in the check-in queue. So – and I think we'll take that one step 
further. 

Let me share the vision of the future for you. Once we get to 100% of web check-in, I think by the October this year, 
what we'll start working on then would be removing baggage restrictions altogether in terms of the number of bags 
passengers can bring, but imposing the restriction that they can only bring them in kind of hand luggage sized bags, 
because I think what we do then would be close the baggage lots, and say to everybody you could show up, but you 
bring the bag down to the aircraft. So you've got to get it through the airport X-ray machines. Therefore, if it's not kind 
of hand luggage size, which you can bring two or three hand luggage sized bags if you want. 

Now at the steps to the plane you can bring one onboard and you can put the others into the hold yourselves if needs be. 
But ultimately you are going to move everybody away from needing a terminal building, needing any process within 
the terminal building, because that's what gives us the negotiating power with the bloody airports. And we've been 
building up to this for two years and yet the airport's wised up to this about a year, two years ago when they sold 
kiosks, even Dublin Airport [inaudible], they are going to get rid of check-in desks, then how they'll be using kiosks. 

So being the monopolist they are, they said, well, okay, we're already charging to rent the check-in desks despite the 
fact that they are paid for fully through airport charges. Now, we're charging by a traveler charge, we'll rent them the 
space in the terminal building to put the kiosks on even despite that we've paid for that space already through airport 
charges. So we said, okay, go to hell with your kiosks. So we're not putting in kiosks at any airport, Dublin is the only 
one thus far that wants to charge us to put kiosks in there. We simply go straight to web check-in at Dublin and bypass 
Dublin Airport altogether, and that's the way forward. Kiosks is ultimately not the way forward, the Web is the way 
forward. 

You get the usual stuff, what if passengers don't have access to the Web? Well, how did they book the bloody ticket in 
the first place? Old people, they can't use Web check-in, and they are very good at using the Web for booking the cheap 
tickets. They will find a way if it's cheap and if it makes sense for them, and that's the way we are moving it forward. 
So I think by the end of this year we'll have check-in times down to about 25% of passengers, that's probably the core 
that is not discretionary, that's people with families and all the rest, people going on extended breaks. But those people I 
think what we'll do then from next winter onwards, is persuade them, instead of traveling with one big checked-in case, 
maybe travel with two carry-on cases and you'll bring the bags down to the aircraft. 

Now – look what we've done now, now if we get everybody to bring the bags down to the aircraft, you close – got rid 
of check-in altogether, the baggage drops have gone altogether, you get rid of the baggage handlers altogether and you 
can also close the lost bag departments altogether because frankly you brought it down to the aircraft, you – and if 
you've lost it it's your bloody fault, you go find it, but don't ask us to do it because we didn't touch your bag during the 
entire process. Everything is going to become much more efficient and passengers will be showing up 40 minutes 
before departure, going straight to the boarding gate with their bags and they have a guarantee they'll never lose their 
bags. 

The second half of your question was...? 


<Q - Geoff Van Klavern>: [inaudible]. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Ancillaries, I mean we think -- we've been working on [inaudible] 
by programs to get ancillaries of 15% of revenues up to about 20% revenues, where they're now and I think you'll see 
ancillaries now level out at about 20% of ticket sales. It will be – of total revenues, it will be maybe a little bit higher in 
the year if our average fares fall significantly maybe this year and then in the Europe where we have a decent year on 
revenues and yields. But I think 20% is about where we expect. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, I think this year we expect it to 
outperform as your volume growth in the coming year, but not like that gap that's been there for quite a few years 
where it's growing much faster. As we have said two years ago that that gap will start to level off, but I think you can 
look at another year of faster paced growth and faster volumes. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Penny? 

<Q - Penelope Butcher>: Yeah, Penny Butcher from Morgan Stanley. I have two questions, the first just on the 
comment you made with regard to the airports approaching you now for better deals and traffic opportunities and you 
mentioned the combination of the regional and the main airports. I'm assuming that's not related to the DAA airports or 
the BAA airports. What primary airports or which main airports are you getting the interest from, if you could perhaps 
sort of guide by country of focus? 

And the second question on costs, we've talked a lot about the baggage saving and I guess quantified that 40 million. 
What other areas of costs are contributing to the 5% decline, if you could give us some feel, please? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sure. I mean I think it's safe to say, look, almost every year, 
but the only airport at the moment we're not talking to about growth is Dublin. Even Stansted despite the fact that 
they've no management, don't know who is going to own them in 12 months time, are desperately trying to persuade us 
to grow there. Now [inaudible] in the BAA airport, they get nosebleeds at the discussion of discount. So they are not 
going very far in those discussions. And the industry is simply running ahead of them and without – we should – I'm 
not clearly going to give you detail of negotiations with individual airports. 

If you look at – we are talking obviously to the Spanish airports, the Italian airports, the German airports, the French 
airports. The only airports at this stage I think it's safe to say we are not in active discussions with about growth, bases 
and routes are Dublin, Charles de Gaulle, Frankfurt Main and Heathrow. Almost everybody else is desperately trying to 
persuade us to select them, pick them, open routes, open bases. There is all – I could think of almost no airport now that 
is – even the airports by the way who publicly deny that they are in discussions with us are in discussions with us. They 
are not sensitive, so we don't mind being publicly rejected as long as the discussions are progressing and the discounts 
are getting deeper. 

I mean if you look at the kind of – and we are still scratching the surface at the moment of the capacity cutbacks by BA, 
by Lufthansa. But Spain and Italy are just phenomenal, the implosion of Alitalia and the implosion of Iberia, Spanair or 
those kind of capacity reductions, I mean they are extraordinary. We've never seen this kind of a seismic shift in a 
market as big as something like Spain. When you take out that kind of – look at those kind of traffic declines, which 
range 13% proximal and nearly 20%, I mean it is enormous and it's all the Spanish airlines. 

It's, generally speaking, the Iberias, Air Berlins, even easyJet is closing baggage capacity in Spain by about 6% this 
summer. New Harbor is steam-rolling ahead with 16% capacity growth and more of the same to come. So there is – we 
are in discussions with major secondary airports all over Europe. In fact, we have had to increased the size of the new 
routes, development team has gone from about three to six people, just to quantify, to be able to cope with the volume 
of people who want to talk to us. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: I think it's important, Penny, there has 
been a general tread going around the market that we've changed our strategy. We will still do the vast majority of our 
business from secondary airports. There has been a kind of tread going out of [inaudible] into some kind of airline 
flying to primary airports, we are not. If somebody makes us an offer we can't refuse, which is getting more and more 


expensive everyday for them, we may look at it, but that doesn't mean there is any change in the strategy, the way the 
business is going to be run, quick turnarounds, all that kind of stuff, very low cost and efficiency. So, yes, we are 
talking to them but there is no change in the strategy. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: And I think it's fair that we have a very low cost base agreed with 
a number of major airports, and we haven't announced any moves there because the current guarantee is 25-minute 
turnarounds. The key thing to remember about Ryanair is it is not about the cost, it's primarily – the primary focus is 
25-minute turnarounds, which is why if, God forbid, sometime in the future Heathrow or [inaudible] offered us for free 
we'd still never fly there. If we can't do 25-minute turnarounds, we can't maintain this kind of efficiency. That's why we 
are so much lower costs than easyJet, than the Air Berlins of this world, many of whom follow the same type of model 
as we do, but they can't do 25-minute turnarounds because they've all historically gone for the easy goal. easyJet wants 
to be the next British Midland, which is fine as a strategy as long as you're Michael Bishop, but [inaudible] has never 
made any money. You make a bundle flipping it to somebody else, which I think ultimately is what easyJet will do. 
Will easyJet be there as a large independent force in the business in the next four to five years in Europe, I don't – I 
think it will get sold [inaudible]. 

<Q - Penelope Butcher>: And just on the other cost items of [inaudible] in your guidance? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: They go right across the sector, I mean if you look at in unit cost 
terms almost all of the items, labor, maintenance, sales, marketing, depreciation, everything next year on a unit cost 
basis will decline. I would have possibly said to get Eurocontrol, but even then our sector length next year too for the 
first time in a number of years, but actually we expect it to fall by about 2%. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: So we are getting reductions pretty 
across every line, there are so many anomalies for our aircraft rentals because of the way we structure financing, it will 
probably grow faster than the growth in passenger volumes. The pre-merger across every other line, I think you will all 
be pretty happy with the kind of unit cost reductions we are going to achieve on areas like airport charges, staff costs. 
Obviously, we've had a pay freeze and some staff cost pay reductions including ourselves here. And so I think it's going 
to be a very strong performance across all lines by probably operating leases, which – we've done a lot of operating 
leases this year which will rise faster than the growth in passenger volumes. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks Penny. Next question? 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Thanks. It is Jonathan Wober from Société Générale. I've got three questions please. First 
question is, when you get your adjusted net profit figure of 105 million, it seems you've taken your pretty exceptional, 
pre-tax number and you've added tax credit that comes as a result of having a net loss for the year. Wouldn't it be more 
regular to apply a tax charge to that pretty exceptional pre-tax profit? That's the first question. Why you have chosen to 
do it that way? 

Second question is once you've got rid of all of these bags, what are you going to do with the belly space in the 
aircrafts, if anything? And the third question is regarding your plan to double profits in 2012 related to 2007, that's a – 
an eightfold increase on the year just reported and quadrupling of your planned profit for next year. I know there is a lot 
of variables out there, but can you just give us a feel for whether you see average fares at some point turning round 
upwards over that period or whether you see further – significant reductions in the unit costs and whether – what all 
price assumption you are making in that as well? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I don't disagree with you. [inaudible] how we got to the 105 
million after-tax adjusted figures, simply by taking out the earning write-off, all the rest of it is reason. We do get the 
tax credit back this year and we are happy to – but we haven't taken this, it's there. So that's the number excluding the 
earnings write-off. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: I think it's – it reflects the fact that we 
have obviously very significant tax allowances for the large increase in the fleet, we get a lot of capital allowances. So 
for tax purposes, we have actually made a tax loss and therefore you got a deferred asset for that. We didn't want to 
take it either, but under the accounting rules we are required to adjust for it. So... 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: If we could have reported a loss of – or a profit for the year of less 
than a 100 million, I trust that we would have done it. It's just that the accounting rules don't agree with them. I mean if 
the accounting rules allowed us to write off the entire earnings investment to zero, I would have – we would write the 
month – the entire earnings investment off to zero, but apparently no, we have to write it down to... 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Market value. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Market value, which is 93 million and you can take you own view 
to whether I mean this is worth 400 million today or not. And what we do with the belly space if we get rid of all the 
bags, nothing. I think we will fly it full of air like the management of Ryanair. We will fly it empty because it makes 
the planes lighter. It means there's nobody messing around with belly holes on turnarounds. We're not delaying waiting 
for bloody cargo to go on or off. We're not taking post, even if we get besieged [inaudible]. So we have no interest in 
carrying craft like cargo or post or anything else in the belly hole. So if the aircraft is lighter then so much the better. I 
mean we have looked at strange ways to see if we could increase the number of seating or put beds into the belly holes, 
but I'm relatively short of when our flights doesn't look like a runner, and – although we are looking at the possibility of 
taking some of the toilets off the airplane, which kind of get back to when we took charge of toilets is with three toilets 
onboard if you could charge the toilets [inaudible] using toilets we might take out some toilets and add some more seats 
into it and we are looking actively with Boeing on that. But we've no interest in the belly space. Frankly it – putting any 
weight in there would simply increase fuel consumption and slow down flights. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: And just – I'm just thinking, for the next designed aircraft when eventually Airbus and 
Boeing get around to successes to the existing generation aircraft, will you be looking to influence them accordingly? I 
mean you don't need belly space in the future. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No, but – I mean it's a tube, so there is not a lot you can do unless 
they can make double-deckers it isn't going to happen. When we – the first thing we would say to Airbus and Boeing 
when they get round to redesigning the next aircraft is, please don't. Improve the engines, like the tube is bloody fine. 
It's the same tube with slightly – with extensions on it that they have been flying the 737s since the early 1960s. And 
every time they've redesigned it, they don't really improve it all that much. We do need to continue to pour resources 
into better engine technology to reduce fuel consumption for both environmental reasons, which is – are always close 
to my heart, as well as financial reasons for burning less fuel. But other than that, frankly, the less that – the good thing 
about downturn in the recession is any talk about redesign of the 737-820 have been postponed by about 20 years 
which is exactly what should happen. 

Just in relation to the profitability, and again our target is to increase profit to 800 – net profit to 800 million by 2012. 
Yes, we still think we are on target. Clearly, it's not going to be a smooth progression to getting there, but if for 
example our yield outturn this year proves to be overly conservative and yields fall by less than 10% then you'll see us 
make very significant progress towards that target. What we need to get to 800 million by 2012 will be oil prices of 
under €50 – under $50 a barrel and beginning to see the end of the fare cuts. We will [inaudible] will be of such a size 
that at that point in time and as the competition withdraw further capacity, we will no longer have to cut fares by 15% – 
10 or 15% a year to grow at 15%. I think you'll also see a slowdown of our capacity growth by 2012. 

So we'll have slower growth, although we'll still be growing. We'll slow down the rate of growth and I guess you will 
see us then see a couple of years where fares will rise. I point you back to the example of Southwest Airlines who have 
seen average fare increases for 12 of the last 14 years. Southwest's average fare today is about €90 compared to 
Ryanair's, which is down at around €40. So I think there is a lot of headroom there once the rapid growth cycle has 
ended, but I think we are still in a phase of pretty – not maybe rapid, but pretty – slightly different word, is not as fast 
as rapid, that's considerable annual growth for the next three or four years. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: And so just one further follow-up, you normally put up a slide where you show your 
expected passenger numbers over the next sort of three years or so. You've given us the current year, but what's your 
expectation for the following two or three years? 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We expect another [inaudible] 15%. We'd expect it to grow 67 
million, something in the order 75, 76 million, then 85 million. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks very much. I think Joe Gill next. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Yeah, Joe Gill, Bloxham. Just I have three questions. Just in relation to your comments [inaudible], 
should we assume that you're giving yourself considerable scope over the winter months to take fares down pretty 
dramatically in the assumption that it's going to be a particularly tough period, like should we look at it in terms of a 
weighting towards H2 versus H1 in terms of what eventually might come out to produce a yield decline of 15 to 20%? 

Secondly, in relation to aircraft orders and potential deals, what is it like talking with the manufacturers at the moment 
and is there any sign that they're showing some flexibility in terms of pricing? And finally, in relation to market 
development you mentioned Greece twice in the presentation in relation to what the government there is doing. Both 
Greece and Turkey stand out as large sort of populist tourist markets, a bit like Spain, but you're not in either. Could we 
see you moving into either those two markets over the next couple of years? Thanks. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, I think, Joe, in terms of the 
yields I think we have highlighted that 15 to 20% is where we expect it to pan out. Obviously, the first quarter – the 
first six months, if we take that as a whole, will obviously be better than the – we have built in – baked in I suppose a 
significant fall in yields over the winter period as well, and as Michael said, that's [inaudible]. And clearly it's very 
difficult to predict as we now – we stand here in June what the winter will look like, but I think we would expect to put 
a lot of pressure on our competitors as well. So growing by 15% as well, we are going to use the existing volume and 
the new capacity we have to put a lot of pressure on our competitors. But we are giving up for – I daren't say 
[inaudible] I suppose I better say it, a lot of pressure on our competitors over this winter. 

And in terms of aircraft negotiations, well, I think we've – you've heard Airbus publicly state they don't discuss with 
Ryanair. Meanwhile orders are being canceled everyday, volume production is falling and similar things are happening 
at Boeing. We would certainly believe in the next 12 to 18 months there will be a serious opportunity to do an order 
with one or the other. I think Airbus are in a position where they can – they are looking at existing pricing from Boeing 
and I think that has probably scared them off little bit. But I think with production lines empty, a lot of metal on their 
hands, I think there will be a very significant opportunity in the next 12 to 18 months. In terms of... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think especially I would characterize that there is a dialog 
continuing with both Airbus and Boeing. Both of them continue to be, I think in some – and I've said this to Boeing, so 
I'm not breaching any secrets, I think both have been in denial. Our order books are holding up this year well, actually 
they're not, really they are holding up only because you're providing financing for a lot of those deliveries to flakey 
bankrupt airlines. We're really talking about the – we're looking at orders for 2012 onwards. I think they are prepared to 
take a year and see what the world looks like at the end of this year. I think at some point in time they're going to have 
to start putting orders in the book for that – the 2012 timeframe. 

And as we're doing at the moment, say, look we're ready, willing, able to take an order – announce an order maybe two, 
300 aircrafts for that timeframe, whenever you guys want to talk to us. And – but it's not in the moment and I think – I 
would hope we'd start making progress maybe towards the back end of this year when both of them look at their order 
book this year would be less than – might be in double digits rather than two, three or four-digit numbers. So, I think 
dialogue would be how I describe it at the moment rather than negotiation. Then we're in dialogue with both Airbus and 
Boeing. Sorry, Howard. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: In terms of then Greece and Turkey, 
well, I think we've clearly set out that we expect vast bulk of our growth in the next couple of years will come from the 
big five economies of Western Europe. We don't see any change in that. We have looked, obviously we've had a – I 
suppose a fishing expedition down to Greece and Turkey and other destinations, but the reality is that we have more 
than enough growth to cope with in the big five economies in Western Europe. You saw the map we had earlier on in 
terms of number of destinations that we now cover, we've 800 plus routes; we've over 140 airports that we already fly 


to. So, there is tremendous opportunity, even just linking up the dots in some of the places we already fly to, a lot of 
airports have lost a lot of capacity in destinations that we already fly to and they are making us unprecedented offers. 
So, Greece and Turkey, interesting, somewhat down the line. The main focus is the big five economies of Western 
Europe. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's likely though you will see some developments from us 
in the Greek and Turkish markets in the next 12 or 18 months, but really only from somewhere like Germany. The 
problem for us with those countries is the sector [inaudible] in places like the UK or from Ireland are very long and you 
don't get a corresponding yield. You don't get three or four times the average yield for a three and four-hour sectors 
down there. So it's not where our focus of growth would be. I think as Howard says our focus of growth would still be 
in the big fives and in the Central European countries for the next 12 or 24 months. But you'll undoubtedly see some 
developments into Greece and Turkey, but probably from the German bases where there is some kind of affinity there 
or there are less significant emigrant patterns between – certainly between Germany and Turkey. And [inaudible] 
Germany to Greece are a lot smaller -- might be some Italy, Greece flights as well. 

Andrew? 

<Q - Andrew Light>: Oh, yeah. Andrew Light from Citi. Well, just on that point, you say growth in the top five 
economies, yet you've only got one base in France and three in Germany and even one of those isn't in Germany. 
Would you expect to develop more bases in those countries, particularly, France over the next couple of years? And 
then secondly, could you just remind me what your outstanding aircraft options are at the moment? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. I mean we are pretty much indifferent as to where the 
growth will come from. What we do is – we are not the drivers of our growth. We allow airport competition to 
determine where we select the next base or where we'll select the next airport. Frankly at this point in time Germany is 
proving to be a remarkably robust area of growth for us. We now have bases in Bremen, in Düsseldorf, Pisa, Frankfurt 
Hahn, and as you see the German airline is cutting back capacity, Air Berlin is in deep financial trouble. Lufthansa is 
cutting back capacity. A lot of that kind of growth, in four or five years you get Germanwings and Hapag Lloyd 
Express, every bloody German is setting up a low fares airline. 

They've all disappeared in much the same way they have in the UK, and much the same way this year you're seeing 
them all fold in Spain, and we're seeing a lot of growth there. So – but we're agonistic about where – there is no 
geographic imperative on us to grow in any particular country. We've always been very disciplined about this. We've 
never – unlike easyJet who tend to rush into a – there is a gap in an airport like Gatwick, let's go ahead and grab all the 
Gatwick slots, and they find two years later, [expletive] Gatwick's a very expensive airport, we can't make any money 
here. 

We are always quite happy to let the easyJets run around and do all the high cost stuff and we wait, we have the 
discipline. We grow wherever the airport costs are lowest and where we can guarantee 25-minute turnarounds and we 
know that in time even those airports who have easyJet as a client like the Bristols, the Belfast and Liverpools, they all 
come back to Ryanair in two or three-years' time when they realize that actually easyJet after doing a few European 
capital cities and the Spanish charter destinations don't really deliver you any sustained growth. They need Ryanair to 
deliver the real growth. So we have the advantage of knowing they'll come to us anyway. 

In terms of options, at this point in time we're down to – we have only ten options left. Of the aircrafts that are not now 
financed, we have 43 aircrafts, well, actually net aircraft, we have 33 net firm aircraft deliveries and 10 options, which 
is for the year-ended FY March '12. They come up for – I think we've got to confirm those by the end of this year, FY 
'10, two years in advance, and I would be very – you could take it that we'll be confirming those options when they fall 
due for confirmation. So we would expect at this point in time that the fleet by the FY March '12 would be about just 
over 300 units. We don't expect to see any significant aircraft sales in the next year or two. 

That market has collapsed as we knew it would, which is why we were selling out the aircraft like bandits 12 months 
ago while the market was kind of honking warning. We're very happy we don't want to sell any more aircrafts, we need 
these aircraft for our own growth. But remember, we're adding these aircrafts now at phenomenally weak dollar prices, 


at remarkably low-cost financing, really stunningly low-cost financing. This is the time we are taking in these very 
cheap aircrafts with very low-cost financing, we're locking away an unbeatable cost base here for the next five or seven 
years taking advantage of the present downturn. 

Anybody else? Yes, sir. 
<Q>: I have two or three questions, please. The first one is, if we look at the revenue capacity of €50, does that include 


all the costs and charges and so on – sorry, airport – sorry, to the point you're the passenger, is that the total of what 
they pay? 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Pardon me? 
<Q>: The €50 revenue per passenger? 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Exclusive of the taxes. 
<Q>: Okay. 
<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: It excludes the government taxes like 


the tourist taxes... 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: APD. 
<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Or APD here in the UK [inaudible]. 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Because that's a flow-through... 
<Q>: So it includes everything? 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: It includes everything, the passenger pays. 
<Q>: Okay. Sorry, the passenger will pay – if it's €50 of revenue average they'll pay is 60, is that right? 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: If they're traveling out of the UK, for example, our UK airline 


where they have a departure tax, yes. 
<Q>: Yeah. Okay. And then you are going to introduce the new £5 or €5 booking fee? 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: The web check-in fee, yeah. 
<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Which will be paid by about 60% of 


passengers. Remember, it's not – or it's wrapped into – any of our promotional fares which are 10 quid or below, which 


we sell about 40% of our tickets at that, they include – the web check-in fee is part of those promotional fares. 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: And also we had an airport check-in fee, which just closed. So it's 
not going to do anything for average fare, if I think that's your question. 


<Q>: The average fare of 40 will remain 40 even with the new.... 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We would expect – well, the average fare 40 is going to fall to 32 
if our – the yields fall by 20% in the next 12 months. That fare will include the web check-in fee, yeah. 
<Q>: Okay. Thanks. And there are two questions – on the fuel hedging, I remember at some point in the last year you 


were debating whether or not it's worth hedging at all, you obviously – so I'm interested in your policy now that you are 


hedging. 
<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Our policy on the fuel hedging is to be 
opportunistic, and generally speaking take some contrarian positions. We resolutely refused to hedge last year when oil 
went to $140 a barrel, when everybody else was hedging at 100, 125, 110. We felt oil wouldn't sustain at these kind of 
levels. We've been proved right. And – but there is no policy here. It's very difficult to have a policy about fuel hedging 


because we know nobody knows where oil prices are going to be. What we – the decision process this time around was, 
look, our comparables are last year 125 – up to $125 a barrel. We can now walk away this year at kind of 60 – $620 a 
ton or about $62 a barrel. There's [inaudible] lock in those kinds of enormous cost savings. 

What's our view for Q4 at the moment? If we could lock away Q4 at the moment at under $500 a barrel we will do so, 
but at the moment it's up around 600 – starting $500 a ton, at the moment it's up around $630 a ton. And so, again, we'll 
be opportunistic. The difficulty for us and – I think one of the increasing difficulties of fuel hedging, and I'm of the 
view that actually we should – if we ever do have a policy on fuel hedging, it would be to simply say we're not going to 
fuel hedge ever, which is what they do in the States. Most of the airlines don't hedge in the States. So wherever oil will 
be, oil will be. The market is getting much steamier for fuel hedging. 

There are fewer players in the market. Therefore it's known, generally speaking, when you're out buying, particularly 
our kind of volumes and we tend to drive the price against ourselves anyway, I think increasingly also the – if you look 
at most of our competitors, I don't think they are acceptable as kind of a counterparty risk to a lot of the fuel hedging 
market as well. I think ultimately the airlines in Europe will cease hedging fuel, will simply – wherever oil prices will 
be that's what we will pay. And as oil prices spike upwards you will find BA, Lufthansa, Air France slap up the fuel 
surcharges again, our yields are probably rising behind theirs and when oil prices are falling fares will come back 
down. 

<Q>: So taking the competition, what is the reason why you're still hedging? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We're hedging now because we can lock in enormous cost savings 
over our oil prices for last year, and give the market some certainty as what our earnings would be in the next 12 
months and also give us enormous headroom in terms of being able to go out in a year when we know easyJet, 
Lufthansa, BA, Air France are hedged at very much higher rates than us. We can go out and be aggressive on pricing 
and drive down pricing because we've secured the cost base for the next 12 months. 

<Q>: Okay. And on carbon taxes, can you remind us – I've forgotten what the safe play is that – will they come in and 
what would be the cost for the airline? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I've forgotten what the safe play is myself on carbon taxes. The 
EU is still rabbiting on about carbon taxes from about 2012 or 2013 onwards, don't [inaudible] what effect the current 
recession will have on us, although I suspect as Air France, BA, Lufthansa continue to bleed money in the next 12 
months. So, the European governments will now be a little bit less concerned about environmental taxes and worrying 
about the environment and deal with real issues like unemployment and recession. I suspect at this recession, 
particularly if it's deep and dark, we'll postpone environmental taxes for a number of years as European governments 
spend more time worrying about unemployment and revolution on the streets, which is exactly as it should be. 
Environmental taxes are always the byproduct of economic periods of growth where the middle-class have [inaudible] 
else to do except chatter on about the bloody global warming. They will find it was all in all nonsense just as in the 
1970s global freezing was also nonsense. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Anybody else. Who is next? 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: Yeah, it's Edward Stanford, a very quick one. You announced I think about 200 new routes 
last year. Could you give some flavor, if at all, how many routes you pulled back from which were uneconomic to do? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We closed in total last year about – just under 40 routes, about 37. 
Most of those, by the way, of those 37 routes were actually profitable. They were closed though because the airport 
refused to reduce cost during the winter or there was a handler – there was a problem with security at one airport and 
we had problems with Valencia, for example, where we closed the base in Valencia. I think we closed about seven 
routes where the government which had promised to give us a fair share of marketing funds awarded 100% of the 
marketing funds to a local dog called Air Nostrum, which doesn't deliver any visitors to Valencia. 


Ryanair got none of the kitty, so we closed the base. Valencia's traffic is now down 35% year-to-date in Spain. It's one 
of the biggest traffic collapses. And the Minister who awarded – you see Valencia their minus 27%, the Minister who 
was appropriately named [inaudible] is now up in the local court for – on corruption charges for her ties to Air 
Nostrum. Eventually, the good – the politicians get exactly what they deserve, which is the boot. Now we hope Gordon 
Brown and the Irish politicians who introduced these stupid tourist taxes and [inaudible] tourist taxes will follow the 
same way. 

We cannot – in a competitive market base, in a recession, this idea that tourists don't mind paying 10 quid for the rights 
to visit our rainy islands is just absurd. They do mind paying it. If tourists didn't mind paying 10 quid extra, I promise 
you, Ryanair would have the 10 quid off them in [inaudible] time. They do mind, and the UK and Ireland are the only 
two remaining islands, they are also the two islands with the [expletive] weather. So if anybody shouldn't be levying 
taxes it's the UK and Ireland. 

Wyn? 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Wyn Ellis from Numis again. Just a very quick one for Howard. In terms of the guidance what tax 
charge are you assuming for this year? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: 10%. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: 10%. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Anybody else? 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

No? Okay, folks, thank you very much for your time. As said, we have the conference call today. I think it's 2.30 on the 
conference call. And you have the dial-in numbers, and if not they are on the website. We're also on the full-year 
results road show. I am in London most of this week. Howard's in London today, tomorrow and then in Europe, and 
Michael Cawley. And few other road show teams are covering the US. So I'm [inaudible] see you at some stage over 
the week. 

Thank you for your time. Any follow-up questions, please feel free to talk with myself and Howard. Thank you very 
much everybody. Bye-bye. 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


