Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Stephen Furlong 
• John Mattimoe 
• Jim Parker 
• Joe Gill 
• Wyn Ellis 
• Jonathan Wober 
• Neil Glynn 
• Eamonn Hughes 
• Bob McAdoo 
• Jarrod Castle 
• Johannes Braun 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ryanair Q3 Results Conference Call. My name is Dave and 
I'll be your coordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the call, you will be on listen-only. However, at the 
end of the call, you will have the opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. 

I'm now handing you over to Michael O'Leary, CEO to begin today's conference. Thank you. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Hey, good morning – or good afternoon, everyone. Very welcome to the Q3 conference call. The press release, slide 
presentation, and the MD&A is all up on the website, ryanair.com, just click onto the Investor Relations page. 

I will kick off with the normal format. Today, we announced a Q3 loss of €11 million, down from a loss of 102 in Q3 
last year. Revenues were up 1% to 612 million, as a 14% traffic growth was largely offset by a 12% decline in average 
fare. Unit cost fell by 23%; excluding fuel, they fell by 4% despite a 3% increase in sector length. 

The Q3 loss of 11 million, while disappointing, was significantly better than last year's Q3 number. The result was 
distorted by a 37% fall in fuel cost, which offset a 12% decline in average fare. 

The yield fall of 12% was better-than-anticipated due to an improved mix of new routes and bases this winter, and deep 
cuts in high-cost, loss-making winter capacity at high-cost airports such as Dublin and Stansted. 

Ancillary revenues grew by 6% in the quarter, slower than the growth of passenger volumes due to changes in 
consumer behavior. Over the past few months, we witnessed a demise of a number of other flaky European airlines and 
we expect further casualties this winter. 


We're increasing market share particularly where we compete with the big three, Air France, BA and Lufthansa. 
Conditions remained difficult, although the increasing pace of consolidation closures across Europe ally to Ryanair's 
continuing fleet expansion will lead to further significant market share gains this year where we are adding capacity 
particularly in Italy, Scandinavia, Spain and the U.K. 

Our commitment to lower cost has resulted in unit cost, excluding fuel, falling by 4% in the quarter despite a 3% 
increase in average sector length and underlying unit cost reduction of 7%, which is terrific performance and one we're 
very proud of. 

Fuel cost fell by 37% to 207 million, reflecting the benefit of lower oil prices and we've recently extended our hedging 
for next fiscal year with 90% in the first three quarters and 25% in Q4, that is the first calendar quarter of 2011, now 
hedged at $720 per ton. 

Capacity cuts by many of Europe's flight carriers has led to traffic falls at most EU airports. This has created 
opportunity for us to grow, as many of these airports compete vigorously against each other to persuade Ryanair to 
expand there. 

This aggressive competition has resulted in our airport and handling cost per passenger falling by 11%. This is a 
number which many other airlines claim is an uncontrollable cost, although we managed to reduce it by 11%. Despite 
cost increase at Dublin and Stansted, we will continue to launch more of these new low-cost routes and bases over the 
coming year. 

Despite the recession, airports monopolies like the BAA and the DAA continue to abuse their power. The sale of 
Gatwick will lead to much needed competition in the London market. However, the recent decision by the U.K. 
Competition Appeals Tribunal will regrettably delay the sale of Stansted and one of the BAA's Scottish airports. 

These disposals, as recommended by the Competition Commissioner, are necessary and urgent in order to increase 
competition and ensure a better deal for consumers by lowering costs and delivering more-efficient facilities at the 
London Airports, in particular where years of monopoly ownership and regulation by those hapless idiots in the CAA 
have repeatedly failed. 

In Dublin, the total failure of the Irish government's transport policy, which now involves nothing other than protecting 
the DAA Airport monopoly at all cost, is finally being exposed. 

Last, government [inaudible] – the government imposed a €10 tourist tax on all flights from Ireland. Traffic at Dublin 
Airport promptly collapsed by over three million passengers last year, a decline of over 13% during a year in which 
Ryanair, Ireland's largest airline, grew traffic by 7 million. This kind of nails the government's claim that it's an 
international phenomenon, it isn't; it's an Irish phenomenon on one of government's mismanagement. 

Instead of responding to this collapse in an intelligent way by scrapping tourist taxes and lowering airport costs as 
many other EU governments have, the Irish Department of Transport have responded by ordering, yes, I know it's hard 
to believe, but they've actually ordered the supposedly independent Aviation Regulator to approve a 40% increase in 
Dublin Airport's price cap over the coming 12 months. 

The DAA have last week announced their retention to price right up to this cap. So, in the middle of a recession, with 
their traffic falling around their ears, they are going to increase charges by 40% over the coming 12 months. The 
Department of Transport seems to believe this cost increase during a deep recession will compensate their favorite 
airport monopoly for its 13% traffic loss last year, and will allow these half of the incompetent Dublin Airport 
Authority to recover the 1.2 billion they've now wasted on Terminal 2 and its associated facilities, which they had 
originally promised to deliver for between "170 million to 200 million". This crazy policy of a tourist tax and a huge 
increase in airport fees at a time when airports all over Europe are reducing their fees will inevitably lead to another 
year of double-digit traffic collapse at the Irish airports in 2010. 

As Ireland's tourism industry is devastated by this government policy of raising taxes and raising cost to protect a 
bankrupt airport monopoly. The combined capacity of Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 when it's eventually opened in late 


2010 will exceed 50 million passengers per annum, which gives rise to excess capacity in Dublin of over 60% based on 
the DAA's own traffic forecast of some 20 million this year. We're again calling on the government to mothball this 
white elephant, which will at least eliminate the significant operating cost associated with the opening of T2. However, 
the Irish government's crazy tourist tax must also be scrapped if Ireland ever wants to return to an era of tourism growth 
and low access costs. 

We confirmed in December that we were terminating our discussions with Boeing for an order of up to 200 aircraft. 
Although we had agreed pricing and delivery dates, Boeing regrettably insisted on trying to change our delivery terms 
and conditions in a manner, which wasn't acceptable to Ryanair. We've no plan to reopen these discussions, and nor are 
there any talks ongoing with Boeing. If there is to be any future agreement on another aircraft order, which I wouldn't 
rule out, it will have to be on materially better terms, than those we were discussing with them, prior to Christmas. 

We however are pursuing now our alternative strategy, which is to confirm the delivery of 112 aircraft between now 
and the end of 2012. This allows us to increase our capacity by some 50% and grow traffic to just over 85 million 
passengers per annum. As a result of this new plan, growth CapEx will fall significantly from 1.2 billion in the current 
fiscal year to about $100 million annually, by the time we get to 2013-14. We expect to generate up to 1 billion of 
surplus cash by the end of calendar 2013, which will then be available for return to shareholders. 

Our Q3 results are marginally ahead of expectations, as a result of a better mix of new routes and bases, which meant 
that yields fell by 12% rather than the up to 20% we had previously feared. We expect this slightly better yield 
performance to continue into Q4, and accordingly, we now believe the full-year yield decline will be closer to 15% 
rather than a decline of 20% as we previously guided. As a consequence, we've now increased our full-year net profit 
guidance to 275 million from the previous target, which was at the lower end of the range of 200 million to 300 million. 

We remain uniquely positioned to benefit from the accelerating pace of airline consolidation and closures in Europe, 
which has led to significant capacity reductions and particularly in the markets in which Ryanair operates. We've 
announced an impressive array of new routes and bases, which are already on sale for fiscal 2011 and expect to grow 
traffic by approximately 10% to 73 million as airports – more and more airports recognize Ryanair's unique ability to 
deliver substantial and sustained traffic growth even during a downturn. 

Despite the depth of the current recession, Ryanair will continue to grow traffic and the profits over the next 12 months, 
while most other airlines lose money, all of it for the benefit of our passengers, our people, and our shareholders. 

I'll now hand you to Howard Millar, who'll take you through the MD&A – summary of MD&A. Howard? 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Okay. Thanks, Michael. And on the details – we have a detailed analysis of the MD&A in the release. I'll just deal with 
the summary for the quarter only. There were no exceptional items in the quarter ended December 31, 2009. Whilst we 
had an exceptional item in the quarter ended December 31, 2008, which amounted to 17.3 million in relation to 
accelerated depreciation on the aircraft to be disposed in financial years 2009 and '10. As a result, adjusted loss after 
tax decreased by €90 million to €10.9 million, primarily due to lower fuel costs, partially offset by 12% decline in 
average fares. 

Total operating revenues increased by 1% to €611.9 million as average fares fell by 12% due to recession price 
promotions, the adverse impact of the movement of the euro/sterling exchange rate, and a decline in ancillary revenues 
per passenger which was offset by a 14% increase in passenger numbers. 

Fuel which represents 34% of total operating cost compared to 47% in the prior period comparative, decreased by 37% 
to 206.6 million, due to the fall in the price per gallon paid, offset by an increase in the number of hours flown. Unit 
costs excluding fuel fell by 4%, despite a 3% increase in average sector length; and including fuel, they fell by 23%. 
Operating margin, as a result, was marginally above breakeven, which was an improvement of 15 points during the 
quarter, whilst operating profit increased by 93.3 million to 1.4 million. 


Turning to the balance sheet, total cash and cash equivalents remained strong at 2.439 billion. The Group generated 
cash from operating activities of 409.2 million and a further 93.3 million delivery proceeds on the sale of four Boeing 
737-800 aircraft and the sale of two spare engines, which partially funded capital expenditure incurred during the 
period. 

Capital expenditure amounted to 593.5 million and largely consisted of advanced aircraft payments for future aircraft 
deliveries and the delivery of 32 new Boeing 737-800 aircraft during the nine months. Total debt, net of repayments, 
increased by 242.1 million during the period to 2.640 billion. Net debt at period end was €200.8 million. 

Shareholders' equity at December 31, 2009 increased by 370.7 million to 2.8 billion compared to the previous year 
ended 31st of March, due to the impact of IFRS accounting treatment for derivative financial assets, stock option 
grants, the profit of 362.6 million in the period and the issue of new shares, which amounted to 10.4 million. That's the 
end of that. I'll now pass it back to Michael. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, Howard. Thank you very much. Okay, and we will open up to questions and answers now. Before we do, if I 
can, I know it's probably a forlorn hope, but I'd like to focus on the Q3 numbers and also the guidance for the full year. 

Please don't ask us what our view is on yields for next year or for the next five years, because we have no visibility 
beyond April and we don't know. And so – but I – we have good visibility now in Q4 and we have a fair handle on 
where we'll be for the year which – so I think you can take today's revised guidance with a high degree of confidence. 
But there is no point in us speculating yet what could happen to yields into next year or the future years. 

We are cutting back capacity at some of the higher-cost airports, Dublin in particular. We are noticing a continuing 
trend of other competitors cutting capacity at airports where we operate, in particular more recently easyJet is now 
closed, the East Midlands base is cutting capacity at Luton where it's not able to compete with Ryanair. Aer Lingus last 
week announced the 355th flip-flop over the last 16 years. 

New management introducing the same-old strategy, but its impact on us will be capacity cuts in Belfast, which will be 
to our benefit, capacity cuts in Gatwick and they are now following the same hybrid strategy pioneered successfully 
over the years by people like British Midlands and Air Berlin following this. It's not a low-fare airline and it's not a 
high-service airline, it's some in-between. It's an airline but not as we know it. Doomed to failure again, but God bless 
them and all who sail with them. 

So, if we can confine the questions please to Q3 numbers and the Q4 full-year guidance, I'd appreciate and then we get 
through as quickly as we can and then when we get to the full-year road show which will be at the full-year results in 
the first week of June, we'll have a better handle on where we think yields are going to be. I think the general themes 
for next year is the sector length. If you look at the spread of new bases, in particular, this winter, the Canary Islands, 
new bases in Malaga and Faro, I think you will see a slight creep in sector length over the next 12 months, but there 
should be – that should have an upward impact on yields. Yields will also be favorably impacted by the withdrawal of 
capacity by people like easyJet and Aer Lingus who can't compete with Ryanair on costs or on pricing. 

But on the downside, we will still be having a significant fleet expansion this year. We are going for another 10% of 
traffic growth, but which is still very strong growth from Europe's largest passenger airline. So there is a balance 
between the two and a lot of it will depend on the economic environment and the outturn as we move through summer. 
But really, we've no visibility, so anything dealing with at this stage is just guess work. 

Okay, anybody have any questions? 

Q&A 

Operator 


Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. First question is from Stephen Furlong from Davy. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Yeah, hi, Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Stephen. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Two questions, please. Just might ask to comment, please, on sector length and particularly 
this winter with the Canaries routes, obviously the sector length went up there obviously but – so maybe that leads to 
higher cost, but maybe they are more attractive, particularly in the winter from a revenue perspective. 

And the second question, and I remember about a year ago, T-minus one month, you moved up the percentage of 
bookings you had in place, I remember from, say, 80 to 82%, so you had more bookings in place, presumably a weaker 
yields from I think or normally you used to be at 80%. And I'm just wondering would you go back to the 80% or you 
find that the 82% is the way to be going forward. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Thanks, Steven. I wasn't sure what the question was about 
sector length. But I mean, I think to the extent that – if you look at next – this summer's allocation of bases, the good 
news by the way is the Spanish government has now extended the 100% discount deal on the Canary Islands route for – 
I think it's either two or three years, which means those routes which look like they were going to be a winter-only 
operation, but now continue for a minimum period of two or three years, whatever is the extension that – whatever tied 
into that extension on that deal. 

I think you are likely to see in the next 12 months sector length probably grow by – maybe 5% would be a useful kind 
of a starting point. Again, we still have – as the presentation demonstrates, we have 11 aircraft yet to allocate for – 
related to this summer peak and so a lot will depend – the final number will depend on where they get allocated either 
to existing bases or to new bases and where those new bases are, and there're still a number of airports bidding for 
them. 

But I think again, if there is one message that investors should take out of today's numbers is the fact that with a 3% 
increase in sector length last year, we still delivered, excluding fuel, which is kind of a once-off, we've delivered a 4% 
reduction in unit cost, which is an amazing cost performance, particularly when you look around at competitors like 
easyJet – well, I mean, you wouldn't really call easyJet our latest competitors of ours, but they claim to be low-cost 
airline and their unit costs are rising. And yet, we with a much lower unit cost and much lower price point are taking 
seven – effectively, you adjust it for sector length, 7% out of our unit costs. 

And in terms of bookings, yes, it's been our policy for the last 12 months to run with a slightly more aggressive 
forward-booking profile, and that was just, particularly as you move into the winter looking at the – we didn't want to 
get caught undersold and find that there were some shock to the system. 

I think our view as we move into the summer now would be to maybe let that pare back to kind of 80% on a rolling 
basis and there is a balance to be struck here between maintaining our growth, maintaining our load factors. Our load 
factors have kind of risen by 1% over the year, that wasn't our objective. We may have slightly over or underpriced in 
the last 12 months, and remember though where we can exert some upward pressure on pricing in the next 12 months, I 
think we would do it or try to do it, particularly out of Dublin where – at the Irish airports where this – you have a crazy 
combination. 

Even before we get paid, we have to pay the government €10 departure tax and their bankrupt airport monopoly gets 
€15. So, basically, there is an Irish government tax at €25 before you leave the country or before we even get paid 
should I leave the country. But again in those markets where we are expanding capacity, and I would say Faro and 
Malaga, you will see a dramatic decline in fares out of those markets, because for the first time, say, the Irish 
marketplace, we would be massively undercutting Aer Lingus' high fares on places like Faro, Malaga, Alicante. We'll 
be doing the same to easyJet. Some of those other markets where they have high fares, we will go and explore that. But 
I would just say that the average fares in those markets will be compared to Ryanair's average higher than our average, 
but it will be significantly lower than the high fares being charged by easyJet, Aer Lingus and others in those markets. 


<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Okay. That's great, Michael. So presumably, what I meant by in the sector length, 
presumably even though longer sectors perhaps lead to more cost, you're obviously doing it because you consider the 
commercial opportunity is there in those markets. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think there is a balance to be struck. I mean we're not doing 
because we think there is some unique commercial opportunity. Everybody is – We keep listening to this nonsense that 
the mother lode – the golden goose is the Irish airports and we make so much money in the Irish airports that 
[inaudible] everything else. It's usually the opposite is the case. The Irish routes are the least profitable routes we have 
because they are the highest-cost ones. Whereas this year, we would overtake Iberia to become Spain's largest airline. 
We have to have a presence we believe in airports like Malaga if we're going to continue to build out the footprints in 
Spain. 

Portugal is an obvious area of expansion for us. We've a very successful base now in Porto, the Portuguese Airports 
Authority, ANA, are delighted with the kind of – the demonstration of what we can deliver to a small airport like Porto. 
They now want us to deliver that in Faro as well. 

So again, as in all things, our choice and selection of base is not because we think we can get high yields in those bases. 
The choices and the selection is based on where we have low airport costs, efficient operating facilities and now in 
Spain and Portugal increasingly where we're allowed to self-handle so that we're not raped by the Iberia local handling 
monopoly or the TAP local handling monopoly. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: That's great, Michael. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Everything, all of our expansion is always driven with a cost focus. 
I've seen the presentations recently from easyJet and Aer Lingus waffling on about their yield management and how 
great their yields are. But you look underneath it and it's all, I think skills to cover up rising and uncontrollable cost. So, 
the last of the slide in the Aer Lingus thing where they claim that airport costs are uncontrollable, I don't understand 
why. But then we would never put up the white flag on an airport. We've been campaigning against Dublin airport cost 
for 20 years, maybe Aer Lingus because their government's controlled campaign in the same vigorous way we can, but 
maybe they should try to be a bit more successful. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: All right. Thanks, Steven. 

Operator 

Our next question is from John Mattimoe from Merrion Stockbrokers. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Hey, good afternoon. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: John, hi. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Michael, could I just ask in relation to the winter unit performance in the current winter, it's 
obviously coming in better than you previously guided or declining less than you previously guided. How much of that 
variance do you think is down to the actions you've taken in terms of the routes and bases you have selected for launch 
this winter and the capacity reductions on the higher-cost airports and how much of it might be attributed to maybe the 
consumer being less aggressively price sensitive than they had been if at all or is there any sign of any demand – that 
the demand of green shoots emerging? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: [inaudible] the revenues are subjective here, John, it's impossible 
for us to know how much of it is due to consumer sentiment. There is – I would ascribe most of the better-than-forecast 
yield performance to our decision this year to significantly cut out capacity at Stansted and Dublin where you have very 
high cost at very – but with very low fares and yields during the winter. 


I think that has helped us no end to manage the yields and significantly reduce – we've taken airport costs down 11%. 
There is a – new bases, particularly the Canary Islands this winter have paid a significant – have had a significant 
impact on that although their sector lengths are very long, so they have a correspondingly relatively high cost. 

And I will put not most of it down to a better – the economic environment or consumer sentiment, but I mean no, that's 
only my subjective view. We have no empirical evidence for it. I think the demand out there is still relatively weak. I 
think consumer confidence remains low. But I think the real driver is – the great thing about a recession in consumer 
confidence is everybody gets price focused or price obsessed, and Ryanair simply dominates the industry. In any 
market where there is a price obsession, we win. 

I think that's reflected in easyJet's closure of these Midlands base, the Dortmund base last year, cutting back capacity at 
Luton. They are just not able to compete with Ryanair's comps or our prices. And the same you see happening with Aer 
Lingus, which is why I think you get more of these kind of – the latest lurch away from – there is a – I think the phrase 
last week was there is no future for low fares, which gives you all you need to – tells you all you need to know about 
the management [inaudible] in Aer Lingus and God bless them. The more capacity they take out of our markets, I think 
it's a sense of a strategy from their point of view. They don't have the cost base to be able to compete with us, so you 
are better off to run rather than stand and fight, because if you stand and fight, you'll get killed. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. Thanks, Michael. And just the second question was just in relation to the average sector 
length. And just if it does run at plus 5% say in the next financial year, against that backdrop, would you be hopeful 
you can sustain your non-fuel unit costs declining at around four or 5%? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No. four or 5%, that would be too aggressive. I think if you strip 
out fuel next year, if sector length goes up by 5%, I think we'd be looking at maybe a – the unit cost length will 
probably be flat, it might be slightly up, it could be – will certainly be a couple percentage points better than the sector 
length. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. If I follow... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: So if sector length goes up 5%, I think our unit cost target would 
be something zero to close to two. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. So it's kind of sector length minus... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Two, it will be close to, yeah. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, like-for-like, we'd still be taking – unit cost, we would still 
expect to fall three or maybe 4%. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. On a sector length adjusted... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: On a sector length adjusted non-fuel basis. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. That's great. Thanks for that. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Your next question is from Jim Parker from Raymond James. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Michael and Howard, good afternoon. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Jim. 


<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Good afternoon, Jim. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Regarding ancillaries per passenger, of course, they have been down. Going forward, I believe that 
you have your own debit card or credit card, you were hurt – I think you were negatively impacted by the Visa 
Electron. Can you give us a bit of an update there on ancillaries per passenger, what the trend should be? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think it is important to us – I mean it's very important, I 
mean don't worry too much about ancillaries on a quarterly basis. A, you are talking about a winter quarter where there 
is a general decline in hotels and car hire, anyway, undoubtedly it's impacted by the recession and the impact on 
customer spend. 

But, overall, we have said and I think it's important to remind people, we are in a – have been in a five-year program to 
get ancillaries to 20% of revenues. In the first half – or last year, they ran at about 22% of revenues. They are leveling 
back out, but I think that they will consistently run at or around 20%, I don't worry too much about the... 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: 23% in the quarter. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: They are 23% in the quarter. So – but people shouldn't get too 
hung-up, the ancillaries will continue to be strong. I suspect that they'll level out at the movement without some new 
kind of killer ancillary inside entertainment or gambling or something like that or my quest to charge for toilets, I don't 
think there is going to be any significant movement in ancillary revenues. 

I think the – on a quarterly basis, ancillary performance into Q1 and Q2 of next year – the Q4 ancillary will be slightly 
better as will Q1 and Q2. Easter is at the back end of Q4 and the front end of Q1, that generally, you see an upward 
spike in our higher-end hotels anyway. So while the 6% number looks weak in the quarter, don't get too hung-up on the 
quarterly analysis, because over the full year, we are still ahead of our target for 20% of revenues. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: All right, one other question. Can you tell us what your pre-delivery deposits are? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, we don't get into that figure. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: We don't provide that detail, but it's a 
fairly significant number, Jim, as you could imagine. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We are at the peak of our CapEx this year and into next year, and 
then it starts to fall off or tail back very dramatically. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Jim. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Joe Gill from Bloxham. Please go ahead. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: [inaudible]. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Thanks very much, guys and three questions on easyJet. They noted in the last set of numbers that they 
were taking a winter hit of about 16 million due to weather-related factors in the quarter ended December and quarter 
ending March, and are you having any impact whatsoever and should we take that into account in terms of numbers 
you've actually produced and the full-year guidance? 

And secondly, in relation to the FX impact in terms of both cost and revenues, could you give us some sense of what 
impact that had in Q3? And finally, the new CEO of Gatwick is quoted today saying that he wants to encourage other 
airlines into Gatwick. Would you ever seriously consider having a serious tilt at Gatwick? Thanks. 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, Jim. Thanks. First, on the winter, the snow disruption, I am 
not sure what happened. I mean, we did suffer, obviously as did many other airlines, significant snow disruptions in 
Ireland and the UK. For some reasons though, Stansted wasn't quite as badly affected as Gatwick or we – certainly, we 
got the impression that easyJet kind of threw in the towel as did Aer Lingus, while we kept most of our operations 
going. Now, we have a small financial impact in the quarter, but it's immaterial. It's nothing of the order of 16 million, 
it wouldn't even be – I doubt if it's even a million or two, but we completed about 80% of our program anyway and 
maintained our number one punctuality. So I don't know, I think they're maybe just threatening about their cost 
problems and looking for excuses, we don't do that. 

On the new CEO of Gatwick, yes, I think it bears out what we've been saying for a number of years on airport 
competition. We were to the fore in leading to the breakup of the BAA monopoly. A lot of so-called analysts and 
experts said it wouldn't make any difference; it is already making a difference. I think the new owners of Gatwick are 
determined to grow the business. Would we look at Gatwick? I think we would if we could get a significant number of 
morning slots. They are not available at the moment and there was a cost deal there that made it worth our while. And – 
but at the moment, the UK is not a [inaudible], but with the exception of some of the [inaudible], London isn't a market 
for major growth for us, it's equally as bad as Ireland with the UK APD up at 11 quid and the airport costs are high. 

We do believe if Stansted – if the Competition Commission stands its ground and pushes forward the breakup of 
Stansted and its Scottish airports, I think you will see – we have already offered to double our traffic at Stansted if we 
get a new low-cost second terminal, which we'll be happy to co-fund on a long-term low-cost arrangement. So we think 
there's lots of growth there. 

I'd be suspicious. I mean, unless someone like British Airways announced they were giving up on Gatwick and wanted 
to give us their slot, so that we could go and beat the crap out of easyJet, I doubt that we will get a lot of slots at 
Gatwick. We have grown the business in Gatwick over the last 12 months. I think the new bases in Faro and Alicante, 
Malaga, you would see us connect a lot more flights back into Gatwick, but it won't be those – kind of that morning – 
the congested morning peak. It'd be in the afternoon and the evenings when Gatwick is empty most of the time anyway. 

So Gatwick is not – I'd far rather be expanding this summer in the Canary Islands, in Faro and Malaga where you have 
a much bigger – 11 – ten, 11 months of the year marketplace than Gatwick, where yes you could win and blow up 
easyJet and Aer Lingus and some of these other mid-priced carriers, but it's not a big issue for us. I think as long as the 
Gatwick wants to encourage us to grow with price incentives, then we'll grow there, but I am not sure they really want 
us to go in and slaughter easyJet, which I think would be the inevitable consequence of a rapid expansion by Ryanair at 
Gatwick. And Howard, what's the answer to the FX question? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, on revenues, about an impact of 
negative 2%, but positive about 1.5% in unit cost. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Joe. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Wyn Ellis from Numis. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Yes. Hi, good afternoon, just two quick questions from me. Just on yield, could you split down, I 
think, the 12% fall in the quarter? How much do you think was due to the higher tourist taxes in Dublin? How much do 
you think was due to the currency movement, which I guess Howard has just answered but – and also, how much you 
think was due to sort of other factors, can you break it down? 

And the second question I had was just – I guess to go a little further on the question of the FX impact on cost and 
revenues, what proportion of your costs now are in euros, dollars and in sterling and the same for revenue, what 
proportion comes from euro and what proportion is sterling? 


<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. Just to talk then on sterling, 
about 25% of our cost base is in sterling. In terms of revenues, it's closer to 30%, about 29% on sterling revenues. Fuel, 
as you saw on our note, well, represents about [inaudible] 40% of our cost obviously that's almost exclusively dollar 
based. We do have an element of other costs in dollars, obviously the aircraft which we've hedged out would obviously 
and so an element of depreciation and maintenance. So I guess 45% of our cost base or probably slightly higher will be 
on dollars, and about 25% on sterling and then the balance in euros. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: And Wyn, I think like it's impossible to split down the yield. We 
can give you kind of the – there is three broad themes I would give you. One, it's our significant capacity reductions, 
particularly at Stansted and at Dublin, where we have high, flat per passenger cost during the winter and very low yield. 
We took Dublin capacity down by almost 40% from last summer and similar in Stansted. 

The other thing I think though was the shift of some of that capacity into a new market like the Canary Islands which 
have been a fantastic success for us this winter, particularly because we – we only went in there when we got 100% 
rebate from the Spanish Government. So while these are long sector lengths during the winter, they are high load 
factor, good yields, but with a terrific cost base, one that we would hope to – we'll maintain out over the [audio gap] 
and I think the other key feature has been the extent to which a competitor capacity has been cut, particularly in 
markets where they were trying to compete with us and that's a combination of the whole string of airlines, the Sky 
Europe, Flyglobespan in Scotland going bust. Air France, Alitalia, Lufthansa, SN Brussels and BA Iberia cutting 
capacity in markets where they clearly don't want to compete with us anymore. And also the easyJet and Aer Lingus of 
this world cutting the – closing bases in East Midland and cutting capacity at Gatwick, in Belfast, places like that. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: And Charter, the Charter impact is also 
very... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: And the Charter capacity has been taken out of the market this 
winter. We think that will continue. One of the reasons we've announced another big cutback of flights in Dublin this 
summer, but we're going to increase, take some of that capacity during the three peak summer months of June, July and 
August and we're almost doubling up our capacity to summer -some destinations wherein previous years, Aer Lingus 
have had a quasi-monopoly, charging high fares to Faro, Malaga, Alicante, Nice, places like that. We're going to go in 
and swamp those markets for the three months of the summer and make sure that Irish consumers aren't ripped off by 
Aer Lingus' high fares. We'll offer them low fares although sadly, they'll get screwed by the Irish government's tourist 
tax and the DAA's price increases. 

But to get down into how much of the 12% is accounted for by the cutback in capacity at Dublin and the Irish traffic, 
the Dublin – Ireland now accounts for less than 15% of our traffic. So it will be – any one thing like that will be a small 
figure. It's really much more broad-brush, market capacity cutbacks because of capacity cuts and bankruptcies, our 
paring of high-cost capacity at Dublin and Stansted, our expansion into relatively good-yielding, low-cost markets at 
Canary Islands and then the likes of easyJet and Aer Lingus raising the white flag following their hybrid – wonderful 
hybrid strategy in getting out of the way. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Wyn. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Jonathan Wober from Société Générale. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Thanks very much. And three questions, please. Firstly, on your long-term target to double 
profit, I noticed in your slide pack that you've made a couple of significant changes. It appears you've pushed it back a 
further year to FY '13. Is it still 2007, that's the base year? And you've also added some conditions to it – some caveats 


that it's subject to '07 fuel and yield levels, doesn't those conditions make it somewhat meaningless? I mean, 10% per 
annum yield increases, I think you'd need to get back to 2007 yields. That's the first question. 

Second question, is your guidance for unit costs ex-fuel for the current year still down 5%? And thirdly, – and just 
maybe one for Howard, on working capital movement, historically you've tended to go from a negative movement at 
the interim stage to a significant positive at the year-end, is that still the outlook for this year? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we [inaudible] the positive fare 
throughout the year, Jonathan, and so I'm not really sure what your question is. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Well, looking at – for the cash flow statement? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Certainly, if you look at the half-year 
there, we generated 409 million from net cash from operating activities. We would expect cash to continue to rise as we 
move towards the end of this year. We did... 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: I'm not talking about cash movement overall, I'm talking about the specific items that go into 
working capital? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Yes, but that's comprised of largely the 
movement on unearned, which is the single biggest mover within that category. So, if we take the – what we expect to 
happen by the end of this year, we expect cash – net cash will rise between now and the end of the year. I think we've 
been talking in the guidance of about 2.7 or a shade over 2.7 billion as our cash position by the end of the year. Our 
debt position, as we said a couple of weeks ago, is likely to run slightly more negative than that. And we would expect 
the 200 million that we have at this point to rise to about 250, maybe 275, and that's really based on the fact that we 
have a lot of deliveries running into the fourth quarter. 

Of course, as you pointed rightly, I suppose I think you're trying to highlight that obviously does reflect some positive 
movement in terms of the unearned income. I would expect to see that particularly as we have Easter in the first quarter 
of next year. So that would help boost the working capital situation. And in terms of unit cost... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Let me take – the unit cost – the guidance on unit cost for the year 
is down 5%. A, we could be at five, we could be at four. At the moment, we're a tad above 4%, is a rounding thing. We 
are unlikely, I think, at this stage to get to five. It might be about 4.5% for the full year. Some would be distorted again 
by the sector length, obviously that the Canary Islands operations during the winter where we've opened up 43 new 
routes, all of them long sectors into the Canary this winter. But that's been reflected in the slightly better than originally 
forecast yield performance. 

And so, I'd say, it certainly won't be worse than four, it could be five, but we're hovering at the moment somewhere 
around 4.5. And I think the target to double traffic and profit is for what – there is a bit of confusion out there. And I 
think that some of the analysts as well as our – some of our shareholders got a bit enthusiastic. The target has been to 
double traffic and profit the calendar 2012, which is FY '13. It's a target. It's not a forecast. 

I know some investors would like us to make it a forecast, it isn't. It has always been subject to the fuel variable and the 
fares being similar to where they were in 2007 and that is fuel at around – just under $70 a barrel, and yields up at 
around in the low 40s. 

Yes, it would require us to get yields up by about 10% a year for a couple of years. But in the context of a yield decline 
in the last 12 months of 15%, we don't think it's an unreasonable target for the company to aim at. But it is not a 
forecast, it's a target. We need to drive the company forward on the basis of hitting targets, and hope we get there. 

If you look at – I think that's one of the reasons why people are surprised, or they think, we are just kind of – with the 
Boeing discussions breaking down, we are going to rapidly cut back the growth, while this year there will be a 
substantial capacity growth, then it tails off very quickly over a two-year period. 


And so, the operating assumption will be that we – we don't have a plan to raise prices this year, but by slowing down 
capacity this year, next year, and the year after that significantly, we would expect to take a lot of our base, the yield 
and the price pressure of our own growth in which case, I think yield or fares might return to normal or some degree of 
equilibrium. 

And we see no reason why given a reasonable economic outturn, that yields wouldn't creep back up by the summer in 
the low 40s. We don't think it's an unreasonable average yield for an airline carrying 85 million passengers a year. But 
the target has been to double from 40 million passengers in 2007 to 85 million passengers by F-2012 or in other words, 
FY March 2013 and to double profits over that period from about 400 million in '07 to about 800 million by 2012. 

To get there, we need stable fuel and to get the yields back up. And that's pretty much what's driving both our capacity 
slowdown in the next three years, and also the kind of rigorous nature with which we are paring out capacity at 
high-cost airports like Stansted and Dublin and reallocating capacity to low-cost airport bases, Faro, Malaga, Leeds 
Bradford, Bari, Brindisi over the next 12 months. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Right. So you're saying that there's no change to that target? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: There's been no change to the target, but it's important to 
emphasize that it's a target, but not a forecast. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: No. I accept it's always been a target, but it was always a target, if my understanding, that 
was FY '12? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No. It is calendar '12. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: And where you hadn't previously put those conditions on it. I mean, I'm looking at the 
presentation you gave two weeks ago. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: And it doesn't have the same wording or the same timeframe attached to it. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. But if – I think you have the – where we originally set out the 
target about four years ago and it does refer to the same fuel and fares in 2007. Anyway, that's what it is. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: All right. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Neil Glynn from Credit Suisse (sic) [NCB]. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Hi, good afternoon, folks. Just a couple of questions on the revenue front to begin with. Just talking 
about Q4, can you give a bit of flavor as to how the forward booking profile is looking? You've obviously got January 
in the bag, a lot of February, but are you seeing much into Easter? And maybe you could give a bit of sense as to how 
your Q4 implicit guidance breaks down month-by-month even at a high level? 

And then on the seasonality front, you've obviously just had a – had quarter two December, are you seeing much of a 
step change in terms of how the leisure demand environment has changed on a seasonal basis through the downturn? 
And maybe you could give some thoughts on how that might proceed over the next couple of years? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, Neil. I didn't understand the second half of the question 
which is seasonality and the leisure environment or whatever else it is. We maintain an 81, 82% load factor year-round. 
The seasonality is reflected in slightly stronger yield performance during the summer months, but we still deliver a very 
strong traffic numbers during the winter months as well. Yes, there is a little bit more seasonality in our numbers for 
the last, probably two years, but that's driven more by the fact that we've had so much capacity on the ground in 
Stansted and Dublin, high-cost airports during the winter. If either of those airports had a wit of intelligence or intellect, 


they would do a deal with us to significantly reduce airport cost, particularly during the winter season, but then we 
would keep flying a lot of that capacity and have a win-win for both consumers and for the airports. But then that 
would require intelligence in the Dublin Airport Authority, which is a qualification that would probably have you fired 
from Dublin Airport Authority in the first place. 

It might be helpful if Michael Cawley, I don't know if you're on the line from London, do you want – we won't break 
down obviously the Q4 yields by month, but to give people a play for what you're seeing on Q4, in our guidance for 
Q4. 

Is Michael on the call? No. Okay. Sorry, I'll do my best then. Look, we've good visibility out there for Q4. Q4 is a little 
bit distorted in that we have the – the run-up to Easter is in the back end of March. So the trends that we have seen in 
Q3, look like being repeated into Q4. We're therefore a little bit more optimistic on the – or rather I should say, we're 
little less pessimistic than we originally were. And if you remember, we were really looking at minus 15 to minus 20. 
We think we will come in Q4 at something probably just under... 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: [inaudible] I think it's a... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. Our guidance in Q4 will now be just under about ten – minus 
ten. So probably minus eight, minus nine, again and before everybody goes out and starts working the model for next 
year, remember there is a bit of Easter in the back end of March and that does make a big difference on a comparable 
basis, and – but overall, the – it is important I think to say that the yields environment is better than we had originally 
expected, but we originally expected it to be awful. I would – we are looking at a yield decline for the year of just less 
than minus – just under minus 15, which will be our second largest ever yield – annual yield decline in 25 years. So it's 
a little bit better than we forecast, but it's still pretty tough out there. And I would expect that to continue. The summer 
should be a little bit better. A lot depends on how much more capacity is taken out by competitors going bust and the 
flags cutting back capacity. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Just thinking on capacity, just finally, you've touched on it earlier on, but have you a sense on a – 
whether it's a route-per-route basis or even just city pair as to how capacity has fallen year-on-year against yourselves? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think – like remember, we now operate something like 1,300 
routes, so there is a limit to the amount of – but there are still – we are at 1,100 – there are 1,050 routes. So there is a 
limit to the kind of end level of detail on a route-by-route basis that we would either do or be interested in. We are 
talking much more broad, broad, but there is no doubt, I think across – one of the key features across Europe at the 
moment is the way that competitors are retreating from competition against us and that's not just the flags, it's easyJet, 
it's Aer Lingus, it's Sky Europe, it's Swiss Air and everybody is getting out of our way, which is a good sense of the 
strategy from their point of view, because we are – have an enormous cost advantage over everybody else. 

I think if there is one message I would take out of the Q3 numbers today is that Ryanair, with the lowest unit cost in 
Europe, is still reducing unit costs on an adjusted – just for sector length – on an adjusted basis by more than 5% this 
year, but almost every other airline in Europe is seeing unit cost rising and bleating on about how their costs are 
uncontrollable and that's why – but they are going to move to a better model and that the Ryanair model isn't 
sustainable. We've been at this for 25 years, so I don't want to be lectured by people who are in new jobs less than kind 
of six months or two years as to how they are talking that our model isn't sustainable, funny enough. 

I think I am now on my – I am in my – I am at this now for 20 years in Ryanair. I think I am on my 16th Aer Lingus 
Chief Executive. I am probably heading for my 15th easyJet Chief Executive, so I really lose – I don't pay too much 
attention to these geniuses telling me how unsustainable the Ryanair model is. It's remarkable how all – if our model is 
unsustainable, how they are all desperately trying to get out of our way and not compete with us. But you know, look, 
they all have their crosses bear. I wouldn't want to work for the Irish government or [inaudible] either, so they have to 
say something. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Neil. 


Operator 

Our next question is from Eamonn Hughes from Goodbody Stockbrokers. Please go ahead with your question. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Hi, Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Eamonn. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: [inaudible] yield, just again maybe some of the immediate trends. You've given a little bit of 
flavor there, particularly say on some of the mix of new routes there as in Spain on the capacity side and then Dublin 
and Stansted, but even maybe just try and get a little more top-down flavor on sort of parts of Europe that's just starting 
to see a little bit more traction, I suppose, partly if you've come in effectively from minus 20 guidance for the quarter 
and you've just performed at minus 12. 

Was there anywhere else beyond the mix that maybe you're starting to see a little bit of traction economically that 
would have skewed the numbers a little bit? And also just if you comment on again at a time when the yield guidance is 
starting to improve over the last month or so to the extent the oil price weakened fairly considerably. So have we gotten 
maybe a little disconnect here where the yield is going to be driven maybe a little bit more by the macro environment 
rather than the oil price which was the expectation only a few weeks ago – few months ago? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, again, here's what I think we have to be careful, like 
[inaudible], the yield environment out there is, from Ryanair's perspective, great, because it's awful. We've done 
slightly better than our guidance on yield in third quarter and into the fourth quarter. But that does not mean that the 
world has changed and we are in recovery and everything is fantastic. Like, if you look around us, airlines are going 
bust on a weekly basis, other competitors are cutting capacity. It is really difficult out there. We're doing remarkably 
well, because this is the time when the lowest-cost producer wins. We just kicked the shit out of everybody else. 

I would still be relatively – and I think it's important – I'd still be very conservative about kind of outlook for next year 
and forecast for next year. I don't see any material kind of economic recovery in Europe. There is [inaudible] 
quantitative easing or whatever else is going on there. And when the bankers start to see inflation or an economic 
recovery, I think they are going to start [inaudible] with interest rates. 

Now, thankfully, we won't be affected by that because we have lots of cash on deposits. But I would be very reluctant 
to share in the kind of outpourings of joy we heard from easyJet and recent Aer Lingus presentation, going on about 
how yields are going to rise, and don't worry, our costs are rising but that would be covered by higher fares. 

If you look out over two or three-year periods, I think Ryanair, by being the lowest-cost, lowest-fare provider in Europe 
and significantly cutting back our capacity growth, we should certainly create an environment for – over the next two 
or three years where there will be a modest, I think, recovery in our yields. I think we will get back to 15% yields 
reduction we've implemented this year to deliver 66 million passengers. But I wouldn't want to go much further than 
that. 

Is this the trend we're seeing last quarter into the fourth quarter? Is that going to be repeated or continued into the first, 
second and third quarter of next year? Honestly, it's too early to say. We don't have good visibility. Easter is in early in 

– Easter is early in April. I think we will have a better mix of routes and certainly the bases this summer, because there 
is no doubt in my mind that bases like Faro, Malaga, Alicante and the Canary Islands will do very well during the 
summer and will probably continue into the winter. 
But a lot depends on what happens in other key markets like the U.K., they have an election in May. The new 
government will have, let's say, enormous financial difficulty. I think if they got rid of the APDs, we'll have a major 
impact on U.K. tourism. Clearly, in Ireland, I think the tourism industry is facing long-term destruction, unless the 
government gets rid of this stupid tourist tax and breaks up the DAA monopoly, which I think now becomes inevitable 
as the DAA will clearly go bankrupt in the next 12 or 18 months because you can't keep increasing the fees to finance 
or to fund a decline in traffic. But that – those – Ireland is a small market for us. 


I think over the medium term, I think there's every prospect that we'll get back the 15% yield declines of the last 12 
months. I certainly don't see any more years of – in the next two – one, two or three years that there won't be any more 
very significant yield declines, because we will be slowing down our growth rate markedly. But I wouldn't want to go 
too optimistic yet, I think it's too early and I don't think we should be. Let's be conservative in our outlook rather than 
optimistic. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Okay, Michael, just in relation to some of the countries there you talked about earlier in the 
MD&A about the market share gains, I think it was Scandinavia, Italy and Spain, and [inaudible] in the U.K. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Similar trends I presume heading into FY11, would it be your sense at Stansted or anywhere 
else, they might be opening up to just given some of the consolidation or declines you see – or airlines go under we've 
seen over the winter. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I mean, I think the reason we went to those markets is those are the 
markets where we're opening up bases, they're adding a lot of capacity this year. I mean there's no doubt, Spain is an 
amazing market for us at the moment, every other airline in Spain, from Iberia, Vueling, Clickair, Spanair, easyJet are 
cutting capacity. Spanair, I don't think they – I'd be surprised they survive the next year or two unless some idiot comes 
along and gives them a massive financial infusion, and I can't see why they would. But even easyJet has been – seen its 
market share decimated by us in Madrid and in Barcelona. And we will overtake Iberia in Spain this year to become the 
number one airline. 

We are also opening up new bases in Italy where again in, Bari, Brindisi, this year, we will overtake Alitalia. They 
carry about 22 million passengers a year. Our traffic to and from Italy this year would be about 23 million. And so we 
are making major gains there. 

Scandinavia, we're opening up the base in Oslo Rygge, the secondary [inaudible], which is a much closer airport to 
Oslo than our existing Torp airport. That base, the advance bookings are very strong, and it's clear that where 
[inaudible] are weak, and you have Norwegian, which is a relatively high fare airline up there. I think we will do a lot 
of damage to – we'll take a lot of traffic because there seems to be a lot of pent-up demand in Norway for cheap fares. 
That base would do well. 

And in the U.K., we have significant expansion at those airports who are reducing cost. We are opening up a base in 
Leeds Bradford in March. Then we are adding significant capacity at Edinburgh airport where, in fairness to the 
management of the BAA, I mean they tried to break up [inaudible] liberated them in no uncertain terms, very 
forward-looking, very aggressive on cost. We are talking to them. I think we might add a couple of – we've already 
announced, I think, two more – three more aircraft to Edinburgh this year. 

And they've responded very quickly to the bankruptcy of Flyglobespan. They've encouraged us to put [inaudible] I 
think three more aircraft in there this summer, add a lot of summer fun routes and we've taken up a lot of those 
bookings. I think [inaudible] that would otherwise have gone to Flyglobespan and to charter airlines. 

So, I think it's not so much that we're seeing amazing economic recovery in Spain, Italy, Norway and the U.K., it's just 
those are the countries where the airports have responded with the best deals. The Spanish government has introduced 
100% [audio gap], the Belgians and the Dutch have scrapped tourist taxes altogether and those kinds of moves is there 
to be rewarded. Meanwhile, governments like Ireland and the U.K. who are imposing tourist taxes and I think the 
utterly insane decision of the government – the Irish government to inflict the independent regulator approve a 40% 
increase in Dublin's Airport charges at a time when Dublin Airport has just lost three million passengers in the last 12 
months is just [inaudible], and doomed to failure, but like frankly the sooner it fails, the sooner they realize they got to 
go back to working with Ryanair to make Ireland the low-fare tourist – a low-cost tourist destination, not a high-cost 
one. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Just picking up on your point there, Michael, you said, I mean obviously Spain has made kind 
of a good impact in terms of reducing charges. Has they kind of [inaudible] in terms of the number of bases over the 


medium term? I think you've kind of spoken in the past around at the 15 or so bases in Spain [inaudible], has that 
changed over the last few months and hence your thoughts on those? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No, I mean I think if you look at those big European economies, 
Spain, France, Germany, Scandinavia and the U.K. could all have easily 12, 15 bases. But again it's important to stress 
that we don't have a – there's no geographical program of base expansion here. We select a base based on which one 
comes up with the best package of low cost and very efficient facility, and that tends to reflect where they are most 
desperate for traffic and where Spain they've lost an awful lot of traffic in the last 12 months. 

The airports and the Aena have got fairly competitive, Portugal the same thing, Italy the same thing and in Scandinavia, 
where it's fast seem to be imploding, again the same thing. And where you have a country where – run by a bunch of 
illiterate pygmies like Ireland, they follow a visionary strategy of taxing tourists and increasing airport charges during a 
recession by 40%, but they will get their just desserts in the not too distant future where I suspect another double-digit 
decline in tourism this year before they finally work out that they – that backing or supporting the airport monopoly is 
the wrong way to go. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Okay, Michael, thanks so much. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Ian – Eamonn, sorry. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: No worries. 

Operator 

Our next question is from Robert McAdoo from Avondale Partners. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Bob McAdoo>: Hi. Just a couple of questions, thank you. You had earlier talked in earlier calls about how one of 
the purposes of increasing bag charges was to – actually to discourage people from checking any bags at all with the 
idea that that would offset – enable you to lower your cost structure. And I noticed in this period you talk about how 
that's one of the behavioral changes is that we are seeing less checked bags. I am wondering if you are starting to see 
costs reduced, or places where you can in fact reduce the cost because of that. 

And the second question is, in some of the aviation press this morning, there's a statement that says, WebJet stated it 
received an offer from Ryanair Holdings to acquire an undisclosed equity in the Brazilian airline. I am curious if you 
had a comment on that and I can't even find WebJet as a Brazilian Airline, just wondering if you had any comments. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, my comments – on the latter point you're talking about, well, 
look, it's important here, we have a decision policy we never comment on the rumor or speculation, particularly where 
it's concerned to airlines that we've never heard of, couldn't find, don't know, can't even Google them; and so – but our 
policy is, we never comment on rumor or speculation. Like in 25 years here, we've never invested in an airline in some 
ill-begotten country outside of Europe; and it's not going to happen now either. 

But I think it's an easy way for somebody who wants to generate some money or some publicity, oh, I've been talking 
to Ryanair. I have read the article that said, they've received a written offer or some – something in writing from us. 
No, they haven't, because if they had, A) we've never heard of them and we wouldn't know where to send it anyway. 

And all I know about Brazilians, they have GOL down there, it's a very good low-fares airline. I don't know, why in the 
name of Jesus anybody would – or we would want to invest in anything in Brazil; we don't. We intend to double in size 
here in Europe in the next five years and not get distracted as we never have been by getting involved in airlines we've 
never heard of and don't even know if they exist or not. 

And in terms of the bags, the policy continues to work very successfully. I think we're down now to – I mean routinely, 
we are running now at about 25% of checked-in-bags. During the summer, that would rise to maybe 30, 35%. I think 
that's the core, that's kind of Mrs. O'Leary, when she is traveling, is incapable of traveling with hand luggage only, so I 
accept that I would have to pay excess baggage check-in fee for the rest of my life. And – but I think if you look at 


what happened – if you look at the airport cost here, airport and handling, the costs are down 11% in the third quarter. 

One of the [inaudible] things we bring to airports now both existing airports where we already operate and the new 
airports is unique, very little in terms of facility to be able to handle our passengers. We're sticking. They all check-in 
on the website. You don't need to check-in desks, and we have 100% capacity checking-in on the website. Now you 
don't need check-in desks. Only 25% of passengers will show up with bags, you might need one bag drop-off point. 
You need fewer baggage handlers. So the demands we place on airports are infinitely less and simpler than the 
traditional airline. But I think airports are gradually responding to that particularly, again in more traditional markets 
like Spain and Italy. They are realizing that actually it is much cheaper for them to handle a Ryanair flight than an 
Iberia flight or a charter flight. 

Of course, and it would be remiss of me not to mention that Dublin Airport see a different future. They – as part of 
Terminal 2, they're building an entirely separate building for deep queue-in, check-in spaces. It costs about another 200 
million at a time when the world – even Aer Lingus are moving to web check-in. 

Dublin Airports are building a building for the deep queues associated with airport check-in. But then that's what you 
get when you have a regulated monopoly. They spent away as much money as they possibly can building facilities that 
will never be needed, so they can get their friendly local government department to order the independent regulator to 
give them a 40% price increase and make sure the traffic falls another – by another couple of million this year. But 
don't give me [inaudible] at Dublin Airport. 

And so the baggage quality is working like a dream. It has significantly reduced our handling and airport costs. And 
again, if you go back to kind of silly comments coming out of Aer Lingus and easyJet in recent weeks, Ryanair's unit 
costs are not sustainable; it's a [inaudible] thing. We bought aircraft in 9/11. Again, their insight into history is fairly 
limited. 

We bought aircraft in 1997 before 9/11, in 1999, before 9/11 – and just after 9/11 and again in 2006, long after 9/11. 
And we continue – if you look at the units, there's lower unit cost by our competitors that are out there saying that our 
model is broken as they run way, or scurry away, in fact, that they are [inaudible]. So other than Mrs. O'Leary, we're 
carrying markedly few check-in bags. 

<Q - Bob McAdoo>: That's great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Robert. 

Operator 

I have a question from Jarrod Castle from UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Jarrod Castle>: Good afternoon, gents. Just two quick ones. One, just in terms of the environment to dispose of 
aircraft, we are hearing that the financing market is starting to slowly open up. Are you seeing any signs of kind of the 
ability or potential purchases to get the financing and buy fleet? 

And secondly, just if you are increasing your kind of sector length generally, does that have any positive impact on 
propensity to buy things on the flights? Do you see a little bit of an increase happening in – I think ancillary revenues 
that people have to sit onboard a bit longer? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, you would be... 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Maybe – Jarrod, we had last week the 
Aviation Finance Conference in Dublin, and I don't know who has been [inaudible] for aircraft leasing companies, the 
outlook is not very, very good. A lot of them are – some of them have no money. Debt is very, very hard to come by – 
very, very expensive. And there are no signs of any improvement in terms of aircraft prices. In fact, I would expect that 
that would probably get worse as we go though this year. 


And so, in terms of financing, on a general scale, unless you are a Tier-1 airline like Ryanair, Lufthansa or Air France, 
there is no financing available. And a very large U.S. bank commented to me that it was the first time that they could 
recall an aircraft leasing companies could only borrow more expensively than airlines. So I expect that market – and in 
terms of our own sale and leasebacks, I don't expect to be doing anything for at least 18 months, and in terms of selling 
aircraft, I think that puts out on a similar longer time line. 

And in terms of aircraft sector length, yes, that is generally helpful towards selling more [inaudible] onboard, but really 
and truly is not going to materially move the [inaudible] in terms of [inaudible] ancillaries. We have recently launched 
an electronic point of sale system, which we are – we have rolled out to our two main – largest bases. But overall, I 
mean, I think – we talked to everyone about where ancillaries are going to pan out, I think we're comfortable I think 
[inaudible] for the forthcoming year. 

<Q - Jarrod Castle>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. I should say, by the way, Michael Cawley is on the 
call, but he couldn't take – for some reason he can't speak, he can't get in, but so he's on the call anyway. 

Operator 

So which Michael – would you allow me to unmute, sir? Michael... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I have no idea. But if you can mute Michael Cawley for a – I think 
it's a very positive development. 

Operator 

Okay. [Operator Instructions] 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Give me more opportunity to speak. 

Operator 

We have another question from Johannes Braun from Commerzbank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: Yes. Hi. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Johannes, hi. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: Hi. Just one question to double-check on your CapEx spending, you guide for 1.2 billion for 
the full year, but after nine months, your CapEx – your cash flow statements only state 600 million. So, I assume you 
expect another 600 million in Q4, is that right? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, that's gross CapEx, Johannes, which we – which is our total 
CapEx. Up to this year, we've done a number of sale and leaseback transactions, and we have 24 deliveries between 
January and March and overall, we would expect that we should be north of 900 million in terms of on balance sheet 
CapEx. And next year, if you see on the slide shows on page 17, we have the gross CapEx again of 1 billion. I'd expect 
we'll probably do most of that given my comments to recently or just [inaudible] on the previous question in terms of 
the lack of finance for people to do sale and leasebacks. In fact, most of that 1 billion will actually be on balance sheet 
CapEx. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: All right. So you expect 300 million for Q4 on balance sheet CapEx? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Correct. 


<Q - Johannes Braun>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Johannes. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay, Johannes. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Anything else? 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

No, okay. [inaudible] Okay, folks, I think we've covered all the questions and answers. If anybody wants to talk to us 
individually, Steve [inaudible] here – is here at the office in Dublin. We are not doing a road show obviously for the 
Q3, which is normal. I am over – speaking in New York on Thursday at Jim Parker's wonderful, never-to-be-missed 
Aviation Investor Conference in New York. So I hope to see some of you in New York on Thursday. 

Other than that, if anybody wants to chat to Howard, Michael Cawley, Jay or David [inaudible], or any of the rest of the 
guys, feel free to call us here at the office in Dublin. In the meantime again, thank you for participating in the call. 

Remember, the unit cost story, which I think is a compelling story coming out in today's numbers, that and the flight of 
competitors away from competing with us hopefully bodes well both for Q4 and into next year. We'll have a lot more 
detail and color on next day – for the next full year guidance as we get to the full-year results road show which will be 
at the first week of June. Thanks everybody. God bless. Bye-bye. 

Operator 

All right. Thank you for joining in today's call. You may now replace your handset. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


