Q1 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Stephen Furlong 
• John Mattimoe 
• Geoff Van Klavern 
• Duane Pfennigwerth 
• Jim Parker 
• Jonathan Wober 
• Howard Miller 
• Chris Reid 
• Edward Stanford 
• Neil Glynn 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ryanair First Quarter Results Conference Call. At this time, 
all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will 
follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. 

I would now like to hand over to the Chairperson, Mr. Michael O'Leary. Please begin your meeting and I will be 
standing by. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Ryanair Q1 results conference 
call. I am here in Dublin with Michael Cawley, David Broderick, Neil Sorahan, and Jimmy Dempsey, and Howard 
Millar is joining us from the Roadshow team in London this afternoon. 

As you'd have seen, this morning we announced Q1 profit of 21 million, down 85% as fuel costs almost doubled and 
yield fell due to the absence primarily of Easter in the quarter and its presence in the prior year comparable. Despite the 
absence of Easter, however, traffic grew by 19% to 15 million passengers as average fares fell by 8% to €42, while 
total revenues grew 12% to 770 million. Unit costs excluding fuel fell by 6%. Including fuel, they increased by 18% 
due to higher oil prices and longer sector lengths. 

Trading conditions have been difficult in Q1. We suffered the loss of Easter and had the impact of much higher oil 
prices. Oil prices have almost doubled in Q1 from 61 million of – €61 last year to €117 per barrel. The fuel bill rose by 
93%. Fuel now represents almost 50% of our total operating costs compared to 36% last year. 


Yields fell by 8% in the quarter as we opened new routes and bases, and felt the impact of the absence of Easter, which 
considerably distorts the prior-year comparable. Yields were also impacted by a reduction in check-in baggage 
penetration rates as more passengers switched to web check-in and carry-on bag facilities. 

Traffic however grew by 19% to 15 million while load factors at 81% were almost in line with Q1 last year despite the 
absence of Easter. Ancillary revenues grew by 20%, again faster than the rate of traffic growth, and we expect this will 
continue. Passengers will shortly be able to use their mobile phones and BlackBerrys on 10 Dublin based aircraft in a 
trial test, which will expand to almost 40 aircraft by the fiscal year end. 

We've taken advantage of last week's weaknesses in oil prices and are now hedged 90% for September at $129 per 
barrel, and 80% for Q3, that's the October to December quarter, at $124 a barrel which was essentially $129 a barrel 
last week, plus the 10% of $70 a barrel we had already in place. We remain unhedged for Q4, continue to believe that 
oil prices remain subject to irrational exuberance, while as many of our high-fare competitors continue to increase fuel 
surcharges, we remain committed to no fuel surcharges ever and we will continue to absorb higher oil prices even if it 
means short-term losses, while we continue to deliver Europe's guaranteed lowest fare to our 58 million passengers. 

Excluding fuel, unit costs fell 6%, better than we previously expected. We've responded to much higher oil prices by 
aggressively tackling costs in many other areas. In the last quarter, we've added cheaper, more fuel-efficient aircraft. 
We've implemented a company-wide pay freeze and announced redundancies in our Dublin call center. We have and 
are continuing to renegotiate many of our airport maintenance and handling contracts, and we plan to introduce 
check-in kiosks in October at our main and most expensive airports in Dublin and Stansted to further reduce airport and 
handling costs. 

The increased discretionary charges for baggage and airport check-in have encouraged more passengers to use web 
check-in and carry-on luggage, and this is helping to significantly reduce our handling costs while at the same time 
having a downward impact on average fares and yields. 

We've recently announced significant capacity reductions for the coming winter at the two most expensive airports: 
Stansted where we will ground up to 15 aircraft this winter, and Dublin where we ground up to four. And we'll do that 
because regulatory failure has allowed these monopoly airports to further increase their already high charges. These 
high costs make it more profitable to ground some aircraft rather than fly them there this winter. 

However, despite these capacity cutbacks at the two most expensive airports, Ryanair's traffic will still grow by almost 
10% this winter as we switch routes and capacity growth to lower cost, more efficient airports and bases. Accordingly, 
passenger volumes for the full fiscal year will grow by 14% to just over 58 million, slightly lower than the 16% or 59 
million we previously guided. 

The demise of low fare air travel is again being predicted by all the usual suspects, principally BA and others, many of 
whom are still losing short-haul traffic to Ryanair. Higher oil prices won't end low fare travel; it just increases the 
attraction of Ryanair's guaranteed lowest fares as consumers become more price sensitive and switch away from 
high-fare fuel-surcharging airlines like BA. Higher oil prices will speed up the decline of high-fare short-haul travel 
this winter as many European airlines consolidate or go bust. We believe the oil price of approximately $130 a barrel 
are unsustainable over the medium term, but we don't know when they're going to fall or by how much. The industry is 
cyclical, and this downturn will provide enormous opportunities for strong, well-financed airlines like Ryanair to grow. 

The outlook for the remainder of the year, which is I think what we'll focus on now, is entirely dependent on fares and 
fuel prices, and we believe it remains poor. The emerging economic recession in the UK and Ireland which has 
worsened significantly in recent months, caused by the global credit crisis and high oil prices, means that consumer 
confidence is plummeting and we believe this will have an adverse impact on average fares for the rest of the year. We 
will respond as always with much lower fares and aggressive pricing to keep people flying and maintain our high load 
factors. 

We now believe that our average fares for the year will fall by as much as 5%, if European airfares plunge this winter. 
Ryanair will lead this downward pricing at a time when most of our competitors are hoping to raise fares and increase 
their fuel surcharges. The market this winter would be heavily impacted by the timing and the scale of EU airline 


bankruptcies and consolidations, many of which are inevitable at these higher prices. Our better than anticipated cost 
savings will flow from – which flow from capacity and cost reductions already announced or achieved will partly offset 
these lower yields. On the basis of our existing fuel hedges and an assumed Q4 oil price of approximately $130 a 
barrel, and if average airfares fall by 5% for the full year, then we would expect to record a full year result of between 
break-even and a small loss of €60 million. 

The capacity reductions, which would ensue from this winter's wave of airline bankruptcies and consolidations, will 
create more opportunities for Ryanair to grow. When oil prices fall significantly, as we believe they will over the 
medium term, then our earnings will rebound strongly. We have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry and 
the business continues to be strongly cash generative with over 2.2 billion in cash. 

With the lowest fares and the lowest cost base in the industry, Ryanair is the best positioned low fares airline, indeed 
any airline in Europe, to take advantage of the opportunities that these very difficult trading conditions will create. 

Howard, do you want to take us through the MD&A please, and then we'll open it up for questions? 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Okay, thank you, Michael. For the purposes of the MD&A, all figures and comments are by reference to the adjusted 
income statement excluding the exceptional items. The exceptional items during the quarter ended 30 June, 2008, 
amount to a total of €111.4 million, consisting of the impairment of the Aer Lingus shareholding of 93.6 million and an 
accelerated depreciation charge of 17.9 million on aircraft to be disposed in 2009-10. Adjusted profit, excluding the 
exceptional items, decreased by 85% to €21 million compared to 138.9 million in the quarter ended June 30, 2007, 
primarily due to a 93% increase in fuel costs. 

Total operating revenues increased by 12% to €776.9 million, slower than the 19% growth in passenger volumes as 
average fares decreased by 8% due to the absence of Easter and lower baggage penetration rates. Ancillary revenues 
grew by 25% to 146.8 million during the quarter. Total revenue per passenger, as a result, decreased by 6% while its 
load factor decreased by 1% during the quarter to 81%. 

Total operating expenses increased by 40% to 751.2 million, primarily due to the increase in fuel prices, the higher 
level of activity, and increased costs associated with the growth of the airline. Fuel, which represents 49% of total 
operating costs compared to 36% in the quarter ended June 30, 2007, increased by 93% to 366.6 million due to the 
increase in the price per gallon and an increase in the number of hours flown, offset by a positive movement in the U.S. 
dollar exchange rate versus the euro. 

Unit costs, excluding fuel, fell by 6%; including fuel they rose by 18%. Operating margins fell by 19 points to 3% 
while its operating profit decreased by 84% to €25.7 million. Net margin decreased by 3% from 20% at June 30, 2007 
for the reasons outlined above. Earnings per share decreased by €1.40 for the quarter compared to 8.98 cents in the 
quarter ended 30th June, 2007. 

Onto the balance sheet. The Group's balance sheet reflects the cash generative strength of the business. The Group 
generated cash from operating activities of 194.5 million and a further 78.8 million from the sale of a Boeing 737-800, 
which part funded a 33.1 million share buyback program and capital expenditure incurred during the period, with the 
remaining balance reflected in total cash of €2.25 billion. 

Capital expenditure amounted to 110.4 million, which largely consisted of advance aircraft payments for our future 
deliveries and the delivery of three aircraft during the quarter. Long term debt, net of repayments, decreased by €49.5 
million as well during the quarter. 

So with that, I'll hand you back to Michael in Dublin. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 


Thanks, Howard. Okay, everybody, let's open it up to questions. And just before we do, obviously the two significant 
changes between this and the annual results in early June was the yield guidance has significantly worsened. We, at the 
time based on forward bookings into June, July, and August, were predicting that yields would rise by 5% for the 
remainder of the year. I think while yields will be up in our second quarter, they are going to – we now expect they will 
fall significantly in the second half of the year. That's why it's a much more negative guidance. 

Also, there seems to be a greater switch-off, which I would welcome, a greater switch-off of passengers traveling with 
hand luggage and not paying check-in baggage fees and using the web check-in facility. I think that's one of the reasons 
why we've been able to speed up the unit cost reductions. And I think the underlying message here is with a 2% unit, 
our 2% sector length increase in the quarter, unit costs excluding fuel have fallen by 6%, which is about an 8% unit cost 
reduction on a like-for-like basis. And that's a very strong cost performance and puts us back on track. If you actually 
remember, the last two years we've had difficulties with pilots, increasing, for regulatory reasons, pilot staffing 
numbers and cabin crew numbers. We are now, with the exception of fuel, back on a significant reduction in unit costs 
and we expect that will continue. 

Okay, we'd open it up for questions please. [inaudible]. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Furlong [Davy Stockbrokers]. 
Please go ahead with your question, announcing your company name and location. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Yes, this is Stephen Furlong from Davy. Hi, guys. Just two questions. One, maybe just talk 
about hedging for a second. Just tell me what you would think – what levels or timing would you look at hedging into 
next summer? So beyond your Q4, is there a level or price, because obviously the comps will be easier if oil fell. And 
the second thing would be, just in terms of the yield number for Q1, how much of that do you think was Easter, i.e., in 
the April quarter -- April month rather than May or June, or was it also a bit of weakening yields at the back end of 
June? Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Stephen. I don't know, it's difficult to give you any guidance on hedging. I think we 
watch oil on a daily or maybe on even an hour-to-hour basis. As the one who's been confidently predicting we wouldn't 
be hedging at $130 a barrel, we saw there was an opportunity. 

Are we nervous about the two winter quarters, Q3 and Q4? We're clearly guiding towards the kind of a break-even 
number with oil at 130 for the remain – for this year. And there was an opportunity last week to go in and close out Q3 
at under 130; we took it. We may well be wrong and oil may continue to weaken. I think the oil demand this winter will 
be significant, and certainly jet kerosene demand will be significantly down. We may not call the market right again, 
but at least we've managed to secure an oil price into the third quarter below 130. 

We haven't gone into the fourth quarter yet because the fourth-quarter number is slightly above 130, and we'd like to 
take a couple of weeks to see where the more medium-term oil price is going. We don't have any predictions on next 
summer. I would be inclined, given that we've gone through this summer at oil up at around the 130 through the peak 
summer months, we'd have much easier comps for next year. Clearly there is a price at which we would be hedging 
into next summer, but I doubt it would be at 128 or $129 a barrel. 

I think you know we are where we are on hedging. We haven't hedged. We have been calling it wrong since about this 
time last year when we first carried a hedge 10% of this year's third quarter at $70 a barrel. The market has 
continuously moved away from us, as it has from almost every other airline and oil price speculator. And I couldn't 
give you any guidance on what we might do for the first – for the summer of next year. 

Our greater focus for the summer of next year is how many airlines and who will survive this winter, and therefore how 
much capacity will be in the general system next summer. We will clearly add some capacity ourselves, but I suspect 


around Europe we'll be dealing with a lot less capacity generally. 

Yield numbers in the first quarter, I mean, I think one of the things you should check about the yield number in the first 
quarter, clearly Easter was responsible for a significant amount of it. But also the currency factor is responsible for a 
significant amount. If you take – strip out the currency effect of euro and Sterling on our yields in Q1, we would 
estimate that the underlying like-for-like yield decline is of the order of minus 3, minus 4%, which is not dissimilar to 
easyJet's number of last week if you strip out. They had benefited from the currency movement in the opposite 
direction. So Easter is undoubtedly responsible for some of the yield decline, but I think the adverse movement in 
currency certainly compared to easyJet will report in Sterling account for a significant proportion of it, and if you kind 
of strip out the currencies which-- I think our yield movement is very similar to our principal competitors' movement 
over the first quarter. 

<Q>: That was great; thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Stephen. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of John Mattimoe [Merrion Stockbrokers]. Please go ahead with your question, 
announcing your company name and location. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Hi; good afternoon, this is John Mattimoe. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Hi. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Just calling from Merrion in Dublin. Just on the comments you made, Michael, on the yields at 
the start, just in terms of the two factors in the change from two months ago being more caution for the winter and the 
greater switch-off of the check-in luggage, could you maybe give some type of a sense of the relative importance of 
those versus each other? Is the bigger part of the reduction in your outlook because of the winter, or is it because of the 
reduction in the check-in? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: No, I mean I think -- look, without getting into it, I'm not going hand split it out for you, split 
out the detail, but more of it is due to the fact that I think we're much more bearish on fares and yields this winter. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: When we were sitting here on the full year results in the first week of June, we are looking 
forward, forward looking into July-August, they looked like they were improving, and they have improved over the 
previous year. Will that continue through the winter? You know, and we heavily guard, I guess, a few – the earnings 
for the year entirely depend on the out-turn in fares. I think the world has changed significantly in the last two months. 
You look at the collapse of bank share prices, everything else, much of that has happened in the last two months. 
Although there is no doubt, and I say it again to myself, I was overly optimistic in our yield forecast two months ago, 
and I can promise you you won't see that again while I live and breathe. 

It's hard to know where we are for this winter. I – look, our guidance at the moment is very bearish and very negative. 
We don't think it will be any worse than that. But that's not a guarantee. But clearly this winter is going to get much 
tougher, and part of that is we are going to kick that off with a series of very aggressive pricing promotions into 
September and October that will start later on this week and will run week on week on week, each week through 
September and through the remainder of August, September and October. We are going to be very ballsy on pricing 
and on load factor, and we are giving you all the bad news now. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: And Michael, am I right in thinking that your guidance doesn't factor in any, say, capacity 
attrition or consolidation in the market? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: No. 


<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And in terms of how awful could it get, are we talking significant double-digit type of 
declines winter-on-winter? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think we are looking now, [inaudible] we're -- our guidance now, which doesn't factor in 
major consolidations or bankruptcy, looks at or envisages a double-digit yield decline in Q3 and Q4. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: And a small [inaudible] yield increase in Q2. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Sorry; was that small for Q2 or small for the summer in total? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Small yield increase in Q2. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And just on the booking profile, the last call you mentioned that the profile had been 
something in, I think, it was in the order of two percentage points better booked than it was the previous year. Has that 
gone back to a more normal pattern or are you still slightly better booked in volume terms than you were this time last 
year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think in the last two months, we are now what they were back pretty much in line with 
where we were in the previous year, but there has been a degree of weakness, I think, for the last two months, I'd say 
for the last six or eight weeks, and we are responding to that with a series of pricing, spectacular pricing initiatives over 
the next six to eight weeks. We intend to restore the forward booking profile to being one or two percentage points at 
where --ahead of where it was in the equivalent month last year, and we do that at the expense of yields. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And on the capacity side, are you happy that you've done as much as you're going to do 
for this winter in terms of capacity, or could there be more to come or are you just maybe casting your minds forward 
towards the following year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: No, I think it's hard to – what we're comfortable with what we've done thus far. I think if 
there is going to be any change on the capacity front, it will be to add capacity. Our focus from a cost point of view this 
winter has been to remove capacity expansion in Dublin where we have two very expensive airports with expensive 
landing charges and all the other hidden charges. Most of our other airport costs we are very happy with; we are 
renegotiating with them. We do have a plan though if there is significant – if there is a kind of a seismic event like a 
Alitalia bankruptcy or something, we could take some of those aircrafts that have been grounded and move them 
somewhere, if there was an incentive for us to do so. But it's hard to know whether, I mean, I think our guidance this 
morning is bearish; it's on the conservative side of our current expectations, but it's not hard to believe that's pretty 
much where we believe it's turned out this winter. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And I just have two quick financial questions. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I would be fairly certain there won't be any more capacity. I can't see, and Michael might 
want to – may add to this, I can't say that we'll take any further capacity out of either Dublin or out of Stansted. 
Because what we've announced -- and it's important that people understand -- what we've announced at the moment is 
15 aircrafts left in Stansted, four aircraft left in Dublin. In actual fact, in Stansted, that's about 22, 23 aircrafts on 
Tuesdays and Wednesdays or some of the shitty weeks at the end of November and December, and it's less, it's about, 
it's down at 10, 11 aircraft left on Fridays and Sundays, and most of the aircrafts will be up for example, on Christmas 
week. So it's a much more flexed schedule this winter at Stansted and Dublin. We essentially only want to fly aircraft 
when we think we can make money at the very high airport charges at Dublin and Stansted, airport charges that are still 
increasing, by the way. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And into the following year, Michael, have you given any thoughts to capacities then for 
the following year except that there might be more 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: No. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: I mean like by the way, we have, we've already are aware of what the aircraft orders are – 
they're set in stone. We will take those aircrafts. I expect we will fly them. But really, we won't have any idea on 
capacity until – but I think we want to be very flexible through this winter; there is going to be a lot of consolidations 
and bankruptcies and people falling over, and I would want us to have plenty of additional capacity. I mean, so we are 
being – we're receiving offers now from airports who 12 months ago wouldn't even talk to us. And they thought – most 
of the offers are conditional upon if our existing carrier goes bankrupt, or when our existing carrier goes bankrupt this 
winter, will Ryanair step in here with four or five or more aircrafts, Michael, is I think is – we are never been busier I 
would say talking to airports about I think aircraft additions. So the opportunities are much greater than they have been 
heretofore, but most of them are heavily kind of caveated on existing carriers falling out of bed. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. I just had two quick financial questions, if I may. The first one is just on the nonfuel unit 
costs, the decline of 6% in the first quarter. Is that something you'll be aiming to sustain over the rest of the year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Howard, you're going to take that? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah, Michael. I think, we think Q1 was very good; Q2 won't be quite at that level, but will 
still be unit cost reduction. Q3 and 4, because of our lower load factor, and obviously, we've got 20 aircraft, or as 
Michael said, the equivalent of 20 aircraft on the ground, overall we feel that unit costs on a per-passenger basis will be 
somewhere in the region of 1.5 to 2% down over the year, and that would've been up – that would have changed from 
flat to probably slightly up when we would have talked to you two months ago. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Sorry, Howard; can I just clarify the 1.5 to 2% down, that's for the full year, is it? Or is it just 
for Q3 and Q4 year-on-year? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah, so Q2, but also unit cost will fall, not quite probably as good as Q1. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Yeah. 

<A - Howard Millar>: But Q3 and 4 will be adverse. So the net decline -


<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. 

<A - Howard Millar>: ...here would be somewhere in the region of 1.5, 2%. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Yeah, that's fine. And then, Howard, just on the ancillaries. 

<A - Howard Millar>: You know that sector length rose by 2%, so it's on an adjusted sector length base about four. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. On the ancillaries, then, the rate of increase on a per passenger basis that you had in Q1, 
would that have been distorted by Easter or is that a rate that should be sustained through the year? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Well, we think yes, that unit, ancillary costs, through revenue, sorry, will continue to outpace 
the growth in passenger volumes. The real pace in the first quarter is probably indicative for the remainder of the year. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. That's great. Thanks a lot Howard. Thanks Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks John. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Geoff Van Klavern. Please go ahead with your question announcing your 
company name and location. 

<Q - Geoff Van Klavern>: Hi there, this is Geoff from Exane BNP Paribas in London. The first question on capacity 
adjustment this winter. Can you just remind us how much flexibility you have to reduce your pilots and crew? Now, I 
understand a lot of them are on contract. Maybe some guidance on what you can do there. And just secondly, on these, 


the check-in kiosks at Dublin and Stansted, perhaps you can give us some guidance on the savings that these will 
produce? And just thirdly, interested in on the baggage charges, I mean easyJet was saying that they introduced 
baggage charges and that they didn't cause a reduction in volumes of checked-in baggage. But you're saying is that they 
do. Perhaps you could just clarify that please? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah thanks. On the aircraft economy this winter, we will have some cost savings on pilots 
and crew. It won't come from head count. Remember, a lot of the capacity savings come from flexing the schedules, 
and we also take in delivery of another net 30 aircrafts over the winter for next summer. So, but a lot of our – about half 
of our cabin crews' pay comes from productivity payments, flight payments and commissions, and you'll see some 
savings from that over the winter. Check-in kiosks, you're seeing some of the savings coming through at the moment. 
We would be expecting to be reducing check-in desk rentals at Dublin and Stansted where we're obliged to rent 
check-in desks despite the fact that we've already paid for them in the terminal charges. We would have less check-in 
staff per – it means that by less check-in staff because, we will have less check-in staff per flight, we'll be trying once 
we have the kiosks up to migrate almost 100% of check-in onto the kiosks and away from check-in desks. And if the 
trend in bags continues, I expect that we will be cutting back, maybe by 50%, the number of baggage handlers we need 
since we are handling far fewer bags on a per flight basis as we increase the rate of check-in or as we increase the rate 
of baggage charges. As for easyJet's guides on baggage charges, look, easyJet's has a policy of generally being more 
optimistic than we are. They normally come into line with our guidance after about three or four months. If our 
experience is that passengers are moving away from checked-in bags, and remember this is part of our policy. We are 
increasing check-out, we are increasing checked-in baggage charges to try to dissuade passengers or move them away 
from checked-in bags. I suspect that our experience will be mirrored by theirs in the next couple of months. 

<Q - Geoff Van Klavern>: Okay. And just to clarify, the kiosks, are they for people without any baggage or can you if 
you've got luggage with you? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: People without baggage, we would still expect that they will be checking-in on the website. 
They wouldn't have to go anywhere near a kiosk. Those who are using the kiosks, the effect would be to replace the 
physical airport check-in system. We, for example, we will have to say 80 check kiosks in Stansted, presently we rent 
66 check-in desks. I think our – over the winter, we will be trying to get that down. We'll keep maybe 10 check-in 
desks instead of 66, and using those just as bag drops. It will also speed up the processing times at airports, because all 
of the 12 are currently ticketed transactions, excess baggage fees, change fees, printing off baggage tags, will all be 
done. We've sent the passenger to one of 60, 80 kiosks. So, we'll eliminate the check-in desks altogether. We will 
eliminate airport queues altogether, but we will still be trying to incentivize people to travel with hand luggage only and 
check-in on the web, because that's what reduces their, if you like, airport dwell time down to 25, 30 minutes, instead 
of the one and a half or two hours we personally recommend. 

<Q - Geoff Van Klavern>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Duane Pfennigwerth. Please go ahead with your question announcing your 
company name and location. 

<Q - Duane Pfennigwerth>: Hi, good afternoon it's Duane Pfennigwerth and Jim Parker with Raymond James. 
Wondering if you could talk about any regional or country-specific weakness on the yield front ex the currency 
dynamic that you already discussed? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: There is no noticeable country here, but it seemed to us based on the advance openings we 
have in the system for September and October, there doesn't seem to be any unique regional feature, there generally 
isn't anyway in our business model, and we continue to have two underperforming bases, one is Shannon, the other is 
Frankfurt-Hahn. And so I expect that they will need remedial action this winter. But our policy is not going to, we're 


not going to wait for August, September, October and November, we are going to start at the end of this week and then 
for the next eight weeks, very aggressive pricing promotions. They will be system-wide, they will be across the board, 
and we intend to drive down fares and make it more attractive for people to fly this winter. 

<Q - Duane Pfennigwerth>: Right. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Right across Europe. 

<Q - Duane Pfennigwerth>: Thank you. And then just on competing capacity front, as we run the numbers, it looks 
like it was roughly flat in the June quarter, and it looks to improve maybe down 3% by the December quarter. I guess, 
one, do you agree with this, does this match t his analysis? And two, what level of capacity reduction against you 
would help you get more optimistic on the winter yields? And then I think Jim has a question. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah, I don't think, well again, we are not going to wait to get optimistic on the winter yields, 
we are going to price down the winter. We are going to start this week and role it out for the next six to eight, ten 
weeks. It's hard to know. If you take everybody's advanced capacity reductions, there would be a significant European 
capacity reduction this winter. I wouldn't necessarily believe that all of the capacity reductions currently announced 
might actually happen, but it's going to be so distorted by the scale and timing of bankruptcies. You have airlines at the 
moment who've never made a profit, who are, some of whom in Germany or in the Eastern Bloc, talking about negative 
EBITDAs and all the rest of that. And I can't see how they're going to either survive, or refinance into this winter. But 
the real capacity reductions will be determined by consolidations – what happened to Spanair, they're presently talking 
about huge capacity reductions, Vueling same thing in the merger with Clickair. There is no point at this point in time 
coming up with an optimistic scenario for the winter on capacity reductions and therefore our yields will be better. Let's 
make it as worse or as bad as we think it is, we are going to price that accordingly, we're going to sell that accordingly 
over the next 6 to 8 weeks. And if the situation gets better sometime during the winter because of massive capacity 
withdrawal, we'll tell you then. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Hi. Michael. This is Jim. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Jim, hi. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Just, I am curious – I am curious if you've actually seen any softness in business currently, and that 
your very aggressive pricing initiatives, are they intended to accelerate the demise of other carriers, or are you 
responding to softness in bookings? Which is it? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: It's the latter Jim. Two months ago, we were able to say, look, forward bookings just got, 
forward years booking into the summer months, looks like they are going to raise by a couple of percentage points. At 
bookings, current bookings run in a couple of percentage points ahead of where they were this time last year. Two 
months later, the situation has not reversed, but it's got a lot weaker. We are now looking at bookings into September 
and the early parts of October. The yields are down on previous year and the rates of forward bookings is running at 
about the same as it was this time last year, so about 2 percentage points behind where we were a month or two ago, 
and I think it's time for us to stop sitting here waiting for everything to happen. It's time to start making things happen. 
We'd always price, as you know that we already priced 50 – 55% below easyJet, we are about – 60% Aer Lingus are 
more than 100% more expensive than us. So, we don't price ourselves off competitors. We price to fit our load weight, 
we price to maintain our load factors in the high 80s, and that's what we're going to do. So, our pricing initiatives over 
the coming weeks will not be driven by competitors. We don't – frankly, we wouldn't know which competitor will go 
out of business, although some will. And we wouldn't be able to price to kind of drive the competitor out of the 
business. It's pretty much impossible to do in this industry. We're going to price to maintain very aggressive load 
factors and to keep the citizens of Europe flying at cheap fares versus winter. And if that means the that somebody else 
goes bust, well so be it, but it won't be because of Ryanair's prices, it will simply be because we're losing money. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay, Michael, why are we not seeing any bankruptcies in Europe? We've seen several already in 
the US. Is there some seasonality into all of this, why aren't we seeing them? 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think generally in Europe, there is a bit more seasonality, and some more cash flows tend to 
be that little bit better. We have seen some considerable signs of stress in the marketplace like we know certain 
competitor airlines who have been put on advance payments, not just for fuels but for airport costs, handling costs, and 
it's very hard to see how absent the very significant refinancing come August, September, October, that those guys 
won't go bankrupt. You've seen some, but they were small, the Eos, the MAXjets, there have been 26 airline 
bankruptcies around the world since the 1 of January of this year, about 12 of those have been in Europe, but they've 
been relatively small scale. You've seen that Vueling-Clickair merger in Spain, two loss making airlines, put them 
together, you just have a bigger loss making Iberia subsidiary, but I think that would be the kind of foretaste of more to 
come. Alitalia in the US would long since had gone bankrupt, but the Italian government gave another 300 million loan 
to keep them going and will probably have to fund them again this winter. Our business is not determined by how the 
competitors are doing. Our business is determined by our cost base which is streaks ahead of any other airlines, and our 
ability to price downwards to maintain very high load factors even during one of these [inaudible] downturns. We've 
done this after 911. We did this after the Madrid bombing. We did this after the first and the second Gulf Wars and 
we're going to do it again this winter. We've been preparing for this downturn for about the last 12 months, that's why 
we have bundled the cash. And I think the good thing I would point investors to is we are taking out costs at the 
moment. When you cut out all of the oil or the fuel crap and our failure to call the market right this time last year by 
hedging, we're responding aggressively now with a 6% decline in unit costs. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: So, I think that's good news. Okay Michael, thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Jim. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Wober. Please go ahead with your question announcing our 
company name and location. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Thank you. Jonathan Wober at Société Générale in London. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Jonathan, hi. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Hi. I see on your presentation on your website today that you're again stating your ambition 
to double profits in five years. As I recall, the base year for the five years was March '07 when you made €400 million. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Am I correct in that? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: So, two years into your five-year period, by the end of this current year, you'll be making a 
loss of up to 60 million according to your current guidance. So, that you've got three years to make up about 850 
million or something like that. Is that still a realistic plan as of three years, and how are you going to do it? Is it going to 
be yields going to recover strongly or unit costs going continue to come down very strongly both of those, or is it 
actually time to maybe abandon that ambition as a unrealistic, I don't know. And then just some detailed questions if I 
may as well, can you give some idea of where head count will go over the course of the year, rent raised very sharply in 
the first quarter? Secondly, can you give us the number of leased versus owned at the balance sheet date at the end of 
June and also planned for the end of the financial year? And finally, can you tell us the dollar rate that you've got 
hedged for the current financial year? Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Charles. Let me give the first two, and then I will ask Howard to give you the leased 
versus owned aircraft and the dollar rate for the rest of the year. I think it is a credible plan to double, and as you know, 
we said we will double traffic, frees traffic and profit by 2012. You are correct, as of last year, that will be '08 profit 
figure of 400, the '07 figure of 400 million, approximately 400 million. I mean I think that largely, it will depend on 
what happens to oil. I don't believe, and I might be wrong, I don't believe oil would stay at $130 a barrel. If it's down, 


so the oil would fall to 70 or $80 per barrel in the next year or two and there is significant consolidation this winter. I 
think you would very readily show a plan where we get to 800 million a year particularly as we are back on the plan. 
Back, reducing unit costs. But the one that we can deliver, we know it's to believe, we have the orders in place. We 
know we've got the traffic. We have the new bases, the new routes, the new destinations in place. In actual fact, at those 
costs, the costs of those airports are falling significantly. What we need then is a break-down of cost of other issues, oil 
prices. We need to break on the monopoly of our cost at Dublin and Stansted, and it's not hard to point, remember, 
Stansted airport doubled their charges to what's in the last 12 months. If Stansted is broken up by the Competition 
Commission and is now a competing airport with the other two London airports, we may well be in a position of whole 
positive funding in term of their cost there to comp to 200 million, you said of a second term that hooked up 4 billion as 
they presently propose. But we'll significantly reduce positive charge expenses. There is lots of things that we could 
effect over the next two or three years that would go – that would increase our profit to 800 million a year. Particularly 
if oil prices raise to $250 a barrel, absent some mass bankruptcies in the industry in Europe, we may not get there. We 
will go for the play, we will go over the traffic and even any fair headwind I think will go to the profit as well. If you 
look back over each period of five years in the last 20 years, we've more than doubled the profit in every five-year 
cycle. Headcount for the remainder of the year won't be significantly different to where it is at the moment, and we 
would have some recruitment of pilot and cabin crew towards the back end of the winter, but no significant increase 
between now and then, and actually in fact the head count expenses this winter with some of the staff or the capacity 
cutbacks through the fall. Leased versus owned aircraft, at the end of the year, we would expect to be above the figure 
here, 366 aircraft, 127 of those will be owned and 39 will be leased...On the dollar rate, Howard, do we disclose our 
dollar rate for the year? 

<A - Howard Millar>: I think what we're advising now is that we are finalizing some of our cover in place. We are 
looking at an average rate this year of about 144. Let's look at them on where we were at the, so many weeks ago as we 
finished out some of the end of our contracts. So, an average rate of 144, in terms of then aircraft, Michael talked about 
the end of June there, I think you said, 127 on owned and 39 on operating lease. And for the 40 deliveries including the 
first couple we got at the start in the year to the 49 aircraft for delivery in this fiscal year, we have 15 in operating lease, 
28 in EXIM and six on Jolco and Jolco is on balance sheet, so 34 on balance sheet, 15 off-balance sheet. That's for 
March '09. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Okay, thank you very much. 

<A - Howard Miller>: Okay, Jonathan. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Jonathan. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Ruskin. Please go ahead with your question, announcing your company 
name and location. 

<Q>: Hi, it's Ken Ruskin from Temujin Fund Management in New York. I just had a question about understanding the 
reconciliation from the early June comments to now, specifically about the June quarter. I just want to understand, it 
sort of implies to meet it has to be that bookings in June in the last few weeks were quite weak. And I wonder if it's, 
there is, the shift in non-willingness of customers to pay higher fare than the last few weeks and they are booking more 
in advance and if that sort of made you more optimistic than you should have been, and then just look forward, how 
you adjust to that over the next few months? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: No, Ken I would characterize it the other way. I mean on the first week of June, we had 
decent visibility into June, good visibility into July, and maundered visibility into August. I think it's fair to characterize 
that what we'll receive in the first week of June has continued on the average fare yield fund through June, July and 
August. But the baggage conversion has been slightly lower than we would have expected at that stage. What is 
different as we moved now into the first week of August is that the forward bookings into September and October 
would appear to be weaker by a couple, one or two percentage points and we're beginning, we're opening up more 


cheaper things. I think what we're seeing is, as I said in the statement, a collapse of consumer confidence and consumer 
spending. Everybody has the, a lot are even pre-booking their holidays, their travel plans for July, June, there is a peak, 
somewhere June, July and August are not be pricing-sensitive and we allow those bookings into system at a time. Our 
load factor there increased as we said back then was driven by jet competitor fuel surcharges, competitor fuel 
surcharges are still arising. But we don't think they will hold into September, October. We think that the consumer 
sentiment particularly in the UK and Ireland has worsened significantly over the past 8 to 10 weeks. You are seeing 
collapse of bank shares, collapse in property prices, a lot of bad news. But that needs us to be now much more 
conservative even though we are talking about the movement of about 2 percentage points in fall bookings to be much 
more conservative and so we are trying to be much more aggressive on pricing and promotion from the end of this 
week onwards. 

<Q>: Okay. So it's not so much about the percentage of people who are booking at the last minute going down a lot of 
that. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Not. 

<Q>: And then just a one follow-up question if I book 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think it's – the buying in fact is the opposite, if the people were booking well and down 
slightly I think September and October needs more price stimulation so that we take that traffic if need be from our 
competitors as well. If there isn't going to be significant traffic growth this winter, then we have to take share from 
competitors and that share can only come at the back of a more aggressive pricing. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. Then one last question I just want to understand on the comparison with easyJet, and in buyer 
numbers, it seems like the revenue per seat in easyJet was up mid single-digit currency adjusted. I don't know if these 
are wrong numbers or not. But I just want to understand should easyJet be benefiting more from the trade-down 
because they are sort of competing more directly with the legacy carriers? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: This is a Ryanair conference call, so, I'm not going to spend too much time on the easyJet 
strategy. I mean all I've seen is, we've seen endless numbers which strips out the positive currency benefit, they have a 
reporting in Sterling and it looks like the underlying yields, stripping out the GB Airways acquisitions and currency 
was about down 3%. And if you kind of try to rule out the fact that we are reporting in Euros the underlying yield 
decline for this quarter looks to be of the order of about 3, between 3 and 4% is not dissimilar. I think we are both 
seeing pretty much the same thing, are above supporting the same thing. It's one reporting in Sterling so they get the 
currency benefit, we are reporting in Euros, we take a currency benefit. 

<Q>: Thank you, Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Ken. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Chris Reid. Please go ahead with your question announcing your company 
name and location. 

<Q - Chris Reid>: Hi guys. It's Chris Reid here from Deutsche Bank in London. I've got three questions. On the 
airport charging side, that was done quite substantially on a unit basis. Could you just talk a little bit about why that 
was, because I guess that was stand by positive in these figures. The other two questions, was there any impact on the 
commercial management side of the business given one of your managers resigned to move to Aer Lingus. Was that 
any sort of motivation in the change in the guidance? And then finally, it seems to me that, if I look at what you said 
eight weeks ago, it seems to me that you weren't expecting yields to be down in Q1 by 8% then, or maybe you were. So 
surely there must have been some weakness at the back end of Q1 in terms of recorded fares, because other you would 
have told us that six weeks ago. Thanks. 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah, thanks Chris. I-look on the airport charging side, yes, we are seeing extraordinary, 
we're receiving extraordinary offers at the movement and those offers are getting better and better. I think what you're 
also seeing we don't have the same kind of massive cost increases at Stansted and Dublin in the first quarter on the 
like-for-like basis we had the previous year although those cost increases are still significant at Stansted and Dublin, 
they have been up in the order of double digit, this time last year, Stansted was going up by 100% and Dublin by 
something of the order of more than 50%. At every other – and if you take all of the other airports excluding Stansted 
and Dublin, our airports and handling costs are falling at all of those other airports combined. And they are helping to 
put us back on a footing of reduced – or kind of an improved unit cost performance on the airport charging side. And 
on one manager resigning, look, one manager resigned, went to join Aer Lingus, I think he was a good guy, I am sorry 
to lose him, but I promise you we don't determine our data – our guidance, our airlines strategy on the basis of one 
manager coming or going, we've had guys who've left us before. I think he left for fairly simple reasons. He was getting 
paid double our money in Aer Lingus and there wasn't a much opportunity for promotion for a year. And we 
understand that. He was a guy in his mid-30s. I am not sure he went to the right place, but if I was 30, in my mid 30's, 
somebody offered me double my money, I'd probably go too. But one manager resigning has nothing to do with our 
guidance. Gees, I wouldn't – it wouldn't have entered our thought process whatsoever, particularly not when he is going 
to an airline whose currently short-haul fares are more than double Ryanair's short-haul fares, and who just increased 
the fuel surcharge for the eighth time in the last two years. So, no, it has no effect on Sean we wish him well although 
he need all our good wishes given on where he is going. And on the Q1 yields, I think if you look back, and I don't 
want to be Jesuitical, I think we should have given you – I think we've probably got over, I mean I got overoptimistic in 
the statement attached to the first quarter. If I read you out just of kind of refresh your memory what I said on the full 
year results, we said outlook for the coming fiscal year to March 2009 remains entirely dependant on fares and fuel 
prices. Based on forward bookings, and this as of the third of June, we now believe it is likely that average fares for the 
coming year will rise by approximately 5%, and if oil prices remain 130 per barrel, then we expect to break even for 
fiscal 2009. Now we probably should've stuck a sentence in there which said, "however, Q1 yields will be down 
because of the absence of Easter. I think we didn't give enough of a flavor that the Q1 yields would be down although 
based on the strong Q2 bookings at that time, we thought maybe that we thought that average yields, average fare 
yields will raise for the, if you like, the following three quarters. So I should have given you more color on that in the 
full year results on the 2 of June. I didn't. You are getting plenty of color on it now. You're down 8% in Q1. There will 
be a small single-digit increase in average fares in Q2, and we're presently guiding, and remember, this is heavily 
qualified. If I, based on what we can see at the moment and some of the, and based on the kind of very aggressive 
pricing and fare promotions we are planning for the next six or eight weeks, we now expect average fares will fall by 
up to a double, small, or a low double-digit figure in Q3 and Q4. 

<Q - Chris Reid>: Great. Thanks, that's very clear, much appreciated. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: All right Chris. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Kieran Mahon. Please go ahead to with your question, announcing your 
company name and location. 

<Q>: Yes, hello gentlemen it's Kieran Mahon calling from Oddi in London. I've got three questions. Michael you said 
that you are taking 30, net 30 new planes over the course of the winter. As things stand, can you just give us some idea 
of where you think you'll put those new planes, perhaps show us where things are strongest. And as a corollary of that 
if we perhaps map out a sort of an 18-month scenario where oil stays high at $130 and yields stay weak, do you ever 
envisage perhaps seeking to delay some of your deliveries with Boeing. My second question is could you give us some 
more color about what exactly is going long at Frankfurt Hahn, some color on the competition or yields or why it isn't 
working? And then thirdly, perhaps the question for Howard. The 18 million accelerated depreciation that you've made 
on the aircraft: how many planes exactly? Can you just give us a cover just that we understand exactly whether your 
balance sheet value for your aircraft is an up-to-date and accurate version of what it's worth. Can you just tell us what 
that 18 million was about, how many planes etcetra? 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay thanks Kieran. Where would the new aircraft go is absolutely impossible to tell you at 
the moment. We presently have base offers on the table though that we would absorb something at the order of 50 and 
60 aircraft, we may do some, all or none of those bases. 

<Q>: Did you say 15 or 50? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: 50. Five-zero. And well, our net aircraft deliveries is going to just be [inaudible] our 42,. It 
all depends on who goes bust, or who consolidates where over the coming winter. I mean for example, British Airways 
are rumored to have a big short-haul capacity cutback in Gatwick this winter. Now if Gatwick came to us and say, 
would you put 10 aircraft in here and the cost base is right, then we would early consider looking at Gatwick, 
particularly if it was cheaper than Stansted. So we intend to be very opportunistic through this winter. Wait and see 
who goes bolster, who cuts back capacity, who consolidates, and a lot of that will drive that aircraft capacity next year. 

However, if nobody goes bust and nobody consolidates and for some strange reason, everybody survives the winter 
with oil for some strange reason, everybody survives the winds with oil at $130 a barrel, we can still put those 30 
aircraft, we will still not have enough aircraft to fulfill the base offers we presently have available to us which are lower 
than our airport – our average airport cost at present. What will happen if oil continues at $130 and yields are weak, 
then there will be more bankruptcies and there will be more consolidation. I mean it's almost like what happens to the 
price of oil. 

<Q>: But you won't delay your aircraft deliveries? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: No, we will not just, we will take the aircraft delivery this winter. And we will in time 
confirm the options we have for delivery in 2010 and 2011. We have no intent – we may take some capacity out during 
the winter at expensive airports like Stansted and Dublin, although in our – it does depend. We wrote to both Stansted 
and Dublin offering to fly those aircraft this winter if they reduce their cost on those particular aircraft and routes, and 
of course, they told us to piss off at ourselves. So we won't slow down. We will maintain our rate of growth. We will 
double the fleet and the traffic to 2012. And I think we will do so in a European market where there would be far fewer 
competitors as a result of some of them going either bankrupt or consolidating this winter. 

In Frankfurt Hahn, it's important not to get a – I think it's important to kind of qualify, is Frankfurt Hahn losing money 
at the moment, yes it is. But only because we are trying to, or are attempting to grow very rapidly at Frankfurt Hahn. 
We presently have a base there of 10 aircraft. Having – we had grown from 2 to 4 and last June, we ramped it from 4 
and the target was to go to 12 aircraft this year almost overnight. It's too much capacity growth in one fell swoop. 
We've already agreed with Frankfurt Hahn we won't put the 11th and 12th aircraft in there this winter up there – will be 

– where we deferred that growth, we may well put it back in there next summer. 
But I think where – Shannon is just fundamentally a loss-making base. We have a very low cost base there and it's part 
of our investment in regional Ireland, although we don't get much thanks from the Irish government for it. Frankfurt 
Hahn, I think if we slow down the rate of growth at Frankfurt Hahn, I do believe it will continue, it will return to 
profitability. Although, as those great geniuses in the European Commission have recently announced an investigation 
of our cost base at Frankfurt Hahn, they might do us a favor and rule it as to be another round of illegal state aid, in 
which case, they might force us to either close the base and withdraw capacity. I don't expect it to happen given that the 
German courts have already thrown out the Lufthansa compliant about the cost base at Frankfurt Hahn, it's just another 
remarkable example of the, those halfwits in the European Commission in launching a state aid investigation in the 
case where the German courts have already investigated and sorted out. 

And I would just caution there, there is nothing wrong with Frankfurt Hahn, I think at the current time, we were just 
trying to grow it much too quickly. We've had a 100% capacity increase over the last twelve months. We've now gone 
to slow back down that growth and I think a lot of those routes through selective pruning, some routes will be cut and 
we will add some more sun destinations there over the winter. I think Frankfurt Hahn will be fine. 

And the Howard, do you want to do that 18 million acceleration and depreciation question? 


<A - Howard Millar>: Yes, Kieran, that relates to 23 aircraft. I think, big issue here is in relation to the aircraft is, we 
were buying these aircraft when the dollar-euro exchange rate was a lot less than 1, in fact some of those aircraft were 
bought at 0.82. So what we are doing is we are taking out our older, more expensive aircraft and replacing them with 
aircraft that in some cases are at nearly half the price. I don't sound surprised when we tell people we are paying, we 
sold these aircraft for pretty much what we bought them. Some cases, we actually sold them for more in dollar term. 
Roughly , the exchange rate has moved quite significantly over that period. It's also very strongly cash generate – 
generating a lot of cash for the business. And we are adding more cheaper aircraft, which as we add more of these 
aircraft, we will continue to reduce our unit cost per passenger of ownership. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Cheers. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Kieran. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Edward Stanford. Please go ahead with your question announcing your 
company name and location. 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: Hi, good afternoon, Edward Stanford from Cazenove. One question on BAA, Michael, have 
they got the message yet, are they beginning to come to the table to offer deals or is to too early to expect that? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Two answers to that, Ed. one, monopolies tend not to get the message. Monopolies do what 
monopolies always do and that is ignore the message. Dublin airport is in it again for most cost increases currently with 
the idiot regulator we have in this country. He of course was on holidays while the air traffic control system collapsed 
here three and four weeks ago. In the UK, it's slightly different. The Competition Commission looks like they are going 
to have a – that there be recommendations, which are due some time at the end of September may well call for at least a 
breakup of the BA monopoly. 

We are seeing some mutterings from the BAA about we feel your pain and we want to respond, yadda-ya, but as usual, 
apart from talking about responding, we don't get action out of them. I think they are probably tactically trying to make 
it look like they are responding to customers needs, but really only for the purposes of either satisfying or probably 
misguiding the Competition Commission. We think it's all unreal, nothing will come of it. And as soon the Competition 
Commission has reported one way or another, normal service is to be resumed, they will be back trying to waste 4 
billion pounds building a terminal that's determined that we can build for 200 million. 

It's all [inaudible] in a system [inaudible] that's why the industry is so fucked up in Europe. We have a system of 
airports there that are rewarded with a regulatory system that says, spend as much as you want, and we will give you 
5% of that whereas most of the airlines are out there dealing with the reality of much higher oil prices, declining 
airfares. We don't need half of these facilities. One of the great scams that have been perpetrated upon the industry by 
the European Commission in recent months is this whole new system where, what you call them, the mobility – the 
mobility – passengers with reduced mobility, PRM. At most airports in Europe, the airport, the airlines have been 
organizing their own services for that, paying own our contractors to provide wheelchairs, systems, all that kind of 
stuff. As the halfwits at Brussels have decided that's not good, that's not a good system. They now want to allocate it to 
the airport to organize it. The airport in most cases and Stansted and Dublin would be at the top queue here, are now 
profiteering on this. They are now organizing the reduced mobility services, but taking about a 25% profit or cut on it 
for – as the administers have burdened their suffering. And for exactly the same service going forward now from this 
week, at most airports, we are now paying something like 20, between 25 and 100% more for wheelchairs than we 
were paying last week when we were all contracting directly with exactly the same wheelchair service provider. 

So at every oppor – every handturn, every regulation is turned by these airports as an opportunity to profiteer against 
the passenger and the airline. And as soon as these halfwit regulators, Harry Bush in the CA and DMR in the CAR in 
Ireland are dismissed on the grounds of incompetence, and let us go back to just appealing to monopolies for monopoly 


abuse, the better. But don't ask me any questions about regulators. We could be here all day. 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Neil Glynn. Please go ahead with your question, 
announcing your company name and location. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Hi; this is Neil Glynn from NCB in Dublin. Good afternoon, folks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Hi, Neil. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Just three quick ones. First of all in relation to baggage, can you confirm as to what proportion of 
passengers checking in a bag we saw in Q1 there? The previous percentage I am aware of was around 60%. And had 
that an overall negative impact on the bottom line and will we wait -- will we have to wait until October to really see 
the cost savings, the full cost savings on positive impact on the bottom line you've talked about in the past? Number 
two, then, in terms of supply chain management, there was a big 33 million inflow on the cash flow statement from 
creditors in Q1 which differed significantly from Q1 '08. Wondering is that a question of squeezing suppliers to help 
the cash flow situation? And then finally, just to check, will that 2% increase in sector length hold for the full year or 
what will we see for FY '09? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah, I missed part three; what was that again? 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: The sector length increase of 2% we saw in Q1: will that hold through for the full financial year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. It should pretty much unless there is some significant opportunity crops up during the 
winter as a result of somebody's bankruptcy or consolidation, we would expect that to hold. 

Baggage in the first quarter. Last year, was running checked-in bags about 60%. It's probably fallen under 60% in the 
first quarter, and we begin to – we believe it's probably heading for under 50% as we run through the winter. We would 
expect it to fall to something of the order of between 40 and 45% this winter. It tends to spike up a little bit during the 
summer in July and August because people tend to travel with more checked-in bags. So we suspect that the underlying 
figure will probably be somewhere around 40, 45% this winter and still falling. Remember, our overall objective is 
within a kind of a two-year period to get it down to about 25%. And part of that is the increase in the carry-on luggage 
limit up to 10 kg. 

Howard, if you want to, or Neil, do you want to take that creditor question? I would imagine that's just a timing issue. I 
mean there is nothing untoward -- I don't know what it is, but Howard... 

<A - Howard Millar>: I think it's quite simply explained. If you look at the user assets which is largely prepayment 
order assets have declined by about 40 million, and that's really translated to the fact that our fuel – our friends in the 
fuel companies are getting a little bit better at billing, so if you net that out that 40 million, that's pretty most of the 
movement. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Great. Just a follow-up in terms of baggage. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes? 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: I think today you're talking again about trialing no-baggage flights? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Would that need an increase in average fares to make that work or will the cost saving be more than 
enough to improve the bottom line on those routes? 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think what we're trying to do is, this is partly, we are testing things in the, in the run-up to 
kiosks. There has not been many flights. We have some flights at the moment on some domestic routes, Milan-Rome, 
Cork-Dublin, for example, where routinely we would have less than 20 bags – checked-in bags per flight. And I think 
what we would be trying to trial is on those flights, if we go just no bags altogether, then we'd actually have no 
check-in and no baggage handers at all. We simply either check in on the web; in fact we might not even use the kiosk. 
You would have a completely automated flight departure apart from the cabin crew and somebody at the boarding gate 
to close, the boarding guard. 

And I think whatever, it wouldn't have any damaging effect on revenues, but it would have a very significant impact on 
costs. We will be going back to the handling companies and to the airport. But if you take even the regulators, we pay a 
terminal charge at Dublin airport, which is supposed to pay for check-in and all that. But then they get us a double 
charge for check-in. Well, if we don't use any check-in on that flight, they will be checked-in on the website. We have 
an argument with the regulator in this country, why are we paying a term to charge those passengers at all? We don't 
need the terminal. 

Also, trying to examine ways that we could kind of split up some of these high airport costs. It's also one of the ways 
where we want to use to kind of explain both for the expensive airport sites, Stansted and Dublin, and for the 
regulators. Dublin airports are proposing to bill. The second terminal in Dublin is not a one-building terminal, it's a 
two-building terminal. The second building of these two building terminals is actually a building specifically designed 
for relief queuing check-in spaces in mind. At a time when we are telling them, look, the whole world is not going to 
relief check-in queues, they are going towards no check-in queues. So don't build the second building; get rid of it 
altogether and get people checked in using kiosks or the website, then you don't need a second building on there 
whatsoever. Same thing applies in Stansted. I mean, this is an opportunity frantic if you can kind of migrate passengers 
traveling with hand luggage and using web check-in or kiosk check-in. You are now fundamentally building much 
simpler airport buildings, not the five-story buildings that the BAAs and Stansteds are so beloved of. But maybe much 
simpler two-story buildings with much shorter dwell time for passengers. Passengers check in on the website, show up 
at the terminal 30 minutes before their departure and just go straight through security. 

And so it's much more a cost drive than it is a – rather a revenue enhancement. I'm sorry, I forgot to come back on your 
previous line on the, does bagging negatively impact the bottom line, we don't think so, there is no evidence. As we 
increase the baggage charges that there's a downward effect on fares and yields. We think what's driving fares and 
yields is just lack of consumer sense, but at the moment, I mean those times of year, June, July August when people are 
paying the highest fares, is also when people are traveling with the most amount checked in bags. They are going on 
holiday. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Michael, I'm going to sign off. It's Howard here. I've just got to next investor meeting. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay. Thanks, Howard. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Cheers 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Does that answer the question, Neil? 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: That's great. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks. Anybody else? 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of [inaudible]. Please go ahead with your question and answer your company 
name and location. The line of [inaudible] is now open. Please go ahead with your question, your company name and 
location. 

<Q>: Sorry; I am thinking that was a mistake. 


Operator 

Hello. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay, anybody else got a question? 

Operator 

We appear to have no further questions at this time. I'll hand the conference back to you. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, folks. Thank you very much for your time and attention today. If anybody has anymore, we're not as you know, 
as is traditional on Q1 and Q3, we don't do a road show. We will be doing the full road show at the end of the half-year 
results we share with you, I think in the first week of November. That obviously, we then have the summer under our 
belt, and a much better picture of what's happening during the winter. If anybody has any follow-up questions, please 
feel free to route them back in here through David Broderick or Jimmy Dempsey, we will be happy to take them. And 
again thank you for your time and here's to much cheaper fares and much fewer competitors this winter. God bless 
everyone! 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


