Q2 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jim Parker 
• John Mattimoe 
• Johannes Braun 
• Michael Kass 
• Eamonn Hughes 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to the Ryanair Half Year Results Conference Call. My name is Sarah and I will be your coordinator for 
today's conference. For the duration of the call, you will be on listen-only. However, at the end of the call, you will 
have the opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] 

I am now handing over to your host Michael O'Leary, CEO to begin today's conference. Thank you. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. So good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. You're all very welcome to the Ryanair half-year results and 
phone conference. I am joined on the line – at the moment we have Howard Millar who is in a cupboard in Heathrow, 
Neil Sorohan is in Dublin, and we are hoping Michael Cawley, Jimmy Gansen, and David Broderick who are in various 
– on the – in airports or traveling at the moment will dial in as we move along. 

And normal format, you will have seen the results which we published this morning on the website www.ryanair.com. 
It's on the home page. 

Half-year profits of 80%, 387 million; fares falling 17% in the half year as traffic grows 15% to 36 million, and we're 
guiding with significantly lower yields in the third and fourth quarters that there will be losses in Q3 and Q4, which 
leaves our full-year guidance unchanged at the lower end of the previously guided range, 200 to 300 million. 

Our average fares in the half year, down 17% to €39; traffic goes up 15% to 36 million passengers; net profit is up 80% 
to 387 million, although this figure is heavily distorted by 42% fall in fuel cost. 

We've restored our best industry-leading net profit margin of 22% for the half year. Ancillary revenues grew at a 
slower rate than traffic by 8%, but is at 20% of total revenues, which is at our kind of guidance that ancillary to be at 
20%. 

Unit costs, excluding fuel, were still down 5% as we maintained very relentless cost discipline. We've moved to 100% 
web check-in from the 1st of October, eliminating forever check-in queues or airport queues on Ryanair. We've also 
extended our fuel hedging position to effectively 50% of next fiscal year – 50% of the first half of fiscal year ending 


March 2011 at an average rate of about $700 per ton, about 15% increase the pay – the average fuel rate we paid in the 
first half of this year. 

I think the growth in the traffic and the profit has been impressive. Obviously the fall in the fuel costs is largely 
accounted for the jump in profitability. We have passed on a lot of those fuel savings in the form of significantly lower 
fares, which declined by 17% and that sort of underpins our continuing strong traffic growth and market share gains 
from a lot of our – the flag carrier competitors, BA, Air France and Lufthansa, all over Europe. 

We expect average fares to decline by up to 20% during the third and fourth quarters as well, which again should 
underpin very strong traffic growth, maintaining high load factors, both will have a downward impact on profitability, 
which is why we expect to make losses in the third and fourth quarter. 

Recent weeks have seen the demise of SkyEurope and Seagle Air in Slovakia, MyAir in Italy. That's opened up new 
airport opportunities for us, which we're capitalizing on now having announced bases in Brindisi and Bari in Southern 
Italy. We'll also open up a new base in Leeds Bradford next March. 

Market conditions in Ireland, the UK and Europe continue to be difficult, characterized by an absence of consumer 
confidence, continuing recession and specific market issues in Ireland and the UK, in particular, where the air travel 
and tourism markets are being devastated by misguided government tourist taxes which applies per ser some reasons 
strangely to air passengers but not to competing ferry or train. 

We continue to call – campaign on the British and Irish governments to scrap these stupid tourist taxes and think the 
Irish government in particular because this year it's bringing in less than 60 million in revenues, yet a loss of VAT 
receipts on the visitor spend would be something about three times ever somewhere north of 200 million. Pointing the 
Irish and British governments that they experienced in Holland, Belgium, and Spain but those governments have 
scraped these silly passenger taxes or have reduced airport charges, in some cases to zero. For example, the Canary 
Islands where Ryanair has responded by opening up 14 new routes at Canary Islands this winter. And we will see 
ourselves continuing to switch capacity flights and routes away from Ireland and the UK where air passenger and 
tourist traffic is in significant decline, and the way into markets such as Belgium, Spain and Italy where a combination 
of lower taxes and lower airport costs means we can continue to expand, benefiting from much lower costs going 
forward. 

Our relentless focus on cost continues to deliver savings. We have – fuel remains volatile. We continue to reduce 
airport and handling costs the way of 100% web check-in initiative. We'll continue that process through the winter. 
Staff costs will continue to be tightly controlled. We had a pay freeze last year and another pay freeze in the coming 
year, now – on the back of losses in the third and fourth quarter. 

However, at a time when many of our competitor airlines are cutting pay or cutting jobs, Ryanair remains one of the, 
probably the only secured employment in the European airline industry. We're not planning any pay cuts or job cuts. As 
long as our people agree to another pay freeze, there won't be any pay cuts in Ryanair in the next 12 months. 

We continue to campaign for the early breakup of the BAA and DAA airport monopolies. We welcome the recent sale 
of Gatwick for 1.5 billion. We believe it should lead to the early sale of Stansted as well, but clearly the BAA 
monopoly is trying to delay the sale of Stansted for example against the Competition Commission's decision to force 
the sale of Stansted on the bizarre grounds that selling Stansted would be bad for the financial performance of the 
monopoly. That's the entire focus of the Competition Commission in breaking up the BAA is to make – to result in a 
better deal for consumers and competition, and an inferior deal for the inefficient, high-cost monopoly. 

Dublin Airport is an accident waiting to happen. We're following – they are following blindly the same sales model 
here in the UK at a regulated airport monopoly. At a time when you could buy Gatwick Airport for 1.5 billion the 
muttonheads who run Dublin Airport are wasting 1.2 billion building a second terminal, which would be opened with 
no traffic whatsoever sometime later on in 2010, but will result in another significant jump in costs at Dublin Airport. 

Allied to this crazy tourist tax in Ireland, it means, I think that air traffic [inaudible] will continue to cut capacity, air 
traffic to and from Ireland will continue to fall, and Dublin Airport will be left with either one or two white elephant 


terminals next year, which is exactly what the Dublin Airport monopoly deserves. 

We regret the continued failure of the governments to break up the DAA monopoly. I think it will inevitably come, 
simply because Ireland and especially Irish tourism cannot afford a high cost, inefficient government-owned airport 
monopoly that wastes the entire value of Gatwick building a second terminal at Dublin that the airport neither wants 
nor needs. 

The existing terminal now with the recent opening at Pier D has capacity for 30 million passengers a year at Dublin. 
Traffic will have fallen this year from 24 million passengers to 20 million, and yet they are about to open up a second 
terminal, which will give Dublin Airport terminal capacity for 60 million passengers with no means of paying for it. 

I regret to report that we made little progress in our discussion with Boeing for an order of 200 aircrafts over the last 
number of months. We won't continue these discussions indefinitely. There is a relatively small gap between us and 
Boeing on pricing, but we now require Boeing to make a decision. We understand that Boeing have their own problems 
at the moment both with the internal management changes and with the delays in production problems in the 787 and 
the 747 program. But we don't think that should stop them going to an agreement as for as an order of at least 200 
aircrafts with Ryanair. We hope we can get a deal done by the end of the year. 

If they don't, we will end those discussions, probably about the end of November and announce a new much slower 
growth plan for Ryanair for 2010, '11 and '12, but no growth after 2012, in which case I think we will run the airline far 
much more aggressively for higher profits, bigger cash generation and would plan to distribute the surplus cash to 
shareholders. There is no point in us continuing to grow rapidly in a recession while, if Boeing don't share our vision 
that this is the way forward. And all we're asking Boeing to do is to share a very small fraction of cost reductions and 
productivity gains they've made in recent years through airport efficient manufacturing processes. 

We don't expect Boeing to sell us aircraft cheaper and [inaudible] than we bought them previously. But we do expect to 
buy – they now order the next round of aircraft at or slightly – at the – at or slightly above we'd paid Boeing in the past, 
particularly given that we've been buying – wish to by aircraft at a time when nobody else is buying aircraft. 

On looking forward it's appropriate that we remain very cautious and conservative in our guidance. Our outlook for 
fiscal 2010 remains unchanged. We expect traffic growth particularly over the winter to remain strong as our 
competitors across Europe cut capacity, particularly in their short-haul markets, but our strong growth will be at the 
expense of declining average fares. 

Yields continue to be negatively impacted by the weakness of sterling and the impact of tourist taxes in the UK and 
Ireland preventing us from reaching our capacity in the Irish and UK markets and as we see it last Friday we – Shannon 
Airport rejected our offer to maintain a four aircraft base in Shannon, but we expect to reduce our capacity of Shannon 
by 75% from March next year, reducing the base aircraft on those aircraft would be switched to lower cost airports and 
no-tax countries elsewhere in Europe away from Ireland. 

We expect yields this winter will continue to fall by up to 20%, which will cause material losses in Q3 and Q4 and 
accordingly the full-year net profit guidance remains unchanged at the lower end of the 200 to 300 million net profit 
range we previously guided. This winter will be a difficult one for the European airline industry. However, Ryanair 
uniquely will continue to grow traffic, market share and profit in Europe this year. We've the strongest balance sheet 
with over 2.5 billion in cash and we continue to negotiate significant cost reductions with airports and are keen to 
continue or to share in our growth while many of the other customers consolidate, reduce capacity or collapse 
altogether. 

Ryanair remains ideally positioned to return substantial profit growth as Europe emerges from this economic downturn 
over the next year or two. And we remain confident that our aggressive growth during a recession policy will continue 
to deliver substantial returns for our passengers, our people and our shareholders over the coming year or two. 

Howard, will you take us through the MD&A please? 


Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

The MD&A, all figures and comments are referenced to the adjusted income statement, excluding the items referred to 
below. 

Exceptional items in the half year ended 30 September, 2009 amounted to 13.5 million, reflecting an impairment of the 
Aer Lingus shareholding. Exceptional items in the half year ended September 30, 2008 amounted to 119.3 million, 
consisting of an impairment of the Aer Lingus shareholding of 93.6 million, and an accelerated depreciation charge of 

25.7 million on aircraft disposing financial years ended 2009 and 2010. 
Adjusted profit after tax increased by 80% to 387 million, compared to 214.6 million in the half year ended September 
30, 2008, primarily due to a 42% decrease in fuel costs, partially offset by a 17% decline in average fares. 

Total operating revenues declined by 2% to 1.766 billion as average fares fell by 17% due to the recession, price 
promotions, and the adverse impact of the movement in the euro/sterling exchange rates. 

Ancillary revenues grew by 8% to 346.3 million, slower than the growth in passenger volumes due to a decline in 
average spend per passenger, primarily due to lower excess baggage revenues, and a negative impact of the movement 
in euro/sterling exchange rates. Total revenue per passenger, as a result, decreased by 15% whilst the load factor 
remained flat at 85% during the period. 

Total operating expenses fell by 17% to 1.314 billion, due to lower fuel prices, offset by the high level of activity and 
increased operating costs associated with the growth of the airline. 

Fuel represents 35% of total operating costs, compared to a 50% level in the comparative period, decreased by 42% to 

459.8 million due to the fall in the price per gallon paid offset by an increase in the number of hours flown. Unit costs, 
excluding fuel, fell by 5%, and including fuel they fell by 27%. 
The operating margin increased by 13 points to 26%, while operating profit increased by 216.2 million to 452.6 
million. 

Net margin increased to 22% from 12% at September 30, 2008, for the reasons I've just outlined above. And adjusted 
earnings per share for the period were $0.2623 per share compared to $0.1444 cents in the previous half year ended 
September 30, 2008. 

On to the balance sheet, total cash and cash equivalents remained strong at 2.536 billion. The Group generated cash 
from operating activities of 382.8 million, and a further 65.6 million was received from the delivery proceeds on the 
sale of three Boeing 737-800 aircrafts, which together partially funded capital expenditure incurred during the period. 

Capital expenditure during the periods amounted to 386.8 million, largely consisting of advance aircraft payments for 
future deliveries and the expenditure associated with delivery of 24 new aircrafts during the half year. 

Total debt, net of repayments, increased by 187.7 million to 2.586 billion during the period. Our net debt at the period 
end fell to 49.2 million. 

That's the end of the MD&A summary. I'll pass it back to Michael. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Howard. Okay, Sarah, let's open it up for questions, please. 

Q&A 

Operator 


Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jim Parker from Raymond James. Please 
go ahead. 
<Q - Jim Parker>: Good afternoon, Michael and Howard. 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Jim. 
<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, Jim. 
<Q - Jim Parker>: What was the impact on fares of sterling, of weakness in sterling, in the quarter? 
<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: It was 3%, Jim. 
<Q - Jim Parker>: About 3%. 


<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. 
<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay. And regarding ancillaries, you are down year-to-year, looks like about 13%. I'm curious 
what the outlook is from here? 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I would expect for the next two quarters Jim that ancillary grow – 
ancillary revenues will track behind the growth of scheduled traffic for the remainder of this year. Next year, we'll be 
more likely to track scheduled traffic growth, although scheduled traffic growth will be slower, as we will maintain 
ancillary revenue at around 20% of total revenues. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: And what are the factors that are causing ancillaries to trail passenger revenue? 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Principally change in kind of shared path. We don't have any new, 
if you like, killer ancillary revenue streams at the moment. We're still fitting out the aircraft with the mobile telephony, 
but we've only got 50 out of 200 aircrafts fitted at the moment, it is growing. But we'd like to get more of the fleets 
fitted. Meanwhile, some of the other charges where we have reached the – increased the baggage fees, the excess 
baggage fees, more and more customers are adopting their behaviors to travel either with carry-on luggage or travel 
with no excess baggage, passengers are traveling much more careful as he would wish to travel with no excess baggage 


fee. So the jump in ancillary that we enjoyed last – over the past two years as we introduced these new fees are now 
gradually working their way out of the system. 
<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay. Thank you. 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Jim. 
<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Thanks, Jim. 


Operator 

The next question comes from the line of John Mattimoe from Merrion Capital. Please go ahead. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Good afternoon. 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hey, John. 
<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi, John. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Just on relation to the fuel side, could you give us any updated thoughts on where you are 


planning to go with fuel hedging from now on? Do you plan to have another FY'11 year-end? 
<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think we're likely. I mean we keep it under review, under 
continuous review. The plan in general terms is to try to have about 50% of next year hedges in place. If we think that 
there is a short-term weakness in oil rates, we will increase that to 90%, and I think by the time we get to the end of this 


fiscal year, we'd like to have 80 or 90% of next year's fuel fully hedged. But if oil prices rise away from us, we might 
have less done and if they fall, we might have more than that done. I mean I think the next focus with 50% of the first 
two quarters done, it would be either, I think, by the time we get to the end of the calendar year to have 50% of quarters 
three and four done or to have taken quarters one and two up to 90%. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. Just on the yield side then, could I just – and apologies if this is a bit pedantic. Can I just 
ask for clarification, just on the yield guidance of the fall of up to 20%, is that for the full year-yield or is that just for 
Q3 and Q4? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: It's for Q3 and Q4. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Q3 and Q4. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And looking at Q3 and Q4, do you have any meaningful bookings in there at this stage 
that you're basing that on? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We have decent visibility as you might imagine at the moment into 
November. We have some visibility for December, but limited. But we got absolutely nothing into January, February 
and March. I think you can take it that on the – currently, our estimate on yields for the third quarter, it certainly won't 
be any worse than minus 20, it might be a little bit better. But Q4 it could be, we now think you are better off to work 
on a figure of minus 20 for the moment for modeling purposes. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And looking back at Q2 was there any big variances in any of the three months to get to 
the minus 20 for the full quarter? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No, not particularly. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. That's it. Thanks for that Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Next question comes from the line of Johannes Braun from Commerzbank. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: Yes, hello, good afternoon everybody. Just again on the yield guidance, at the end of Q1 you 
said that you expect yield for the full year to be at or slightly more than minus 20%. Now you are saying, for the 
winter, you expect up to 20% and that comes after the 70% for H1. So is it fair to assume that you are a bit more 
positive on the full year yield performance then? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think if you hear, a change in tone from we expect 20% to 
we expect up to 20% isn't that significant. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: But up to 20 is only for the winter yields right? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: So it still play out – it's maybe 18, 19% for the full year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: It depends on whether your glass is half empty or half full, like, 
we've done minus 17 for the first half of the year, and if we do 20 for the second half of the year, you would be at 
around minus 18 for the year. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: Right. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think there is anything – put it this way, we don't have a lot 
of visibility yet on the second half. I don't think it's wise to be changing the guidance. And into the third quarter is 


marginally mere 1 or 2% percentage points better than we had originally expected it. I mean the slightest economic 
shock or terrorism, God forbid, you could expect that in the next month or two. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: And it's also we – and we think fuel 
prices are a bit higher than they were when we had our first quarter results announced in August. So if it's slightly 
better than 20 for the full year, some of that difference will be absorbed by fuel prices, which have risen over the last 
couple of weeks. In particular, we only hedge 90% as you know of our total exposures, so that 10% still has to be 
bought at a higher rate. So there's a little – a plus on the one side, a minus on the other side, and overall the guidance is 
still unchanged. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: All right, very clear. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think it's fair to say, we are leaving the guidance unchanged, but I 
think we're happy that it's not going to get any worse than this for the current year, but only because we've locked away 
our target for most of the fuel. We still – but we still had no visibility on Q4 yield. So we've done a little bit better in 
the second quarter than we had originally hoped, than we had originally expected. So I don't see there's much change. 

<Q - Johannes Braun>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Michael Kass from Baron Capital. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael Kass>: Hi, thanks. When I look at your presentation where you go through your competitive position, 
pricing et cetera, and there is obviously an enormous price difference between your average fare and the industry. And 
I recognize that they may not be like-for-like comparisons directly. But when you talk about the pricing pressure, could 
you just talk about comparatively with a – between a 700% – seven times increase in average fare to the high-end 
British Airways or even easyJet at twice your level, to what extent is your pricing policy a function of the current 
environment trying to drive more capacity out of the market versus actually this is the maximum yield you can get in 
this environment? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think the answer to that question is what drives our yields at the 
moment is our own capacity growth. If you look at the – said at the presentation, which is at – there's a slide 
presentation, which is up on the website, I think the key difference between us and many other airlines – all other 
airlines in Europe is set out on page 13. And you see our capacity growth in the current year, we are up 17%; easyJet 
capacity up 3%; Lufthansa minus 5; Air France minus 6; BA minus 7; Iberia minus 8; SAS minus 17 and Alitalia 
minus 23%. 

The only thing driving down our yield, sorry, two things are driving down our yields at the moment, by far in a way the 
most significant of those is our capacity growth during a very deep recession across Europe and then to a certain extent 
as Howard has said is the weakness of sterling. It's taking at about 3% of that. 

And I think that's why we are trying to highlight to shareholders at the moment, look we really almost don't care if we 
don't do a deal with Boeing between now and the end of the year because I think even if we stop, if we decide we're 
going to slowdown that growth rate significantly in the next couple of years if we don't reach agreement with Boeing, I 
think, you'll see a significant upside in terms of yields, profits and cash flow between now and 2012 and the periods 
2012, 2013, 2014. 

So we're not trying to drive capacity out of the marketplace. We are trying to drive our own capacity growth into the 
marketplace, which makes us so attractive for so many airports and countries around Europe. I mean the incredible 
queue of governments and airports who presently are negotiating with Ryanair, trying to us to grow in their country, 
grow with their airports, grow their tourism. 


The only two governments in Europe at the moment who don't say they want to talk to us about growth are the UK 
government and the Irish government, which are sadly following say, the economic policies of doom and gloom. They 
get exactly what they deserve. So I think our yield performance is very much a function of very rapid capacity growth 
during a recession here in Europe, but we're building out as a footprint or a scale here or market share across all the 
major European markets that I think could never be done during a period of strong economic growth, because these 
kind of opportunities simply wouldn't be available to us. 

<Q - Michael Kass>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks very much. 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Ken Ruskin from Temujin Fund Management. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi, guys. Just quick question on the implementation of the 100% web check-in, I guess, by the end of last month, 
beginning of last month. What impact do you think that will have on ancillaries going forward over the next couple of 
quarters? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I don't think it'll have any effect on ancillaries going forward 
having it's largely factored into the existing ancillary model, people pay for the check-in bags. Although I think the 
number of check-in bags will continue, were probably down to a core of 25, 30% of passengers travel with check-in 
bags. As a part of that, we have recently announced, we are not going to allow some of those passengers to travel with a 
second check-in bags for which they pay for, but we'll double their allowance from 15 to 30 kilos. 

So I think we are happy that we have to check-in bags down to the kind of core people really have to travel with 
check-in bag. And you couldn't go to 100% web check-in without getting the check-in bag down to 25% of passengers, 
because you certainly wouldn't be able to handle the bag drop or you wouldn't be able to handle volumes of bag drop, 
so we're there now. We'll continue to take out airport and handling cost and that's the key to this whole move towards 
web check-in. 

And I think it will become much more an issue for us when there is – if Stansted Airport is sold, the new owners, we 
want to sit out and talk to the new owners at Stansted about the possibility of very rapid traffic growth at Stansted on 
the back of a second terminal that will be designed or built to meet Ryanair's requirements, which will be much more 
simplified, no baggage halls, much smaller scale, but much easier access to passengers through the facility because 
there is no check-in left anymore. There will be a very small baggage drop area, a very small baggage reclaim area and 
lots more retailing. So I think the opportunity now at least for Ryanair to lower our airport costs going forward by 
developing really low cost efficient terminal building as we have recently in Charleroi where we have built a new 
terminal for just 25 million or MP2 in Marseille where they converted an old poster hangar into a terminal capable of 
handling about three million passengers a year for us. 

<Q>: Okay. So at the airport check-in, people just show up without having checked in online earlier that, that was – 
that was in some part of ancillaries before, it was eliminated, right? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, it was eliminated. I mean, there – there is a way, a boarding 
card, we issue a fee, but that gets paid by a tiny number of passengers, you really most now check-in before you get to 
the airport. If you don't, the fine is €40 and if that doesn't get rid off them all within a very short order we double that 
fine to €100. But it's not an ancillary revenue generation, and simply we don't want people showing up without the 
pre-printed boarding card. 

<Q>: Okay. Okay, thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks very much. 


Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Eamonn Hughes from Goodbody Stockbrokers. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Hi, there Michael, Howard. Just a clear dissimilation to firstly, I think on the call this 
morning, on the webcast you mentioned possibly unit cost down round about 5% or so again next year. Can we just 
take it that and allow the same drivers again, the airport handling charges and the staff maybe the main drivers, just 
from that point? 

And then secondly just on the yield side, we've had a little bit of structural growth in terms of ancillaries, which 
probably allowed the airline to price down on the yields a little bit more aggressively over the last while, given that we 
now see ancillary structurally probably starting to slow down, does that, a) put more pressure on the yields going up in 
future? I know again the rising oil prices, the dynamic push, what would be your sense in terms of maybe moving to 
yields and getting to more neutral if not even to positive territory, how you would see that play out over the next 12 to 
18 months? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We're going to be careful. We haven't get that down to finalize the 
detailed budget for next year. But if you go back to the time, the core model of Ryanair it is to deliver kind of capacity 
growth every year, underlying yields excluding fuel on the cost line and fuel surcharges on the revenue line. So 
underlying yields falling about 5% and unit costs falling about 5%. I think regardless of whether we do a deal with 
Boeing now before the end of the year or don't, you are going to see us from 2010 onwards grow at a slower rate. We 
will slow down the rate of capacity growth. I think that will take a lot of the pressure off the yield decline. 

I would expect to see our yield decline be no worse than 5% going forward plus or minus fuel. And unit costs certainly 
for the next 12 months fall by maybe another, I think, we are aiming for another 5% and I would think some of those 
will come from the existing drivers, although I think there may be an opportunity for more significant cost reduction if 
we are successful in breaking up the Dublin Airport monopoly and the Stansted monopoly where clearly an awful lot of 
our airport and handling costs and cost increases have been reflected in recent years. 

On the yield side again, I think, drivers for the yield will be slower rate of capacity growth for the next couple of years 
up to 2012, and possibly no growth in capacity after 2012, if we don't reach agreement with Boeing in which we will 
look at much more significant options in yield growth between 2010 and 2012. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Michael, just in terms to say the next negotiation timing on the Stansted and Dublin is that 
within the next sort of six to 12 months, have you any sort of timeline on those? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think Stansted where the next negotiation can only be when if 
they – when Stansted gave it – when the discussions for the sale of Stansted begins to take place, which I assume must 
happen in the next 12 months. I know that BAA are using various legal strategy and it appears it's there to just delay the 
sale. But I would then believe it's inevitable and I hope it will happen in the early part of 2010. 

I think we will want to be in discussions with any of or all of the consortia, who want to look at buying Stansted. I 
know there is kind of a negative piece in the FT recently that Ryanair will be a big blocker to the sale of Stansted, I 
would argue the opposite. 

I think actually we would underpin the sale of Stansted to a non-BAA consortium by showing them look, I think 
Ryanair could double in size than Stansted. This year we'll do about 14 million – 14 million passengers, this year we 
could grow that to 25, 30 million passengers a year over a five or a six-year period, if we have an agreement with 
Boeing on more aircraft. Stansted could absorb a lot of growth and it would be a very good investment for kind of a 
utility or one of these kind of infrastructure funds to build capacity in the London or at the UK southeast relatively 
cheaply and work with an airline that can deliver traffic growth at very low cost – low incremental cost. Dublin, I think, 
government Dublin Airport is going to blow up in the middle of 2010. I mean I can't see anything other than it is 
heading for a train wreck. 


The traffic this year is going to fall from 24 million to 20 million. The terminal capacity at Terminal 1 with the new 
Pier D is now 30 million passengers a year. These fools is the best description I can come up with, are going to open up 
Terminal 2 next year with another 30 million passenger capacity. So you'll have a 60 million passenger capacity at 
Dublin Airport with about 20 million passengers. The only way it can be paid for is to increase passenger charges that 
inevitably means that Aer Lingus and Ryanair will take more capacity out of Dublin. Fall into this kind of self-fulfilling 
vortex of traffic decline, less capacity, and that is sustained under the regulatory, the absolutely crazy regulatory regime 
means that the charges grow up every year for the following year as traffic falls. 

So we have raised – I mean when you look at in terms of scale, they recently sold – Gatwick Airport, the second airport 
in London for 1.5 billion. Dublin Airport have managed to waste about 1.2 billion, building a second terminal at Dublin 
Airport, which is a relatively small regional peripheral airport in European terms with nobody who wants that facility. 
If they're saying, and yes they've gone ahead and done it mainly because of the political incompetence of the 
Department of Transport who instructed the regulator to allow them to go ahead and build the due has recently ensured 

– and in terms of the new charters decision to prioritize the financial viability of the bankrupt Dublin Airport 
organization. So costs are going to keep rising, traffic is going to keep falling. And then actually I think the Irish 
government is going to wake up and realize they've completely [inaudible] up the Irish tourism by protecting a corrupt 
and incompetent Dublin Airport monopoly and levying a tourist tax on the few remaining visitors coming to the only 
island left in Europe. But the present government and corrupt department of transport, I mean, corrupt deserves 
everything that's coming to it the next 12 or 18 months. 
<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Yes, sorry for setting you off on that one. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We're full of optimism I have – full of optimism, I think there's a 
bright future for Ireland because we are finally going to expose utter, shear incompetence of the Department of 
Transport. We're going to expose the next 12 months because Dublin Airport Authority is bankrupt and the Irish 
government and the trade unions are rapidly rolling Aer Lingus into the ground, where it will need to be rescued 
probably by Ryanair in the next 12 or 18 months as it runs out of cash either with a new big redundancy payoff or to a 
fund a ludicrous staff pension scheme. I am very optimistic of Ireland over the medium term because I think this 
government has completely [inaudible] up the industry and the airports in the last two or three years by not listening to 
Ryanair, the only competent airline management in the country. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Okay. So Michael, just to clarify on the volume guidance, can we take it that look – it's – the 
15 mid-teens percentage growth if the Boeing deal gets done over the next two years, then it pairs down to sort of five 
to 7%, and if no deal is done, it immediately pairs down to seven to eight, and then flats out subsequently. Is that – 
that's? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No. I think all bets are off on our capacity growth for the next 
couple of years until we get to the end of November and we understand whether we'll go into a deal with Boeing or not. 
We will then come back to the market, I think, by the day probably in the early part of next year with revised capacity 
growth for 2010, 2011, 2012, and thereafter, which could be slower growth between now and 2012 and much more 
modest growth after 2012, or slower capacity growth for 2012 and no growth thereafter. 

And I think we are saying to Boeing it's your decision, but the time for decision has now come. So I'm not giving any 
guidance on capacity growth for the next couple of years until we get to the end of November and Boeing either make a 
decision, but if Boeing don't make a decision then we are going to make decision ourselves. And that will be canceling 
options, deferring deliveries and growing much slower growth between 2010 to 2012 and no growth after 2012. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: And I think, look, we'll come back to the market probably at the 
time of the third quarter results in early February, and I think everybody just – all we want to do is highlight at a stage 
we may well probably to the end of the relationship with Boeing. I hope not, but frankly, it's Boeing's decision and we 
will be – that decision will be made between now and I think in the end of November. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Thanks. 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Anybody else? 

Operator 

The next question comes from the line of Robert Pickles from Manning & Napier. Please go ahead. 

<Q>: Hi. Let's sort of imagine that scenario where you stopped taking planes from Boeing and start running the 
business for cash. What are some of the challenges you would envision as a management team in that scenario? I'm 
guessing it would be not the easiest thing to do to go from a growth, an airline that's growing, growing, growing to one 
that is now running their business for cash. So what are the challenges you see in that scenario and how would you 
meet them? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Frankly, I mean the biggest challenge in that scenario is what the 
hell do we do with the mountains of cash that suddenly begin to explode off the balance sheet between now and 2012 
as the CapEx spend comes off. I mean most of the other unit costs are well tied down. We would still have a lot of new 
rooms and new airport developments, but it would come from taking or reallocating aircraft assets away from high tax, 
high airport cost markets in Ireland, the UK. 

So, you'll get couple of years of rebalancing the operation. I don't see and if you look at where our cost control is 
coming from in recent years, it's all come from reengineering the way passengers behave, web check-in, getting rid of 
travel agents. We would also be able, I think, to take them and add more capacity we might fly the aircraft a bit longer 
during the days and over the weekend. I think we would get a lot of organic efficiency into the system for a two or 
three-year period. 

I don't really see any other management challenges there because the staff turn around or unions certainly turn around 
and look for, they want some increased pay, no [inaudible]. If our people aren't happy they can always go and apply for 
the job with British Airways or somewhere else, but they don't see any jobs being created there. 

So, I think the issue with, I don't use the word, I don't think it helps us to speculate on what happens with that digit. 
Well, all that happens is we build up cash very quickly and we have to kind of come up for use for that cash and 
frankly, I can't think of one of them returning it to shareholders. But that is a less desired course of action. I really want 
to try to get a deal done with Boeing before the end of this year. I stress and it's important because I don't want to go – I 
don't want to embarrass Boeing. We are not looking – there isn't a big gap between us and Boeing at the moment on 
pricing. The gap is relatively small. But it's for Boeing to close that gap, not for Ryanair. And even if we do a deal, I've 
seen some speculation out there in the marketplace that we're looking for material price reductions on where – what we 
paid Boeing the last time around, the last time we did an aircraft order. It's not, in actual fact the prices we will pay 
Boeing, if they accept our offer, would be higher slightly than the prices we paid Boeing the last time around 
immediately after 9/11. 

And this is a win-win for Boeing, but it really – Boeing have to make a decision. I think they have a lot of their own 
internal problems, there's been a lot of management changes, there is a lot of focus on the 787 or that kind of stuff. And 
I just think the day-to-day business of selling wide body aircraft hasn't gotten the attention it deserves. So we've wasted 
nine months of our lives on trying to do a deal with Boeing, and we're coming to the end of the process. If we can't get 
it done, then we are switching the strategy to a one of much lower and then no growth, and we'll get started for the next 
part of the cycle we just start spinning cash out to shareholders. 

Okay, anymore questions, Sarah? 

Operator 

We have no other questions. I'll hand back. Go ahead for any closing remarks. 


Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, folks, thank you very much for that. I won't try to hold on here because we have something – we need to some 
flights. Howard in Heathrow to get on an aircraft. We'll see you all at some stage over the week. We have six, I think, 
roadshow teams on the roads. If anybody hasn't got a meeting and would like to, please contact us through David 
Broderick in Dublin. All the details of today, the press release, the presentation, everything is on the website. Please go 
to www.ryanair.com, and I hope we'll see you all before between now and the end of the week. Thank you very much, 
everybody. Bye-bye. 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Thank you for attending today's conference. You may now replace your handset. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


