Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ryanair Half Results Conference Call. At this time, all 
participants are in a listen-only mode until we conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will be given 
at that time. [Operator Instructions.]. And just to remind you all, this conference is being recorded. 

I would now like to hand over to your chairperson, Michael O'Leary. Please begin your meeting and I'll be standing by. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Thanks Kim. Good afternoon everybody. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Ryanair half-year results 
conference call. I hope you all have seen this morning the half-year results release. For those of you who haven't, it's 
available together with the investor slide presentation on the website at www.ryanair.com, just go into the Investor 
Relations. 

This morning, as you all know, we announced record half-year results of €329 million after tax. For the half-year, 
traffic grew by 23% to 22 million passengers. Yields were up 9%, as revenues rose by 33% to €1.256 billion. Unit cost 
increased by 7.5% as fuel costs rose 42% to 337 million. Despite these significantly higher fuel costs, Ryanair's after 
tax margin for the half-year rose by 1%age point to 26% as the half-year net profits increased by 39% to 329 million. 

I think they are another very strong set of results. We've delivered record half-year profits despite intense competition, 
very high oil prices, and the impact of the security shambles here in the UK during the month of August. I think the fact 
that these results are so strong, reinforces yet again, what a robust model Ryanair operates, where lowest fares 
continues to drive significant traffic growth and continues to allow us to grow profitably despite these external 
curveballs that may be sent in our way. 

Summer yields have risen by 9% despite a 22% increase in seat capacity. As we've highlighted before in the last couple 
of quarters, this benign yield environment continues. It's driven primarily we believe by the multiple fuel surcharges 
imposed by European flag carriers, which continues to widen the gap between their lowest fares and Ryanair's fares. 
Our unwavering determination, our refusal to countenance any fuel surcharges means we are delivering rapid traffic 
growth and generating higher profit. 

Our ancillary revenues for the half-year have grown by 27%, again continuing to grow at a faster rate than the growth 
in passenger volumes. One new announcement is that our hotel partner, Needahotel.com, has given us notice of 
termination of their contract with us at the end of our fiscal year. It has no impact on our revenues, our profitability for 
the remainder of this fiscal year, and we are very confident that we will – we are going to go to tender. There is a 
number of parties have already expressed a desire to replace NeedaHotel when the contract comes to an end and we are 
confident that we will be able to replace those with a similar hotel wholesaler who will continue, who will allow us to 
provide low cost hotel rooms for our passengers while still generating significant ancillary revenues for Ryanair. 


In addition to the revenues, the hotels, the car rental, the insurance, we've recently announced our own ASB Bingo 
gambling website, our link on link up with Jackpotjoy, we expect that to roll out successfully over the next couple of 
months and in time as and when we get regulatory approval to put the mobile phones on board the aircraft, we expect to 
be rolling that out on board the aircraft as well. 

On the 1st of November last in recent days we announced or introduced new service enhancement, which essentially, 
we start charging for the priority boarding, web check-in service, a very small fee of £2 or €3 per flight. We've also 
extended out to passengers with – excuse me, checked-in luggage, who can now for a similar fee payable at the airport 
immediately after check-in buy a priority boarding sticker, which allows them, particularly if they are traveling with 
families, to qualify for priority boarding. As you know, at the moment the priority boarding is limited to the passengers 
traveling with hand luggage who have web checked-in. We believe there is a demand – families, particularly, will pay 
the extra fee to qualify for priority boarding. We think that will help ancillary revenues, particularly over the winter 
period in addition to the baggage charges, which continue. 

Unit costs over the half-year have increased by 7.5%, again it's primarily due to two things that have been well 
highlighted to investors: higher fuel costs; the once-off step up in our staff costs associated with increasing the crewing 
ratio on the aircraft as the flight sectors get longer; and the expansion of the Dublin airport this year. Dublin is one of 
the most expensive airports we operate at, so that was always going to have an impact on our airport and handling 
costs. 

Over the half year, as I said, fuel has risen by 42%, but has not been able to damage our remaining profitable growth. 
We are already hedged at 90% out till the end of March 2007 at $73 a barrel. We chose to do that because the budget 
figure for the remainder of this winter was at $74 a barrel and as soon as the oil prices softened back and we thought 
there was an opportunity to lock it away at less than our budget number, we jumped on it. 

Clearly, as prices have continued to weaken we are a little bit out of the market but we are not in any way perturbed, as 
I said as long as it is below our budget number, we are quite happy to hedge that. We are in an interesting scenario at 
the moment on future hedges as oil prices continue to weaken. We are particularly focused on next winter, which is the 
winter of '07, spring of '08, or our Q3 and Q4 of next year. Clearly historically oil prices have spiked upwards as you 
go into the winter and it hasn't happened as we went into this winter, but we don't want to take any chances for next 
year. 

We have taken the benefit of the recent fall in forward prices to hedge away 50% of our October to December quarter 
of '07, 50% of our oil requirements for that quarter, and by doing so we have locked in a 10% price reduction on our oil 
cost on 50% of our requirements for that quarter. We are continuing to watch the market closely. I think we are more 
relaxed about the forward rate for next summer. We hope that the recent trend of falling oil prices will continue into 
next summer, but where we see opportunity to hedge away next summer's oil requirement and lock in cost reductions 
of 10% or more, we think it makes sense to do so and I think that continues to be our strategy for the moment. So at this 
point in time we are hedged 50% of our requirements for the Q3 of next year at a 10% lower cost than this year. We 
haven't done anything for next year's Q4 or for Q1 or 2 either. 

The three new bases launched this year, Liverpool, East Midlands and Shannon performed very well over the summer, 
fares to Shannon however continued to disappoint; even though the volumes are good, the fares are below our 
expectations. We have announced three new bases this winter, Marseille which launches on Thursday, Madrid which 
launches at the end of November, and Bremen in Northern Germany, which launches in at the end of January and early 
February. Advanced bookings on all of these three bases are strong and we believe they will be significant additions to 
the Ryanair base and route network next year. A significant milestone was reached in August when Ryanair became the 
first European low fares airline to carry 4 million passengers in one month. Clearly, the growth continues to be – will 
continue to grow strongly. 

Other recent developments in October, we exercised option for – converted options to firm aircraft for 32 Boeing 
737-800 to be delivered between September 2008 and June 2009. It's part of our ongoing plan to double our traffic 
from 42 to 80, 84 million passengers by 2012. We also ordered 10 more aircraft simulators, 5 firm and 5 options. And 
these again will be delivered between 2008 and 2013; will enable us to reduce our pilot training costs as well as 


improving safety and training. 

Excuse me – sorry, I got the flu jab last week and immediately got the flu – forgive me. We continue to oppose the 
BAA's airport plan, the monopoly airport plan to waste £4 billion sterling on a second runway and second terminal here 
at Stansted. Our own figures and those of the other Stansted Airport users suggest that these facilities could and should 
be built for less than 1 billion. We continue to campaign for the break up of the BAA airport monopoly. We remain 
deeply concerned by the continuing understaffing of airport security at Stansted, which has caused numerous passenger 
delays getting through airport security in recent weeks and that's also disrupted or delayed many of our flights. 

The management of the Stansted Airport security is particularly inept. We believe it reflects the BAA airport 
monopoly's own inept management that 10 weeks after the problems associated with the 10th of August they still 
haven't got the right – they still haven't recruited the security staffing they need at Stansted to handle the new security 
regime, in that they are the only one of the 18 UK airports we fly to that are still experiencing problems with staffing at 
security and queues. And it's simply unacceptable that 10 weeks after the incidence of the 10th of August, particularly 
as the security situation in UK airports has returned to normal, that the BAA at Stansted continue to woefully 
under-staff the security points giving rise to large queues and many passenger delays at Stansted. We've written both to 
the Department of Transport and to the CAA highlighting this failure of BAA management the latent state of BAA 
management and calling again for them to take some action, firstly to force the BAA to actually provide the security 
staffing that they are contracted to provide to airline users at Stansted, and secondly to break up this inefficient, 
incompetent and inept airport monopoly and allow competition to deliver what the BAA monopoly has patently failed 
to. 

The tragedy at Dublin airport continues unabated, the DAA have recently received local authority planning permission 
for their new shiny terminal 2, this was previously announced in September 2005 as a terminal with a 15 million 
passenger capacity at a cost of between 170 million to €200 million. When the plans were finally unveiled in 
September 2006 the same 15 million passenger capacity terminal had mushroomed in cost from 170 million to over 
€750 million, a 4.5 time – 4.5 fold cost increase even before it applied for planning commission. 

We think that this ridiculous waste of money typifies what happens when you have government owned monopolies 
operating in a market where there is ineffectual regulation, which there is clearly in both the UK and in Ireland. And 
the fact that the DAA are now proposing an outrageous 60% increase in per passenger charge to the Dublin airport to 
pay for this unnecessarily expensive and over specified terminal building vindicates our view that what's necessary at 
Dublin airport is a competing terminal, which is what the government previously promised us, and not allowing the 
same incompetent airport monopoly that has so mis-managed the first terminal to build the second terminal as well. 
Ryanair will continue to oppose the terminals, the current planned terminal two. We will be appealing the planning 
decision to onboard Canola and subsequently we believe to the courts if we don't get satisfaction with onboard Canola. 

For the – some of you may have noted that on the 5th of October last we announced a 'Cash Offer' for Aer Lingus, 
which is a small Irish airline, many of you have already heard of them at 280 per share, which valued Aer Lingus at 
approximately 1.48 billion. We've already acquired a 19.2% stake in Aer Lingus at a cost of €254 million. We have 
believed and set out in our offer document our significant opportunities by combining the purchasing power of Ryanair 
and Aer Lingus to substantially reduce its operating cost to increase its efficiencies and to pass these savings on in the 
form of lower fares to Aer Lingus consumers. We have committed Ryanair if our offer is successful to retain the Aer 
Lingus brand and the Heathrow slots to upgrading their dated long haul product. And much more importantly from a 
consumer point of view, we are committed to reducing their short haul fares by 2.5% per year for a minimum of four 
years. We believe the combination of Aer Lingus and Ryanair into one strong Irish airline group will be rewarding for 
consumers and will enable us both to compete vigorously with the main carriers in Europe. 

The EU Competition Boards are currently reviewing the proposed acquisition and we anticipate that the final outcome 
of that regulatory review will not be known until about late December 2006, probably some time just before Christmas. 
If our offer is not accepted by a majority of Aer Lingus shareholders, we will however, continue to be a significant 
minority shareholder and we will exercise whatever influence we can to try to encourage Aer Lingus's board and 
management to reduce its high costs and to offer significantly lower fares, which is we believe Aer Lingus' best 


strategy for the future. 

Overall, we remain cautious in our outlook for the second half of the year because we are rolling out substantial 
capacity expansion and expect to suffer, or continue to suffer significantly higher oil prices than the comparable period 
last year. However, we do expect to deliver significant traffic growth as we launch 113 new routes and 3 new bases at 
Marseille, Bremen, and Madrid, albeit at slightly lower load factors. We expect the monthly load factor to be about 2% 
down month-on-month compared to last year as we go through the winter period. During which, however, these lower 
load factors we believe will lead to better yield stability for the remainder of the second half. The benign yield 
environment continues to prevail thanks to the multiple fuel surcharges of our competitors and it's noteworthy that very 
few of those competitors have rolled back their fuel surcharges despite the recent 25% reduction in oil prices. 

Based on the reasonable level of visibility we have for Q3, it now appears likely that our yields in Q3 will increase by 
between 2 and 3% compared to our original forecast which was for a 5% decline. As you know, this time of the year 
we have little visibility into Q4 and therefore we continue to believe that the yield performance in Q4 will be slightly 
lower, but not as much as the minus 5% decline we previously guided; we are expecting full year to be in the 0 to 
minus 5% range. Accordingly over the six months of the half-year we now expect yield to be flat over the winter 
period. And our net profit for the second half will still be materially lower than it was last year. Again we have guided 
you previously on this trend. As a result we now expect that the increase in net profit after tax for the fiscal year will be 
approximately up 16% to 350 million. This is significantly higher then our previous guidance which was for profit 
growth of 11%. 

Overall while intense competition in the market continues, Ryanair's unique combination of the lowest fares in every 
market, the lowest cost base by a distance and industry leading customer service delivery will enable us to continue to 
lead the low fares revolution for the benefit of our passengers, our staff and our shareholders. Furthermore we have 
announced today that the Board of Directors intends to seek shareholder approval for a 2 for 1 stock spilt at the next 
EGM which will be held in December on the proposed acquisition of Aer Lingus. The purpose of the stock split as 
many of you know is to improve the marketability of liquidity of the stock; the existing ratio of 5 ordinary shares to 1 
ADR will be retained. 

That's the end of my introductory remarks. Now I will hand you over to Howard Millar who will take you through, 
briefly through the MD&A. Howard? 

Howard Millar, Chief Financial Officer 

Okay, thanks very much Michael. Looking at the summary MD&A, profits for the half-year increased by 36% to 329.1 
million compared to 242.3 million the previous half year ended September 30, 2005. These results allowed us to 
achieve our strong growth in passenger volumes and continue tight cost control excluding fuel and staff which were 
both significantly higher than the previous periods. Gross operating revenues increased by 33% to 1.256 billion which 
is greater then the 23% growth in passenger volumes as average fares rose by 9% and ancillary revenues grew by 27% 
to 154.3 million. Total revenue per passenger results increased by 8%, while passenger load factor increased by 1% – 
sorry, 1.287% during the period. 

Total operating expenses increased by 31% to 870.6 million due to increased level of activity and increased costs 
associated with growth of the airline. Fuel, which represents 39% of total operating cost compared to 36% last year, 
increased by 42% to €337 million due to substantial increases in US dollar cost per gallon partially offset by positive 
movement in US dollar exchange rates and a 2% reduction in fuel consumption due to the installation of winglets on a 
portion of our Boeing 737-800 fleet. Remaining retrofit winglets will be installed across the fleet by the year-end. 

Unit costs excluding fuel and staff cost declined by 1%. Staff cost rose by 36% reflecting an increase in our crewing 
ratio, primarily as a result of increases in our section length. Despite the significant higher fuel and staff cost incurred 
operating margin increased by 1 point to 31%, whilst operating profit before exceptional items increased by 37% to 

385.8 million. 

Net margin as a result increased 1 point to 26% for the reasons outlined above. Adjusted basic earnings per share has 
risen by 38% to 42.67% for the period. The balance sheet – the strong growth in profitability continues to positively 
impact the bottom sheet with total cash increasing by €121.1 million to 2.09 – €3.1 billion despite investing 185.4 
million in a 15% stake in Aer Lingus and funding an additional 88.8 million in capital expenditure from internal 
resources. The company debt financed just one Boeing 737-800 aircraft and funded additional aircraft deposits during 
the periods. 

Total debt declined during the period as repayments exceeded cash drawdown by €42.8 million. Shareholder's forms at 
September 30, 2006 have increased by €304.8 million to €2.296 billion compared to March 31, 2006, reflecting the 

329.1 increase in profitability during the period and the exercise of share options, which increased shareholder funds by 
€6.5 million. This was offset by reduction of 30.8 million resulting from the adjustments required under IFRS 
regulations, the accounting treatment for derivative financial instruments, pensions, and stock options. 
I'll hand it back to Michael then for questions. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Thanks for that Howard. Ladies and gentlemen, before we open up to questions, I just want to make a couple of 
remarks on the Aer Lingus offer. If you go to the website you'll see the investor presentation where we have included 
one slide, slide number 14 in relation to the Aer Lingus offer. And we are not going to add anything further to what's on 
that slide. It's essentially said that we've acquired 19.2% of Aer Lingus at €2.48 per share. We've launched an offer at 
€2.80 per share, which was a very generous 27% premium to the IPO price, which was priced about seven days before 
our offer. 

The strategy would comprise of – consists of allowing Aer Lingus to team up with Ryanair to form one strong Irish 
airline group. We believe that on its own as a small regional independent airline it has no long-term future. If the offer 
continues we are committed to lowering Aer Lingus's costs, lowering Aer Lingus's short haul fares by 2.5% per annum 
for a minimum period of 4 years. We would commit ourselves to improving their service delivery within their brand 
and their Heathrow slots. 

Everything is now out in the open. We have published our offer document I think a week ago. I understand Aer Lingus 
published their defense documents on Friday. I haven't seen it. I have no comment to make on as of now nor will we 
until we get back off this week's road show. So the only uptake and developments are we've submitted the formal 
competition application to the EU competition authorities, expect their review to be completed before the end of 
December 2006. We understand that the ESOT, which is the Aer Lingus employee trust, is balloting on our offer at the 
moment. The ballot is due to take on the order of two weeks. 

Our public position, which on this is not new information, we previously stated if the ESOT projects our offer that 
would mean that about 47% of the shareholders of Aer Lingus will have rejected our offer. I think at that stage it is 
unlikely although clearly not impossible for our offer to succeed, but clearly it is going to be very difficult to get to 
50.01% or a majority if there is only about 53% of the shareholders left. So, I think the position is that if ESOT goes 
against this, the offer is unlikely to succeed. If they accept it, the offer is likely to succeed. I think – and the reason I 
don't want to – we are not going to deal with too many – any questions on Aer Lingus on this call is we really want to 
refocus investors, the company, and I know it's impossible to refocus the media on anything other than short-term 
issues, back on the Ryanair strategy, the Ryanair, business plan. As this morning's results indicate the underlying 
business is performing very strongly. We are growing like gangbusters. There is nobody out there in Europe able to 
compete with us. There is no flag carrier airline who can match our fares. There is no so-called low fares airline can 
match Ryanair's fares. And there's sure as hell no Irish airline can match Ryanair's fares. 

And what I want to use today's conference call is to answer questions on the continuing roll out of Ryanair's business 
plan, the continuing rollout of Ryanair's strategy, and how we intend to successfully double in size over the next five 
years from 40 to over 80 million passengers and hopefully through tight cost management and yield management 
double the profits over that period of time. So normally on a conference call, I'd answer any question you have, but this 


time I hope you will forgive me if anybody asks me any questions on Aer Lingus, the answer is going to be, I am not 
answering that I would refer you back to page 14 of our slide presentation on our website. 

So Kim, if you don't mind I'd now like to open up the conference for questions on Ryanair's results, Ryanair's business 
plans, Ryanair's growth, and Ryanair's continued expansion in Europe in a market base where no one can compete with 
Ryanair. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joe Gill from Goodbody in Dublin. Please 
go ahead, your line is now open. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Good afternoon. I have got about four things to ask questions on. First off, given that your unit costs in 
total have gone up in Q2, what is your guidance on fiscal year '08 ex-fuel unit costs, what do you think you can shoot 
for in that particular year? And second, in relation to tax guidance given, it's gone up in the second quarter, should we 
read anything into that significant for the longer term or is it just specific issues in Q2 and in particular on capital loans 
and so on? Can we expect a number below 12% going forward? And third in relation to yield performance, on July 1st 
with your Q1 numbers when you talked about Q2 yield guidance, you mentioned 2%, 1 to 2% for the quarter. Based on 
what you pumped the system at that stage and that was predetermined in London in August, could you just maybe talk 
a little bit about why it's coming in much better, was it late bookings or was it a September effect or what exactly was 
going on there? And looking forwards, are you being particularly conservative again for Q3 and especially Q4, given 
that we've got baggage, web check-in, you're curtailing your load factors and so on to manage yield for the winter, and 
just maybe talk a little bit around that? And next one is just on fuel hedging, you've obviously done some good hedging 
for Q3 next year, Q1 and Q2 thoughts vis-à-vis percentage hedge you'd go for, would you prefer to go for a 50% hedge 
if it suited you for the summer, one? And secondly, are you looking for another 10% year-on-year cost in the oil price 
to lock in a hedge for that period? And the last point is on managing Dublin Airport as Ryanair stands right now, what 
sort of leverage have you got vis-à-vis cost of Dublin and are you budgeting for anything material in terms of an 
increase in charge for fiscal '08? Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Joe, that's a bit of a mouthful, but we will try and hit them as best we can. Unit costs 
for fiscal '08, it's a bit early yet for any detailed predictions, but I would simply send you back to, if you like the basic 
business model here, which is on an annualized basis fares will fall by about 5% a year. We expect unit cost excluding 
fuel to fall by about 5% a year, and we would see no real reason to divert from that. But that's a more, if you like, that's 
simply taking the 5-year business model and the planning into fiscal '08. We won't be able to give you any more 
detailed color on that until we get to probably the third quarter result for the January – January of next year. Clearly the 
big driver in that though is going to be the lower oil prices, and I think you are going to see an awful lot of cost 
reduction coming from the airlines generally next year simply on the back of oil prices, and we would hope to gain in 
that. That's why we've locked away, if you like, 50% of the third quarter's oil once we thought we could get secure 10% 
cost reduction. 

Tax guidance there is nothing significant in this half, it is just a timing issue, by the time you get to the full 12 months 
there is nothing untoward in the tax area. Yield guidance, what's driving it is still frankly the fuel surcharges of the 
competition. We had good visibility in therefore Q4, or Q3 rather sorry, the baggage revenues are coming through 
strongly, I mean I think we have probably expected that they would be more of a "consumer resistance" to the baggage 
charges. In fact we met with very little over the summer and we think again much of that is a result of the fact that 
when passengers are asked to pay for checking a bag, their alternative is to fly with one of the other airlines. And I 
think when they go on to the other airline's website and see the kind of yield maximization policies being followed by 
many of our so called low fare airline competitors around Europe, not to mention the flag carrier airlines, add that to 
the fuel surcharges that some of these so called low fare airlines are levying, as well as the blanket charges, they are 
coming straight back to us. 


But I think the underlying thing is that there was a theme we tried to deal with at the investor conference in New York 
recently and that was, there is a bit of a change you can see in the European market at the moment is there's very little 
capacity additions going into the short haul market, Europe-wide. Ryanair and easyJet are probably the only people 
adding aircraft. But the flag carriers are probably taking out as much short haul capacity overall on a pan-European 
basis as Ryanair and easyJet are adding. 

You also look at trends like the London Airport, they are essentially full at the moment. The reason why the European 
flags have been able to make fuel surcharges stick over the last 12 months and equally importantly, why they have 
refused to give back those fuel surcharges as oil prices have fallen by 25% recently, and that is because I think there is 
a bit more pricing power in a stable capacity environment in the European short haul market. And I think what you are 
seeing in our yields is us, Ryanair, fighting the lowest fare providers, simply benefiting from that. Remember, we are 
not price setters and nor do we manage prices. We manage the load factor. We are price passers. And what's happening 
over the summer despite a 23% capacity increase, we've seen our load factors rise and our yields rise simply because 
either the higher fares or the fuel surcharges of the competition is driving that in our direction. 

And are we being pessimistic or just conservative on Q4? Yes, we are. We are right to be conservative, both because A, 
we don't have any visibility at the moment on Q4 bookings and yields. And those of you who remember back to the 
profit warnings some four years ago, will remember that we are not going to get ourselves back into that situation 
again. I think though it's safe to say that if we do not see any outside negative influences like a terrorist attack, like 
some negative industry thing happen in the next three months, I don't see why this benign yield environment may not 
continue into Q4. But all we are saying to you today is look, we have no visibility, there is no reason we wouldn't 
expect it, but until we have some visibility, which will be the middle to the end of January, you're better off to run with 
our more conservative yield guidance into the fourth quarter. So, with more positive yield guidance, good visibility in 
Q3, we are still more conservative in Q4 and overall for the half-year, we think yields will remain flat. 

Fuel hedging – Q1 through next year, we'll have lower comparable price, particularly in Q1 and to a lesser extent in 
Q2. If you take the current quarters, our quarters 3 and 4, we are paying an average of €73 a barrel. We are able to lock 
away our hedge out at least 10% less than that at the moment for Q3 and Q4 of next year. Our average price in Q1 and 
Q2 were a little bit lower than that, but you know, prices rolled steeply as we went through this summer. I still think we 
would go in and hedge if we saw an opportunity to hedge at 10% less than what we paid in Q1 and Q2 of this year, but 
that, if you like barge, would be less than, a bit less than $73 a barrel, so there's a bit more to go there. And equally I 
think we'll be a bit more relaxed about fuel if it continues to soften at the moment and the supply numbers continue to 
be strong, but always through the winter coming into the spring will probably be a little bit weaker anyway. So I think 
we'd be more aggressive in terms of what pricing we look for before we hedge Q1 and 2, so we continue to be cautious 
and conservative at the prices we hedge next year's Q3 and 4, because those are the two winter quarters. Finally, 
touching on Dublin airport, what leverage do we have over Dublin airport? Frankly none, one of the more entertaining 
aspects of the offer for the airline whose name I am not allowed to, I refuse to mention, has been to see the Irish 
government and all the chatteratti of Ireland, harping on, particularly the Transport Minister and the Prime Minister, 
declaring that in transport in the field of aviation and airport specifically, monopolies were a bad thing. It's richly ironic 
coming from a minister and a prime minister who are all in control at the Dublin airport monopoly, which has over 
recent years continued to ignore the call from not just Ryanair, but also Aer Lingus and other airlines for lower cost and 
more efficient facilities. I think, it's equally richly ironic that one of the planks of the government's opposition to our 
offer for Aer Lingus is that combined Ryanair and Aer Lingus would have about 70% of the seat capacity to and from 
Dublin airport and that would be bad for consumers. But at same time ignoring the fact that the government owns 
100% of the airport. And even if we did have 70%, we still have no negotiating power at Dublin Airport and the fact 
that these guys are out there trying to drive through a terminal building that's five storeys high that will cost 750 
million, when only a year ago they were saying it would cost a 170 million. The fact that they are looking for a 60% 
cost increase on a per passenger basis indicates that this is a monopoly and that the airlines and the customers have no 
negotiating power, no leverage at Dublin airport at all. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Thanks 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Joe 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Parker from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is 
now open. 

<Q - James Parker>: Michael and Howard good afternoon. I want to ask if you could give us an update on the run rate 
on an annual basis for your bag charges, for your online boarding, and – or your online boarding passes and priority 
boarding. What's the revenue running at on an annual basis? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Jim we are not really giving out that, but what we can say is that we would expect the ancillary 
side of that, which includes obviously the excess baggage charges, to continue to run at a faster rate than the growth in 
passenger volumes. I think what we've seen with the bag charges, we have given quite a bit of that back despite all of 
the talk about the additional baggage charges and our average fare in the second quarter was only up €3 per passenger. 
So clearly we didn't get very much for the baggage charge although we did positive. So I think over the year it will be 
on the whole positive but we've given an awful lot of it back. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: And remember Jim it's ultimately self-defeating. I mean we are going to keep increasing the 
checked-in baggage charges until we persuade a significant number of our existing passengers to travel with carry-on 
luggage only and do with less checked-in bags. So it's not a long-term revenue stream, it's a stream of income, which 
we are determined to forgo over time by persuading – any day at the moment about 50% of our passengers who are 
traveling with checked-in bags. We think we can increase that to about 75% of our passengers traveling with carry-on 
luggage, 25% with checked-in bags, and at that stage we would be down to the people who, imperative, really have to 
travel with checked-in bags and even though the checked-in baggage fee would be higher, Ryanair's fares are still so 
markedly lower than any other airline anywhere in Europe. By flying with Ryanair even if they haven't checked-in a 
bag they'll still be making enormous savings over the fares being charged by our competitors. 

It's also interesting to see in recent months many of our competitors who said they would never introduce baggage 
charges have now announced baggage charges. And unlike us they are not doing it as a way of driving or persuading 
more people to travel with carry-on luggage, they are just lobbing it in as another means of surcharging their passengers 
on top of the fuel surcharges they are already charging. 

<Q - James Parker>: Okay, Michael the second question, through over the years you have said you have no interest in 
Central Europe but now you are pretty extensively involved in Central Europe, you also suggested that you probably 
wouldn't be interested in making acquisitions and at least you tried one here lately. You said perhaps you don't have 
any interest in doing Transatlantic business, I am curious when you might do that, in that currently there is a startup 
airline in the US flying business class into Stansted and it appears about 34% of their traffic is connecting at Stansted 
with Ryanair and easyJet, not on a formal basis, but that's something that might be attractive to Ryanair at some point, 
what's your thought on that? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think in some cases you've just got to remember, I mean I also said that I would retire in 
1992, I'd retire in 1995, and I think again in 1998. Some of my forecasts just turn out not to be terribly accurate. I mean 
generally we intend to continue to grow organically. As you can see from today's results, our organic growth and the 
roll out of the business model is going like a – I was going to say rocket but may be like a 737 – fully laden 737-800 
would be more accurate. And that continues to be the business model. It won't stop us from time to time but we think 
there is an opportunity to make money on behalf of our shareholders, acquiring a Buzz,, acquiring an Aer Lingus or 
something, simply because it's there and we can see a way to making a decent return out of such an investment but 
without distracting from the continuing roll out of the organic business model which continues to succeed so well. 

And we have no interest in Transatlantic flying. I know the question has been asked in the context of Aer Lingus – is it 
some back way into Transatlantic. It isn't. Aer Lingus is still fundamentally a short haul airline, 85% of its passengers 
travel short haul and that's where we think we could bring a lot to the table if we were able to put the two airlines 
together in one Irish group. 


I am aware, there is actually two business only airlines: a thing called Eos and a thing called MAXjet flying between 
Stansted and the US. We have no interest. They previously asked us would we link with them, connect to them, we said 
no, no interest, not interested in the business. The fact is that a large proportion of their traffic are connecting on 
because of Stansted is probably understandable. The only way of getting in and out of Stansted for most people is on 
Ryanair. In all cases the passengers do it at their own risk. They come around. They check in their own bags. If they 
miss our flight, they miss our flight. They then must pay the full one-way fare to get on the next flight. 

Our business model, and this is what I really want to get investors focused back on, our business model is about being 
the number one by far and away the lowest fare short haul airline in Europe and doubling the size of our operation in 
Europe from – organically from 40 million passengers to 80 million passengers a year over the next 5 years. And what I 
really want to reemphasize here today is this morning's results demonstrate just how well we are executing that model 
despite the media and some of the others being a little bit distracted by the offer we've made to Aer Lingus in recent 
weeks. The business is going like gangbusters. The business model is going like gangbusters, and that's why we believe 
shareholders will continue to enjoy superior returns over the next 5 years. Because we won't be distracted by 
acquisition; we're not going to be getting into the long haul market. Somebody else can do it, but it won't be Ryanair. 

<Q - James Parker>: Okay, thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Jim. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Furlong. Please go ahead with 
your question announcing your company name and location. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: It's Stephen Furlong from Davy [Stockbrokers]. Just Michael on the roll out of the business 
model and just like to get some more color on how the bookings are going for the 3 new bases at Marseille, Bremen, 
and Madrid. And also, I think it's interesting that those bases are kind of – how they were promoted immediately as 
being bases, they weren't destinations before, so you might give us some color on how it is impacting marketing spend 
is allocated so that the brand, which obviously you have known at these locations, whether it's maximized. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah, thanks Stephen. I think it's safe to say the advance bookings, Bremen is still only 
launching in February, so like we have strong advance bookings, but it's still relatively low in percentage terms. 
Marseille and Madrid are booking above the average of what we would normally be experiencing in previous – for 
previous base launches. And I think we are also getting – you know we are at that virtual stage in a kind of 
Pan-European center. Ryanair is now so big, there is almost nowhere that hasn't heard of us. We don't need to go in and 
spend a lot of money marketing and advertising in Marseille. We certainly don't need to do it in Madrid. 

I mean I give you, for flavor we went down and I did a kind of a new route launch in Madrid last week. Thanks to the 
efforts of the local unions we created a riot outside the hotel which was extensively covered in the national television, 
national media, national newspapers down there and you know for the sake of one very cheap press conference and one 
riot outside the hotel that cost us nothing we had a surge in bookings in Madrid and it's safe to say a surge in 
recognition of Ryanair. One might argue that maybe all of the recognition wasn't exactly glowing – it may have been 
just that we were somehow anti-union or anti-employee. But like the bad PR sells as many seats as the good PR, in fact 
generally the bad PR tends to sell more. We, as a result of press conference though there seems to be a bit more balance 
coming into some of the media coverage of Ryanair in Spain, because we were able to make some simple but effective 
points such as the average pay in Ryanair is higher than it is in Iberia. None of the people causing a riot outside the 
hotel were Ryanair employees, they were actually either Iberia or trade-union employees. 

And simply – so I think the bases, the new bases are performing well but more because I think Ryanair is now so big 
and right across Europe that we have a lot of inbuilt marketing muscle in Ryanair.com in the website and 
fundamentally in the price differential between us and every other airline. Again if I give you Madrid, easyJet 
announced they were flying to Madrid, in fact they had been flying to Madrid before Ryanair. Ryanair's prices at the 


moment, or our leading fares on our new Madrid routes are typically 25% of the prices being charged by easyJet. And 
they will sell themselves to and from a destination like Madrid and Marseille and I believe in time, Bremen. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Well maybe I'll just add my take as well, the other thing Stephen is, obviously while we may be 
developing the Marseille, Madrid and Bremen markets, all the other points at the other end of the routes are all well 
established, Ryanair operations and bases – take Marseilles – Frankfurt, Brussels, London, Glasgow. So, the other end 
of the route, which is quite different from those for other competitors' model, most of our competitors have a big 
storage of bookings from one end of the route, but we typically have almost a 50-50 balance in terms of where we 
source our passengers. So, while we will have to do some work obviously in Marseille, in Madrid and Bremen, the 
good news is that at the other end of all of those new routes, are already well established and are well known. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Great. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Stephen. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Robert McAdoo. Please go ahead with your question 
announcing your company name and location. 

<Q - Robert McAdoo>: It's Bob McAdoo from Prudential Equity Group. Just a quick question on your discussion of 
operating expenses. You talk about crewing ratios increasing because of the longer haul flying. I don't understand 
exactly what you call a crewing ratio, if you could just kind of explain – just briefly what – is this really increasing 
costs in total or is it cost per departure because it's a longer flight, or what does this mean? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Well, presently we run about five crews per aircraft per pilot. So, that's – if you take two 
pilots in every flight that's equivalent of 10 pilots for every plane that we operate. We plan to increase our crewing ratio 
by 20%. So, that will roughly rise from 5 crews per aircraft or 10 pilots up to 12 crews – or up to 12 pilots or 6 crews. 
And what we've seen over the last number of years is that our average sector length has risen each day. So therefore we 
are using more hours per pilot per day and at some point we have to have the correction and this is the year we are 
having the correction. So, we believe this would be a one-off step-up in our crewing ratio and assuming our previous – 
sector length we should pretty much stay at about the same length as it is now. So that will be a one-off step-up in our 
cost per passenger. 

<Q - Robert McAdoo>: And you are going to do that in all bases because all bases seem to be having longer average 
flight rates? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: It doesn't quite run across every base. It does apply to some bases and not all bases. But when 
you spread it out across your total number of aircraft operation, it equates to about a 20% increase. 

<Q - Robert McAdoo>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay Bob. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Thanks, Bob. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Hann Masters. Please go ahead with your question announcing your company 
name and location. 

<Q>: Good afternoon gents, this is Hann Masters; Derrick Elson, formerly known as Price Head Amherst within ABN 
AMRO. Just a question on the nasty EU word that was popping up a couple years ago on the airports, let's say, 
presumed subsidies, now we see it again in terms of pollution and environmental control. Could you give us a bit of 


granularity why that slide is there? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes. I am not quite sure what granularity means, but anyway the reason the slide is there is 
because I think it's about time one of the airlines stood up and actually presented some facts into the debate about the 
contribution of aviation to global warming and all the rest of the bullshit that's being spread about at the moment by 
some of these eco nutbags aided and abetted by lazy journalists who couldn't be hired to actually read something 
factual. 

Aviation accounts for 2% of greenhouse gas emissions and the European Environmental Agency in its recent report has 
confirmed that aviation in total accounts for 2% of CO2 emissions. It is not the fastest growing contributor to global 
warming. It is not the biggest contributor to the environmental issue. At 2%, it is one of the smallest contributors and 
what we want to do is to rebound particularly with the media, some of the facts which the European agency has already 
confirmed, that in actual fact power generation presently accounts for about 26% of CO2 emissions, road transport, 
much of which undertaken by some of these environmental nutbags driving their SUVs to Saintree's on a Saturday 
morning before they go to the environmental demonstration of choice on Saturday afternoon, accounts for about 18%. 

And if the governments and the inept politicians are really serious about the environment and of course we know they 
are not, it's just simply a convenient thing for politicians to talk about, it makes them look like they are actually doing 
something, they would be tackling the real causes of emissions, both greenhouse gas and CO2, which is power 
generation and road transport. 

<Q>: Okay, good... 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Now, the fact is that nobody wants to deal with it because someone like Tony Blair who 
rightly said look the solution to this is going to be nuclear power, the first people to jump up and down and oppose was 
all the environmental nutbags and so the reason we stuck it in there is frankly I am pissed off listening to all this 
bullshit, all of it inaccurate, being put about that aviation is the cause of global warming, or that somehow tackling 
aviation or low cost aviation is the solution to global warming. It is neither, it is irrelevant. 

If everybody stopped flying next year around the world, CO2 emissions in Europe would fall by 2% and the 
greenhouse gas emissions would fall by 2%, it would be less than the contribution that the Chinese – new Chinese 
power stations will make, both their coal and oil burning power stations will make to Greenhouse gas emissions in the 
next 12 months. 

<Q>: Okay. That's clear. I just wondered whether something was cooking at the EU level because there is more 
transportation companies that certainly add these slides to their presentation, so I was just wondering where there is 
smoke there is a bit of fire going on? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I don't think so. I mean there's clearly something coming down the track because as usual the 
flag carrier airlines have made a complete dog's balls of responding to this kind of environment- these environmental 
lies. We see airlines like BA talking about trading carbon emissions and all rest of that horse-shite instead of actually 
coming out and saying look, aviation is not the cause of this, nor is aviation the solution. Go fix the power stations and 
go fix road transport if you really want to do something. 

<Q>: Okay. Maybe another very brief question, if I may? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Sure. 

<Q>: You are surely changing into a rather large airline, as a Brit would say in a bit of a modest mode. From a control 
point of view, systems wise, accounting wise, rostering, I am thinking about some of the problems that a competitor of 
yours had a couple of years ago on rostering systems, how scaleable is the current system? How much more can you 
grow without achieving any growth pains? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think – look, you are growing at 20% a year. We have growth pains every year. But they 
are all manageable growth pains. I mean we don't always get it right. But I think 95% of the time we get it right. 
Because we rolled it out in a very formulaic manner, we opened new bases, we sent aircraft down there with pilot, 


cabin crew engineers. We don't have a big overhead; we don't have sales staff in all these countries. It's relatively easily 
managed. I mean remember we floated in 1997. We were carrying 4 million passengers a year and people doubted 
whether we could double in size over a 3-year period. Looking back almost 10 years later we're now at 42.5 million 
passengers. 

So, our growth aspirations for the next five years are relatively modest. It's certainly easily scalable, we have the 
aircraft, we have the bases, we have the destinations, we have the internet, we have the lower cost base, we have an 
enormous price advantage over every other airline in Europe. From the flag carriers to easyJets who would call 
themselves the low fares airlines to Aer Lingus, who God help us would describe themselves as a low fares airline 
despite the fact their average trip short haul fare is more then double Ryanair's. 

Nobody can compete with Ryanair's prices and I think this morning's results demonstrate not just how scalable our 
business model is but how well we continue to execute it in a very disciplined fashion. 

<Q>: Okay, well thanks Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Hann. 

Operator 

We appear to have no further questions at this time. I will hand the call back to you. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, Kim thank you very much ladies and gentlemen as you know given this half year results we have an extensive 
road-show program going on all week. Howard, Michael, Sean Coyle, all the usual suspects will be coming to a city 
near you and we hopefully get around to everybody before the end of the week by close of the day on Friday. If not, 
please feel free – Jimmy Dempsey is holding the fort back in Dublin this week for me though his wife is giving birth in 
the next couple of days. If anybody has any further questions please route them directly back to Jimmy and we will 
happily get back to you sometime in the next week. May I thank you all for your courtesy in not asking me any silly 
questions about Aer Lingus. And again if I leave you with one parting message, the business, Ryanair's business model 
is going like gangbusters, we are executing the growth strategy in a very disciplined profitable manner and we see no 
reason why we can't and won't continue to do that for the next three to five years and earn you and your clients a 
significant return on your investment. Thank you very much everybody and we will see you during the week. All the 
best, bye, bye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


