Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• James Parker 
• Duane Pfenningwerth 
• Travis Anderson 
• Neil Glynn 
• Bob McAdoo 
• John Goode 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ryanair Half Year Results Conference Call. At this time, all 
participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will 
follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And just to remind you all, this conference call is being recorded. 

I would now like to hand over to the Chairperson, Mr. Michael O'Leary, CEO. Please begin your meeting and I will be 
standing by. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Ryanair half year results conference call. I am here in London 
with Howard Millar is with me and at various other parts of the globe we have Neil Sorahan, Michael Cawley, Jimmy 
Dempsey and some other dialing in. 

We'll – as before, we had an analyst briefing this morning that's on the – our webcast is on our website and the full 
details of the results, the management discussion analysis and the financial results had been published on the website 
www.ryanair.com. 

And so, as you can see, this morning we announced half year profits of €215 million, a 47% decline on last year's 
interim profit. Traffic grew by 19% to 32 million as average fares, which includes checked-in baggage charges fell by 
4% to €47 while total revenues grew by 16% to 1.8 billion. 

Unit costs excluding fuel fell by 6%. I think achieving a half year net year profit of 215 million in what were very 
difficult trading conditions, in particular with record oil prices is a testimony to the strength of Ryanair's lowest fare 
model. Ancillary revenues grew during the year by 28% to 322 million and now accounts for almost 18% of revenues 
as against 16% last year. 

Unit costs including fuel rose by 21%. Fuel now accounts for more than 50% of our total operating cost, as the cost per 
barrel over the half year doubled from $63 a barrel to $125 a barrel. Spot prices have fallen recently quite precipitously 
down to as low as $60 a barrel as the worldwide recession has led to a collapse in consumer confidence and underlying 


demand for oil. 

Our fuel hedging position for this year remains unchanged. We are 80% hedged into Q3 at $124 a barrel. We are totally 
unhedged for Q4 and would expect to be able to buy oil at significantly cheaper prices, which reflect a decline in spot. 
In recent months, however, there has been a significant disconnect has emerged between the spot and forward prices, 
resulting in Q1 and Q2 for next fiscal year pricing at a premium of between 17 to $18 a barrel over spot rate. 

In addition, the hedging markets are proving very illiquid, which partly experience these high premiums. Nevertheless, 
we've taken advantage of the recent falls in the past two weeks of oil prices to hedge 25% of our Q1 and Q2 fiscal next 
year supplies in average of $77 a barrel. This locks in a substantial saving over the $125 per barrel paid in the first half 
of this fiscal year, which were reflected in the accounts published this morning. We continue to closely monitor fuel 
prices as well as the forward premium to see if we can find the opportunities to extend our hedging program at or below 
$70 a barrel. 

High oil prices and the global recession has, as we predicted, caused a string of airline bankruptcies and a continuing 
trend towards consolidation in Europe. Recent failures include Alitalia, Excel Airways, Futura, LTE, Sterling and 
Zoom. We believe more loss making European airlines will go bust this winter either because of unsustainable losses or 
insufficient cash reserves. 

Airline consolidation will continue as flag carriers in Europe merge into three high fare fuel surcharging groups, led by 
Air France, BA and Lufthansa, and Ryanair will continue to compete with these mega carriers, all of whom stubbornly 
refuse to reduce their fuel surcharges to reflect the recent decline in oil prices. 

From Ryanair's point of view, our ongoing trading is strong. The new base at Birmingham, Bologna, Bournemouth, 
Edinburgh and Reus have performed well as consumers flock to Ryanair's guaranteed lowest fares and no fuel 
surcharges, particularly in a recession in Europe. 

We have recently announced three new Italian bases, which will start next summer, Alghero and Cagliari in Sardinia 
and Trapani in Sicily, with which we hope to capitalize on Alitalia's cutbacks and to grow rapidly, particularly in the 
Italian domestic market with those very strong traffic flows to and from the Island. Advance bookings this winter are 
slightly ahead of our target, although this is largely due to repeated price promotions resulting in lower than expected 
fares. 

Sadly in Ireland, the government has taken a retrograde step by recently announcing plans in the budget to now 
introduce a €10 air travel tax, which will discriminate against air transport as it's not applied to competing trains or 
ferry traffic. We've called on the Irish government to replace this stupid regressive flat rate tax with a fairer or more 
progressive percentage rate of the tax of the fare paid. This flat rate tax is grossly inequitable. We don't understand why 
rich passengers on €3,000 transatlantic airfares only pay the same €10 tax as price sensitive shorthaul passengers, who 
on many Ryanair flights, particularly into the west of Ireland pay an airfare of less than €10. This flat rate tax has 
already failed in the UK and Holland where traffic at many airports is now in steep decline. It is inevitable that Irish 
traffic and tourism will suffer a similar traffic decline next year. 

While this tax will further damage our investment in Aer Lingus, who are almost entirely exposed to Irish originating 
traffic and whose load factors in both longhaul and shorthaul markets are steadily declining, its impact on Ryanair will 
be minor since just 15% of our traffic originates in Ireland. However, our base at Shannon, where average fares are less 
than €10 all winter long, will be particularly hard hit and we expect to reduce flights and traffic at Shannon by up to 
75% from November 2009 if this penal flat rate tax is implemented as announced. 

In the UK, we will continue to campaign for the removal of Mr. Harry Bush, the hopeless CAA regulator, as well as the 
early sale of Stansted by the BAA monopoly. Mr. Bush has rubber stamped almost every BAA cost increase and 
CapEx proposal including the crazy plan to waste £4 billion on a second terminal at Stansted despite the unanimous 
opposition of all Stansted airlines. He also stood idly by in recent months while airlines and passengers at Stansted 
suffered lengthy security and passport queues, suffered repeated baggage belt failures and suffered a doubling of airport 
charges in the past 18 months. The result of this regulatory incompetence and failure has been the first decline in 
Stansted traffic for the last 20 years. 


The proposed sale of Gatwick by the BAA monopoly is just the latest trick by the BAA to try to avoid the Competition 
Commission Authority's recommendations, which was to force the sale of the Stansted and Gatwick in London and one 
of the Scottish airports. We're continuing to campaign for real competition and better passenger service and believe this 
can only be delivered through the early sale of Stansted as well as Gatwick and the early sale of one of the two Scottish 
airports. Competition can deliver better facilities, better passenger service and lower prices, whereas the incompetent 
CAA regulator has patently failed in the UK in the last 15 years. 

We have implemented our plans to ground 15 Stansted aircraft and four Dublin aircraft this winter following the further 
unjustified increases in the already high passenger charges at these airports. Despite these reductions, we still expect 
Ryanair's traffic will grow by 9% this winter and overall by 14% to 58 million for the full year. 

The economic recession has caused consumer confidence to collapse. Ryanair fares are now even more attractive as 
consumers are becoming ever more price sensitive and trade down from high fare, fuel surcharging airlines, like Air 
France, BA and Lufthansa. As more airlines go bust this winter in Europe and the wave of European consolidation 
continues, the strongest survivors will be those airlines most like Ryanair, who are well financed, have a strong balance 
sheet, and the lowest cost base. 

The outlook for the remainder of this fiscal year is entirely dependant upon fares and fuel prices this winter. We believe 
the recession will be steep and will continue to drive down both oil prices and average airfares. We are continuing to 
respond with aggressive price promotions to keep Europe flying and to maintain our market leading load factors. 
Although we have limited visibility, we now believe that average fares in the second half of the year will fall by 
between minus 15 and minus 20 leading to losses in both the third and fourth quarters, which will eat up most of the 
profits made in the first two quarters. 

Our full year average fare could fall by almost up to 12%, although these lower fares will largely be offset by lower 
fuel costs, particularly in Q4. As a result, our previous guidance remains unchanged and we remain confident that we 
will break even for the full year. 

We do, however, expect continuing bankruptcies and consolidations to create ever more opportunities for Ryanair to 
grow. If oil prices remain at $80 per barrel or below next year then our earnings will rebound strongly. Every $1 below 
our average price this year of $110 a barrel will reduce our cost by $14 million. We do have a significant cost 
advantage over most of our European competitors, many of whom next year have already hedged a significant 
proportion of next year's fuel at significantly higher levels than current market prices. This will force competitors to 
further increase airfares and widen the price gap between them and Ryanair's lowest fares and our guarantee of no fuel 
surcharges. 

With one of the strongest balance sheets in the airline industry, €2.1 billion in cash and the lowest cost base, Ryanair is 
strongly positioned to take advantage of these opportunities, which will inevitably arise from the financial crisis and the 
economic recession over the coming year. 

We are celebrating these strong half year results today by launching a 1 million seat sale with 

1 million seats on sale for €10 for travel Mondays to Thursdays plus Saturdays in November, December and January on 
250 routes across Europe. These €10 seats are available for sale this week only on our website at www.ryanair.com. 

And now, I'll ask Howard to take you through the summary of the MD&A, please. 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks Michael. We'll start with the usual health warning. So for the purposes of the management discussion and 
analysis, all figures and comments are by reference to adjusted income statement excluding the exceptional items. Two 
exceptional items that rose in the half year, they totaled to 119.2 million consisting of 93.6 million impairments of the 
Aer Lingus shareholding and an accelerated depreciation charge of €25.7 million on aircraft to be disposed in the 
financial year 2008-2009 and 2009-2010. So therefore, adjusted profit, excluding exceptional items, decreased by 47% 


to 214.6 million compared to 407.6 million in the half year ended September 30, 2007, primarily due to a 101% 
increase in fuel costs. 

Total operating revenues increased by 16% to €1.81 billion, slower than the 19% growth in passenger volumes as 
average fares declined by 4% due to the absence of the Easter in the half year and lower baggage penetration rates. 
Ancillary revenues grew by 28% to 332.1 million during the period. As a result, total revenue per passenger decreased 
by 2%, while its load factor was down 1% during the period to 85%. 

Total operating expenses increased by 44% to 1.574 billion, primarily due to the increase in fuel prices, the higher level 
of activity, and increased costs associated with the growth of the airline. Fuel, which now represents 50% of total 
operating costs compared to 36% in the half year ended 30, September 2007, increased by 101% to 788.5 million due 
to the increase in the cost per gallon and an increase in the number of hours flown, offset by a positive movement in the 

U.S. dollar exchange rate to the euro. 
Unit costs, excluding fuel, fell by 6% and including fuel they rose by 21%. Operating margins fell by 17% to 13% – 
sorry – by 17 points to 13%, while operating profit decreased by 49% to 236.4 million. 

Net margin as a result decreased to 12% from 26% in the previous half year for the reasons I've outlined above. 

Earnings per share for the period was 14.44 cents compared to 26.61 cents in the period ended 30th September, 2007. 

On the balance sheet, gross cash remains strong and amounted to 2.1 billion as of 30th September, 2007. The Group 
generated cash from operating activities of €177.7 million and a further 78.8 million from the delivery proceeds on the 
sale of four Boeing 737-800 aircraft, which part funded a 33.1 million share buyback program and the capital 
expenditure incurred during the period. 

Capital expenditure of 260.5 million largely consisted of advance aircraft payments for future aircraft deliveries and the 
delivery of five new aircraft in the half year. Long-term debt, net of repayment decreased by 65.4 million during the 
period. 

And I hand you back to Michael. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks, Howard. The only thing we have to add to that is we issued this morning at 10 o'clock too our October traffic 
figures confirming that our passenger traffic for October increased by 18% over October 2007, we grew from 4.52 
million passengers to 5.3 million passengers. The rolling 12-month traffic was at 56.8 million passengers that are 
rolling 12 month at the end of October, and the load factor was 85% in October '08, which was the same as it was in 
October '07 at 85%. 

The strong traffic growth figures, again underlying one of the trends we try to deal within the Analyst Call this 
morning, which is we are seeing a mass switch of passengers trading away from high fare fuel surcharging airlines like 
British Airways whose traffic was down 6% in the month of September and continued very strong growth by Ryanair, 
we're certainly the fastest growing airline in Europe. The only one that may come close to us is easyJet. Although there 
if you strip out their figures, the GB Airways acquisition, their underlying growth we think is about 6 or 7% 
year-on-year. We are still growing at almost 20%. 

So, you see a real flight of passengers towards Ryanair where they can be guaranteed the lowest fairs at no fuel 
surcharges as well. And we intend to continue to capitalize on that through the winter with aggressive price promotion 
underlining all the time that the only base you can find the lowest fairs is on Ryanair, and trying where possible to put 
as much pressure on the competition as we enter a recession and with passengers getting much more price sensitive. 

With that, Myron if you like, we will open the call up to answers – to questions and answers please. 

Q&A 


Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jim Parker. Please go ahead with your 
question announcing your company name and location. 

<Q - James Parker>: Good afternoon, Michael and Howard. It's Jim Parker with Raymond James. Howard, I'd like to 
know since your fuel hedges are well below – excuse me – your hedges are well above the current oil price, do you any 
cash collateral that you have to put up for these hedges and how much would that be? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Well, Jim, this something that has only come up in the last number of weeks. We have heard in 
the fuel markets that some carriers are being asked to put up a collateral credit. Thankfully, we are not one, given the 
strength of our balance sheet I don't anticipate that will happen. But it is a feature that is starting to emerge for some of 
the weaker airlines. I think this is going to continue to drive these airlines out of business, not only do they – if they're 
hedged, they have a proper cash collateral. They also have to take the mark-to-market and also the fuel companies are 
also insisting that they be paid in advance, are – as handling operators and airports as well. But for us, Jim, no impact. 

<Q - James Parker>: Okay. Michael, given that there is a great deal of consolidation going on, capacity coming out of 
the industry, does this change your growth strategy? Meaning, you've been adding a lot of new markets, does this cause 
you to do more fill in and how is that going to impact unit cost? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah, Jim, it's certainly changed the growth. I mean, it hasn't changed the rate or the speed of 
growth. As you know, our aircraft orders were growing organically. Our aircraft orders are firm within 24 months 
period. So, the total number of aircraft and the traffic growth is as previously outlined and forecast. 

It is, however, changing the direction of that growth. This time last year we were talking about the likelihood of 
opening up a base – a couple of bases in Central or Eastern Europe. I think that's now been put on the back burner as 
opportunities have risen particularly in Italy and Spain this year and in region of UK. 

What's been driving that in region of UK has been the withdrawal of a lot of BA capacity from the UK market and the 
fact that easyJet has stopped growing in the UK. In Spain, it's been the consolidation of Iberia, the withdrawal of 
Spanair, the bankruptcy of Futura and LTE has opened up significant capacity at some very interesting Spanish 
airports, and they continue to – in Italy where Alitalia and Air One have now kind of merged, they are talking about 
very significant capacity reductions in Spain, in Milan, Rome and on the Island has opened up opportunities for us in 
those areas that didn't exist 12 months ago. 

So we've been, kind of, switching the focus of our growth, which would have been this time last year more based in 
Eastern and Central Europe to now going in and exploring opportunities that are cropping up in region of UK, in Spain 
and in Italy and I think that's likely to continue this winter with the possible exception. I mean there is some speculation 
that there maybe some further casualties in Germany – airline casualties in Germany this winter. And obviously, if that 
were to happen, I think we are – we would see some significant opportunities in Germany. 

We've been approached by three large German airports in recent weeks who have Air Berlin as a major customer who 
all of a sudden, and I don't know why, but seemed very keen to try to get Ryanair to commit to opening up a base in – 
at their airport if something were to happen to Air Berlin this winter. Now, I have no more insight into Air Berlin and 
what's happening to Air Berlin. But there certainly seems to be some panic among the German airports that there 
maybe some problems with Air Berlin this winter. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Okay. I think Duane has a question as well. 

<Q - Duane Pfenningwerth>: Hi. Yeah, good afternoon. Thanks. Just wondering with respect to your yield guidance, 
the sort of change there to down 15 to 20. Can you talk about what you saw in October and is the update on yield 
guidance a reflection of what you currently see in your bookings or really an expectation or an anticipation of things are 
going to get worse from here? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think, it's an anticipation things are going to get worse. I think it's fair to say in the third 
quarter, we have a good book. Well, obviously – clearly, we know what October is, we have good visibility into 


November. Still a little bit left to go on Christmas. I think the yield decline in the third quarter is likely to be a 
single-digit decline but hovering somewhere around 10%. But we think in the fourth quarter it could be significantly 
worse. Now, remember, we don't have – no, we do have Easter in the fourth quarter, yeah, sorry. So... 

<A - Howard Millar>: Easter is in April. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Well, Easter is in April. So, the decline in the fourth quarter will be much more significant 
without Easter and the comparable. But overall, we think it's going to get worse. We think the recession is going to get 
worse. The consumer sentiment and consumer confidence is collapsing, particularly here in Europe. So, I would think 
of the yield decline this winter where we're guiding minus 15 to minus 20; it will be the lower end of that range in the 
third quarter and towards the upper end of that range in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Duane Pfenningwerth>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Duane. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Travis Anderson. Please go ahead with your question announcing your 


company name and location. 
<Q - Travis Anderson>: All right. Gilder, Gagnon and Howe in New York. I was just wondering whether the $77 was 
an all-in number including refining margin or taxes, or is that strictly a per barrel hedge cost? 


<A - Howard Millar>: Travis, you may have missed the webcast this morning, you were probably in bed. 
<Q - Travis Anderson>: Yes. A little early for me. 
<A - Howard Millar>: But certainly, a little early for you There has been a disconnect between what's going on in 


Brent and what's going on in jet fuel. Up until recently, you've been able to take our cost per ton and divide it by 10, 
and you get the same price for Brent. So that has disconnected at the moment. So, for example, when we were hedging 
at $77 per barrel, Brent was down at $60 a barrel, with jet spot was at the equivalent of $72 per barrel or 720 tons. So, 
that price we've been quoted is an all-in cost including refining differential and the crack. 


<Q - Travis Anderson>: Great. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: And, it's seven – it's effectively $770 per ton. 
<A - Howard Millar>: Per ton. 
<Q - Travis Anderson>: Okay. Thanks. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay. Thanks, Travis. 
<Q - Travis Anderson>: Sure. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Neil Glynn. Please go ahead with your question, announcing your company 
name and location. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Good afternoon, folks. This is Neil Glynn from NCB. Just a couple of quick ones in relation to, 
further on, on your yield guidance. Can you highlight what kind of level of retrenchments you are factoring in in that 
yield guidance, particularly for Q4, as obviously there is a lot of variables still to play out between now and then? Also 


if you could give a bit of flavor as to your thinking on when we see the trough for demand for as Ryanair sees it over 
the next six to 12 months or so? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Sorry, Neil, I don't understand, what's the retrenchment in Q4? 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Well, the retrenchments from competitors across the market, whether it'll be further consolidation 
or simply capacity cuts? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think, I mean, most of the capacity cuts have already announced for this winter. The 
schedules have been published. What you're looking at and what we are expecting is that there will be further shocks to 
the system, there will be further bankruptcies between now and Christmas. In Q4, don't think any of those will be 
seismic, although clearly we haven't seen yet what the outcome is going to be – outcome of the Alitalia-Air One 
merger. We think, there will be capacity cuts in the Italian market in next year summer schedules. The significant 
retrenchment in Spain, Spanair has cut back capacity very significantly, as have Vueling-Clickair, Futura has gone bust. 
LTE has gone bust, which – for example, in the recent weeks has opened up, I think, slots for another four base aircraft 
in Madrid, whereas a month ago Madrid couldn't take any more aircraft. 

But I would be looking to next summer and more likely winter of '09-'10, particularly if you've seen a Lufthansa 
consolidation with BMI, Austrian and SAS. There will be significant consolidation or cut backs, I think, in the 
Scandinavian market. If there is a further rate – if there is a merger between Air France and KLM, Alitalia, there would 
be further retrenchments in the Italian market. And obviously if BA do something with Iberia, I think, you'll see further 
retrenchments, both in the UK and in Spain. 

Where will the trough for demand be? I think, it would be at its worst in the spring of next year. It depends how long 
the recession lasts, but at the moment certainly as far as the Irish and UK markets are concerned, I would expect there 
to be another trough in the winter of '09-'10. I think, summer '09 will be okay, because people will still continue to 
travel on holidays, all that kind of stuff, but this winter will be very difficult. I think, next summer, particularly we've 
never highlighted Ireland and the UK, as they're markets where the governments engage in taxing air travel. You have 
this ridiculous flat rate £10 departure tax in the UK, and then the Irish government following the same stupid policy of 
trying to tax their way out of a recession in Ireland. I think, the €10 tax in Ireland on the 1st of April, next year, will 
have a very significant impact on visitor numbers to Ireland. I expect, visitor numbers to Ireland will be down between 
5 and 10% next year, with Aer Lingus suffering most of that decline. I think, we will absorb some of that tax, and won't 
notice it quite so much because Ireland really only accounts for 15% of our traffic. 

The good news in all that though is I believe that the Irish airports, and in particular Dublin, next year will suffer a 
precipitous decline in traffic. BA, for example, announced on Friday evening that they were going to close the 
Gatwick-Dublin route with effect from the 1st of April, next year. Surely because of the impact of this crazy travel tax, 
and I think, you are going to see a number of other withdrawals from Dublin. I'm not sure what kind of a condition Aer 
Lingus will be in next year. They continue to struggle on from crisis to crisis. But I think, the best thing that could 
happen in Dublin airport is a significant decline in traffic. They will be opening the white elephants, called Terminal 2, 
which I predict would be entirely empty when they open it in the spring of 2010. It will be available for weddings, 
confirmations and Bar Mitzvahs for anybody, who has a need for some entirety unused and empty space in Dublin city, 
because I'm not sure any of the airlines will be in it. 

Aer Lingus are making mumblings about moving into Terminal 2, but frankly given the way the Dublin airport 
continues to increase costs, and will have to charge up for the Terminal 2 facility, I'm not sure anybody will be in that 
facility, which will be exactly what the Dublin airport monopoly deserve. 

So, I would imagine the trough for demand, to answer the second part of the question, would be this winter, and again 
next winter, not so bad next summer. But that could change tomorrow, for example, if there were a big bankruptcy in 
Germany, if there was another big bankruptcy in Spain, or if there was one or two smaller bankruptcies in the UK. 

Operator 


Our next question comes from the line of Bob McAdoo. Please go ahead with your question, announcing your company 
name and location. 

<Q - Bob McAdoo>: Avondale Partners in Kansas City. As we think about the winter and the 19 airplanes that you are 
grounding, when do those come back? And I guess, the other question is, could you give us some help on aircraft 
delivery, so we can start thinking about what happens to depreciation, whatever, as your new deliveries come on over 
the next six to 12 months? And also if something were to happen at Air Berlin, is that something that you could fill in 
on a relatively short notice or is that something that would take another year or so before you would actually try to fill 
in to pick up the slack over there? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay. I'll do the first part, and Howard will do the second and I'll come back in for the 
German analysis. It's important to understand that we were not just sitting 19 aircrafts on the ground this winter. What 
we are actually doing is, during the middle of the week, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Saturday evenings, Sunday mornings, 
we are sitting almost 30 aircraft on the ground. But on Mondays, Sunday evenings, Monday mornings, Friday evenings, 
the number falls back down to around 12 or 13 aircraft. So, we are really just flexing the schedule this winter, primarily 
at Stansted and Dublin to take out the lighter flights, the mid-week, the late evening, the early morning weaker flights, 
because there's frankly no point in flying those aircraft at very cheap fares, and paying those airports a very large per 
passenger fee. 

What that does give us though, I mean, we clearly have capacity, certainly between 10, 15 aircraft, if we want to. If an 
opportunity arose somewhere in Spain, in Germany, in Italy, and clearly none of us know where that opportunity would 
crop up. And all I can give you is a feel for what the airports are telling us. I mean, we don't know whether Air Berlin 
will go bankrupt this winter or not. But, clearly some of their German airports are worried about them. We would be 
able to offer and we've already offered one of the Italian airports, if there is a significant cut back in Alitalia's capacity, 
a 10 aircraft base, which we could start with a two to three month lead time at any stage this winter. And I think that 
offer would be available to a German airport, a Spanish airport, or an Italian airport. I don't think, there would be kind 
of a significant bankruptcy in the UK that would require that kind of aircraft take-up. I don't know, whether maybe Aer 

– clearly Aer Arann are financially struggling in Ireland, and that would cause further downward – or an impact on 
Dublin airport's traffic. 
Although, I imagine, all the government subsidies they get will probably keep them alive for a couple of months more 
anyway. But clearly, we have a spare aircrafts and we have opportunities. We could open – as I said, we could use the 
10 or 12 aircrafts this winter. We then take delivery between now and of – September 2009, we take delivery of, I 
think, it's fair, about 50 aircraft, and then in the following year to September 2010, we take delivery of another 48 
aircraft. And I'll ask Howard to post you on the deliveries part of the question. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah, well, obviously Bob, between now and the end of the year, we are presently running a 
fleet of 168 aircrafts. We expect by the end of this financial year, net of disposals, that will be up at 195. So, that's 27 
aircrafts between now and the end of the year. Now that's subjects obviously to timing on Boeing, but that's our best 
guess at the moment. I think, it's pretty good look. We have disposals going as we have 17 aircrafts to be disposed. 
We've already sold on eight, so this will be the end of the 25 – the present 25 disposal program. 

In terms of deprecation, clearly – obviously we have accelerated deprecation on those aircrafts to be disposed, which 
will run into the third and fourth quarters, and into the first quarter of next year. And obviously, the timing then of the 
Boeing deliveries will decide our depreciation over the winter. Obviously, it's a favorable impact in terms of having a 
slightly leisure than expected delivery plan, but we've already factored those into our numbers in terms of our guidance 
of breakeven for the full year. 

<Q - Bob McAdoo>: Okay. Just – then, you talked about the 30 airplanes on the busy days of the week down to – 
squeeze that down to 12. When do you go back to – when do you kind of roll those – all those back up, and do kind of 
your full amount of flying on a – generally on a daily basis? When – what time of the year does that happen? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Essentially, Bob, by next April. You have Easter Day – next year, it's in the middle of April, 
and I think, we'd be back flying the full program flight into Stansted and Dublin. I would imagine from – I would say, 


well into April, maybe the first and the second week of April next year, in the run up to Easter. 

<Q - Bob McAdoo>: Okay. Very good. Appreciate it. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: That's on the assumption by the way. What could happen is, we could get an opportunity in 
Germany or in Spain that would take 8 or 10 aircrafts straight away, in which case we simply – we wouldn't get back 
up to the full schedule in Stansted or in Dublin, until the Boeing deliveries come through. And one of the downside – 
one of the upsides of the Boeing strike is, we're going to have less ownership cost this winter, but we may have slightly 
later aircraft deliveries as we move into fiscal '09, '10. And we don't really know what the position is yet with Boeing, 
who have told us they won't know for another two or three weeks until they try to rework the delivery program. 

<Q - Bob McAdoo>: And, you said, it takes – you – normally, once you decide to go into a new base or open up a new 
base or whatever in one of these potential opportunities, you need, what, 60 days. You typically would want to have it 
in the system for 60 days before – selling it for 60 days, before you would actually start flying, is that kind of the spool 
up time? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: In an ideal world, I think, yes. It's about 60 days for us to launch a new base, but if somebody 
big collapsed and there was a large kind of – there was a vacuum there, we could clearly do it in a much shorter 
timeframe, maybe 30 days. 

<Q - Bob McAdoo>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: But, I think, that's going to – the key thing, I think, why airports seem to be very attracted to 
us at the moment is most of them realize that we could show up with six, eight, 10 aircrafts, almost the day after 
somebody else goes bankrupt. We wouldn't start flying those aircrafts immediately, but we could be there on the 
ground and start selling those flights and those routes and taking up those routes almost straightaway. So, if you like, 
we would offer a lot of those bigger European airports, many of them wouldn't even negotiate with Ryanair as recent as 
12 months ago. It's like a turnkey solution that would have them back up and running, I think, within – something 
within 30 to 60 days. No other airline in Europe has that spare aircraft capacity this winter, not easyJet, not BA, not Air 
France, not Lufthansa, nobody. 

<Q - Bob McAdoo>: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Bob. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of John Goode [Goodbody Stockbrokers]. Please go ahead with your question, 
announcing your company name and location. 

<Q - John Goode>: Hi. John Goode, Goodbody Stockbrokers. You've actually already answered most of my 
questions. So I was just wondering, if you could give an update on your hedging forward policy of CapEx and 
proportion of requirements that are hedged out to the future please? 

<A - Howard Millar>: In terms of our CapEx, John, we are hedged out almost fully to the end of September – sorry, 
the end of December – sorry, to December 2011. So, we've taken a fairly long view on the capital expenditure program. 
The average rate for that would be just under $1.50. In terms of operating expenditure, we have a shorter horizon on 
that. We have about an 18 months horizon, and we've hedged about 90% of our requirement for the 18 months, so that 
would take us pretty much out to the early part – June of 2010. 

<Q - John Goode>: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, John. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Jim Parker [Raymond James]. Please go ahead with your question, 
announcing your company name and location. 

<Q - Duane Pfenningwerth>: It's actually Duane as a follow-up – in Raymond James, Atlanta. Just on your fuel 
guidance, the oil and fuel guidance, I am wondering if that's consistent with the guidance you've provided in the past. 
So the 124 in December, and the comparison to last year the fiscal '08 hedges you had in place, is that the same way 
you've always done it? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yes. That's the same way we've always done it, Duane. There is no change. It's still about a 
like-for-like, apples-for-apples basis. 

<Q - Duane Pfenningwerth>: Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And then just on the ex-fuel unit cost trend by our 
math down 7% in the September quarter. How do you see that trending in the second half? Thanks. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yes, Duane, it's about 6% plus. We see that obviously lower load factors as we move to the 
winter period with mean that we will have less passengers to spread the fixed unit cost across, so we would expect to 
give back about half of that unit cost savings. So we would see for the full year something in the range 2, 3% net 
impact. 

<Q - Duane Pfenningwerth>: Down two to three? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Down 2 to 3%. 

<Q - Duane Pfenningwerth>: Thank you very much. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think, it's important to put that in context that's against the background of average fares 
rising about 2%, so shipping out fuel, we are back into a very disciplined cost reduction program that spreads across 
most sectors, wages, aircraft, airports, handling, sales and marketing, and we think that will continue not just into this 
winter, but out into next year as well, where there's every possibility that we may see some break on cost in Stansted 
and Dublin too, when they realize that the regulatory model of increasing charges doesn't work. 

<Q - Duane Pfenningwerth>: Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay. Thanks, Duane. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Thanks, Duane. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, folks, it doesn't seem there is any more questions, and that being the case, I would just like to say on behalf of 
Howard, myself and the rest of the team: A, thank you very much for tuning into the conference call. As I said the 
webcast of the analyst briefing is up on the website as are the details of the results. We have the normal half-year road 
show program rolled out this week. I am in London and across Europe; I think, Michael Cawley is in the UK and in 
Europe, Howard and Jimmy Dempsey are in the U.S., and Neil Sorahan as well. So, there is a Ryanair road show 
coming to a town near you sometime in the next five days. 

We hope we get to see everybody, if not or if anybody has any follow-up questions, please feel free to call us either 
through back in the office through David, back in the office or give us a call we will all be back in the office next 
Monday. Thank you very much for your time. Hope to see you later on this week, and here is an exciting and 


interesting winter and hopefully a very deep dark recession will continue to lower oil prices, significantly lower aircraft 
prices, and we will put in place a very significant cost saving to return to substantial profitability in the coming years. 
Thanks very much everybody. See you soon. Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


