Q1 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Jim Parker 
• John Mattimoe 
• Andrew Light 
• Joe Gill 
• Michael Cawley 
• Jonathan Wober 
• Stephen Furlong 
• Edward Stanford 
• Eamonn Hughes 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon and welcome to Ryanair Q1 Results Conference Call. My name is Tina and I'll be your coordinator for 
today's conference. For the duration of the call, you'll be on listen-only. However, at the end of the call, you'll have the 
facility to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. 

I'm now handing over to Michael O'Leary to begin today's conference. Thank you. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q1, Ryanair Q1 results conference call. As you would 
have seen today, we announced a Q1 net profit of €136 million which is at 550% increase over last year's Q1 figure. 

Total revenues were flat due to an 11% rise in traffic being offset by a 13% decline in average fares. Unit costs fell 
26% due to lower fuel prices, excluding fuel, our unit cost fell by 5% and reductions in staff, airport and handling costs. 

These results are distorted by a 42% reduction in fuel costs. However, thanks to a 13% reduction in average fares, we 
grew traffic by 11%, which I think was a strong performance in a deep recession when many competitors are cutting 
flights, losing traffic and reporting increased losses. 

Our net profit margin rose with industry leading 18% and balance sheet strengthened with cash at 2.5 billion at the 
quarter end. Ancillary revenues slightly outpaced scheduled traffic growth rising by 13% to 165 million. 

Fuel costs in the quarter fell 42% to 214 million, as we reaped the benefit this year of not engaging in fuel hedging last 
year when oil prices were high. Unit costs excluding fuel fell 5% as we continue to reduce costs in all other areas as 
previously guided. 


We've recently extended the hedge program, so we're 90% hedge for the first three quarters of the current fiscal year at 
$620 per tonne, 60% hedge for Q4 at $610 per tonne and we hope to be able to close out the remainder of Q4 
opportunistically at or below $620 a tonne. If we do, it'll represent its fuel cost saving in the current year of 460 million. 

Most competitors have recently announced declining traffic, falling yields and substantial losses. This is accelerating 
the pace of airline closures and consolidations highlighted recently in recent weeks by both Sky Europe and My Air. 

As I said, our traffic grew 11% to 16.6 million. We've extended our traffic leadership over the other Big 3 (high fare, 
fuel surcharging) airline. And we continue to roll out new routes and new bases which demonstrate the strength of our 
lowest fare model even during a deep recession. 

The dramatic decline in Britain's traffic and tourism figures which is directly due to the British government's insanely 
stupid £10 tourist tax and the BAA's high airport charges. 

In the first half of 2009, the BAA's UK airports saw traffic collapse 9%, a loss of almost five million passengers. In the 
same period, Ryanair grew by 10%, a growth of almost three million passengers, which emphasizes again that where 
people are putting up charges, you lose traffic and where you're lowering prices like Ryanair, you gain traffic. 

Sadly the Irish government decided to follow this moronic policy and impose a €10 tourist tax in April. This has caused 
the Irish airports to suffer a calamitous 18% decline in visitors during the month of May alone and we expect those 
declines in visitor number to Ireland to continue throughout the year. As the Irish airport – government owned airports 
increased prices and the government continues with its crazy tourist tax on the last island in Europe. 

The contract between the Irish and British governments failed policy attracting tourists couldn't be more marked with 
other more sensible leads, in recent months, the Belgian and Dutch governments have scrapped their tourist taxes and 
the Greek and Spanish governments have introduced a significant airport discounts, in many cases to zero, for the 
coming winter. 

We've announced our three new bases. The two newest have been launched in Pescara and Trapani in Italy. We'll open 
our 33rd European base at Porto in September. We base two aircraft there and operate 11 routes. 

And we've also announced a major expansion in Oslo with seven routes from the new airport at Oslo-Rygge and also 
four more routes from Oslo-Torp. 

In Ireland, the airlines and passengers continue to suffer at the hands of an inept and incompetent aviation regulator 
who should be removed. Despite the recession and the traffic collapse, this failed regulator has recently proposed yet 
further cost increase at Dublin Airport from January next year, at a time when competitor airports all over Europe are 
reducing charges in order to grow traffic. 

This clueless regulator is completely out of touch with economic reality. He is currently on holidays, which is not 
surprising. He even admits that Dublin's latest price increases, which are proposed in his draft determination are 18% 
higher than they would have been if Dublin Airport's traffic hadn't fallen. 

In other words, Dublin Airport is being rewarded for its own bloody failure. We don't understand why he is rewarding 
Dublin Airport for traffic declines with an 18% price hike. 

But as Dublin Airport's costs continue to increase, combined with the recent addition of a suicidal €10 tourist tax, it 
means that Irish passengers and tourism will continue to collapse in late 2009 and early 2010. And we in the coming 
weeks will be announcing a major series of route, flight and traffic cuts at the main Irish airports, as we switch aircraft 
and flights to lower-cost, zero-tax economies elsewhere in Europe. 

We've recently announced plans to reduce winter capacity at Stansted by 40%, or 16 aircrafts, because the BAA's 
unjustified increases in airport charges and the damage done to UK tourism by their £10 APD tourist tax. 

We'll also switch a number of – as I said, we've switched a number of aircrafts from the Irish and UK airports this 
winter to other continental European bases where the governments have scrapped their tourist taxes and the airports are 
rapidly reducing costs in order to attract Ryanair to fly and grow at their airports. 


Our outlook remains extremely cautious for the reminder of the fiscal year. 

Traffic growth is strong but at much lower, weaker yield partly due to the recession, but also due to the impact of 
tourist taxes, particularly in Ireland and the UK. 

We have limited visibility beyond the next two months but expect passengers to be very price sensitive for the 
remainder of the year. This could also be impacted by Swine Flu, where there's presently an epidemic of nonsense, 
particularly in the UK media. 

On Friday last, I think Lufthansa emphasized this point when a main board member admitted they were facing 
crippling ticket price wars and its economy traffic had sunk dramatically as it struggled to compete with Ryanair's low 
fares. They also admitted that economy passengers in Germany were no longer traveling based on brand loyalty or 
frequent flyer, but were traveling solely on price, surprise, surprise. 

In Ryanair, we remain on track to deliver traffic growth of 15% to 67 million. We continue to expect that unit costs, 
excluding fuel, will fall by at least 5%, and also that our fuel costs for the remainder of this year will be substantially 
lower, thanks to our renewed hedging program. 

We intend, as we've previously guided, to use these fuel and other unit cost savings to fund continuous fare reduction. 
As a result, we expect the Q2 yields will be significantly lower than last year. And -- or maybe even slightly above the 
minus 15 to minus 20% range previously guided. 

Based on this yield performance in the first half, we expect the full year yield decline will be at or slightly more than 
minus 20, which is slightly worse than our previous minus 15 to minus 20% guidance. And our full year net profit will 
therefore be towards the lower end of the 200 to 300 million range previously guided. 

As I said, much of this will depend on what the yield outturn is like for the winter, but I think we should be pessimistic 
rather than optimistic, and I think we should seriously disregard some of the lunatic analysts, who are out there coming 
up with forecasts and yields where the yield fall will be significantly lower than that. I don't know where they get the 
optimism from. I think they're just idiots. 

We continue to see enormous opportunities to grow the business. We're besieged by European airports who realize that 
Ryanair is their only credible partner if they wish to reverse recent traffic declines, and we're using that – these 
opportunities significantly lower our costs, both at existing and at new airports. 

Many of our competitors are guiding increased losses most notably BAA, Air France, Lufthansa declining traffic and in 
some cases, as such as Aer Lingus, they've refused to give any guidance at all. 

Ryanair will, we believe, be the only major airline to deliver passenger and profit growth in the current year. The 
winners in this deep recession will always be those companies like Lidl, Aldi, McDonalds and Ryanair, who offer the 
lowest price and the best service to consumers, and we're continuing to expand in a deep recession as others fail. 

We're also continuing to drive down our unit costs and pass these on in the form of lower fares right across Europe for 
the benefit of our 67 million passengers, our staff and our shareholders. 

Howard, do you want to take us through the MD&A, please? 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Okay. Thanks, Michael. For the purpose of the MD&A, all figures and comments are by reference to the adjusted 
results excluding the exceptional items. Exceptional items in the quarter, the 30 June 2009 amount 13.5 million 
reflecting an impairment of Aer Lingus shareholders. 

In the previous year, exceptional items amounted 115, 111.5 million to 50 under the impairment of the Aer Lingus 
shareholding of 93.6 and accelerated depreciation charge of 17.9 million on aircraft disposed in financial years 2009, 


2010. 

Our result, adjusted profit after tax increased by 115.5 million to 136.5 million compared to €21 million in the quarter 
ended 30 June 2008 primarily due to a 42% decrease in fuel costs, partially offset by a 30% decline in average fares. 

Total operating revenues remained almost flat at €775 million despite an 11% growth in passenger volumes as average 
fares declined by 13% due to recession, price promotions and weaker euro/sterling exchange rates. 

Ancillary revenues grew by 13% to 165.3 million during the quarter. Total revenue per passenger, as a result, decreased 
by 10% while the load factor increased by two points to 83% during the quarter. 

Total operating expenses fell by 18% to €620 million, primarily due to lower fuel prices, offset by the higher level of 
activity and increased operating costs associated with the growth of the airline. 

Fuel, which represents 35% of total operating costs compared to 49% in the comparative quarter, decreased by 42% to 
€214 million due to the drop in the price per gallon paid offset by the increase in the number of hours flown. Unit costs 
excluding fuel fell by 5% and including fuel, they fell by 26%. 

Operating margin increased by 17 points to 20% while operating profit increased by €129 million to €154.7 million. 
Net margin increased from 3% at 30th June 2008 to 18% in the current quarter for the reasons I've just outlined above. 
Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was €0.0926 compared to €01.42 in the quarter ended 30 June 2008. 

On to the balance sheet. Gross cash increased by 221.9 million to €2.5 billion. The Group generated cash from 
operating activities of €291.8 million and a further 65.6 million from the sale proceeds of three Boeing 737-800 
aircraft, which together partially funded capital expenditure in the quarter. 

Capital expenditure in total amounted to €348.6 million, largely consisting of advance aircraft payment for future 
deliveries and the delivery of aging new aircraft, Boeing 737, during the quarter. Long-term debt, net of repayments 
increased by €206.5 million to €2.6 billion. The Group had net debt of €104.8 million at quarter end compared to net 
debt of €120 million at March 31, 2009. 

And with that, I'll hand it back to Michael. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Howard. Okay, folks, let's open it up for questions and answers please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming is from the line of Jim Parker from Raymond James. 
Jim, please go ahead. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Michael and Howard, good afternoon. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi Jim. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay. If you visit Dublin Airport, you see this huge new facilities they're building there, and how 
are you going to avoid helping them finance this? I mean what is the future for Dublin Airport? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I've got to be careful, Jim, because we are in a consultation period 
with this Indian regulator at the moment. We have to file our submission by Friday week. I think generally speaking, all 
of the -- I mean everything we have predicted in the last two years is coming home to roost. The Dublin Airport moved 
traffic issue will fall from 24 million passengers last year to probably less than 20 million passengers this year. The 


capacity dipped [inaudible] down to 27 or 28 million passengers and yet these idiot have not built – wasted about €1 
billion building a terminal with a capacity of other 20 or 30 million passengers. That clearly is going to be, I would 
imagine, it can only be resolved in the court. 

At the moment, they may have no customer for that facility unless – although there is some indication that the Irish 
government may put some pressure on Aer Lingus to move into it. Aer Lingus with nine million passengers is clearly 
incapable of filling it or even half filling that facility, Ryanair will never darken the door of it. 

And it will come down to, I suspect a court case, where under the regulatory rules in Europe, you can't be forced to pay 
for something you don't use, although clearly the regulator being such an incompetent idiot in this country is gearing up 
for some sort of notional rubbish that would suggest something along the lines of, every passenger using Terminal 1 
will have such an improved experience because Terminal 1 is now underused that they won't – that they should pay a 
double charge, so that we can cross subsidize a couple of rich punters going through Terminal 2. 

We have a much better solution, that would be to mothball Terminal 2, rent it out either as a second , third shopping 
center or hire it out for weddings, bar mitzvahs and funerals, which is all it's fit for, but it will come down to a 
regulatory issue. I have no doubt the regulator will try to force all the passengers in Terminal 1 to cross subsidize it, and 
I've no doubt we'll finish up in either the Irish or the European court; we and all of the other airlines in Dublin with the 
possible exception of Aer Lingus opposing it. 

There is unanimity among the Dublin airline community that we don't want Terminal 2 and nor do we wish to pay for 
it. That's always been the case. And clearly, there is no requirement for Terminal 2 at Dublin Airport. Even Dublin – 
the DAA's own [inaudible] traffic forecast, which shows the traffic rising to at best about 22 million passengers by 
2014 shows no requirement for the second terminal. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay. Duane has a question as well. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Duane. 

<Q>: Hi, thank you, good afternoon. Just in terms of your fare trends in the quarter, I assume you had some positive 
benefit from the Easter shift, so could you talk qualitatively about year-to-year decline in fare exiting June versus the 
quarter average? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No. I think we guided on the full year road show that the yield 
guidance will be minus 15 to minus 20. It would be somewhat better than that in Q1, largely because of the impact of 
Easter. It would be worse than that in Q2. At the moment, clearly we have very good visibility in Q2 for July and well 
into August, but not – we're still only about, less than 50% of the seats sold for September. So there's every possibility 
that September, the yields could still move a little bit there. 

I think that would largely give rise to our – people are – I received some feedback this morning that our guidance this 
morning is significantly worse than it was on the full year road show. I disagree. I think our guidance is pretty similar. 
But as we said, when we have some further updates on yield, we'll give it to you as we see it. And we will be somewhat 
more pessimistic on yields into September and into the third quarter, combination of impact of recession, these insanely 
stupid travel taxes in Ireland and the UK, and possibility that swine flu could put people off traveling. Although on the 
other hand, we've seen a recent surge in bookings in the last week or two, as the shitty weather in Ireland and the UK 
persuade people actually that they should be holidaying abroad instead of staying home in the monsoon countries of 
Ireland and Britain. 

<Q>: So it's fair then that the increased pessimism on yields is based on what you can't see beyond your current 
visibility? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I mean, if you look at July and August, we are a couple of 
percentage points behind where we thought we would be in early June. Nothing that I would already worry about at the 
moment, but I think if you look at the kind of movement – a lot depends on how much capacity gets taken out to the 
winter. I mean all of our guidance for the full year is heavily qualified by yield and fuel over the winter period. 


You can – and I would be – I think you should take some investors, certainly our shareholders should take some 
comfort from this morning's guidance on three fronts: One, the quarter was slightly better than we had previously 
expected; two, we've managed to extend the hedging program into Q4 at numbers that were slightly better than we 
were previously guiding; and three, we are bang on the nail on the unit – non-fuel unit cost reduction. 

And other than that, there is no significant difference in our yield guidance, our profit guidance for the year is still well 
within our 200 to 300. I think if we're giving you a little bit more color, it will be at the lower end of that. And the only 
people that are being disappointed are a couple of [inaudible] of analysts who were out there last week saying, well, for 
some reason we think yields will only fall by seven or 8%. Don't know where they get it from, but I'd like to be 
smoking some of whatever they are smoking. 

<Q>: Fair enough. Thanks Mike. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks Duane. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question is coming from the line of John Mattimoe from Merrion Capital. John, please go 
ahead. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Hey, good afternoon. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi John. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Hi John. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Just a follow-up to that, just – some of the previous questions covers some of the areas around 
staff. Just in relation to the shift in your full year EU guidance from minus 15 to minus 20 to – to minus 20 or slightly 
worse. Is it the July, August running a couple of percentage points lower than where you saw it a couple of months ago 
causing the shift in that, or is it increased caution on the winter half? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think we see [inaudible] within July and August, and remember 
the traffic growth, what's different about Ryanair and every other airline we're competing with, it's we're still growing 
traffic very strongly, and – but I think it's fair to say in July and August the yields are slightly lower than we could see, 
the final years are turning out slightly, couple of percentage points lower than what we could see in the first week of 
June. We're still well within our guidance. I would have said on the full year road show, we're guiding for the full year 
but most of that was based on zero visibility due to winter. We can be somewhere between minus 15 and minus 20, and 
I think we'd be slightly more cautionary now, it's a couple of percentage points worse than that based on what we can 
see in July, August and the first half of September. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: And your thoughts for the second half, are they similar to where you were in June or any 
difference? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I mean, look, they're exactly where we were in June, John, with no 
visibility for the second half, we haven't a clue. We're just expected to be worse than the first half, but not materially so. 
You really don't get a good – we won't get a good flavor for the second half until a) we see how much short-haul 
capacity has taken out of the system by the flag. There's every indication now I think that if you go to see BA, Air 
France and Lufthansa taking out more short-haul capacity. A lot depends on how many more airlines either go bust or 
cutback significantly in October, November, as you know when we come out of summer and they run out of cash. 

I think you know what was unusual about the My Air closure last week, it's very unusual for an airline to close in the 
last week of June, that's normally when the cash flow was coming through strongly. And looking here in Ireland, Aer 
Lingus talking about taking out more capacity, both long-haul and short-haul. But I think the winter is going to be very 
difficult. And all I can say with some degree of confidence is, we're going to continuing to grow strongly by 
double-digit rates. 


And we are having a very significant impact on all competitors right across Europe, to break hard from the comments 
of the main – the Lufthansa's main Board of Director on Friday that their short-haul market was collapsing, that the 
economy passenger – that the economy traffic was facing a significant decline, that their passengers were no longer 
traveling on brand or on frequent flyer but were traveling solely on price. And I expect that those trends particularly in 
the German market, as we continue to expand in Germany will continue to extenuate. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: And on your own capacity growth for the winter, I presume in aggregate it's unchanged, but it's 
just a question of where you'll deploy it. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think an aggregate is unchanged. We will continue to, and I think 
it's important, I've seen a lot of rubbish in so many UK and the Irish newspapers, oh, Ryanair cuts back capacity every 
winter. Ryanair never cuts back capacity in the winter, we continuously grow year-on-year, season-on-season. Our 
growth takes the winter away, we will continue to grow this winter; there will be a capacity and a traffic growth, but 
there will a significant switch away from the UK and Irish airports where you have two monopoly airport operators, the 
DAA and the BAA working on some 1950 soviet style business plan, supported by two hapless idiot regulators, and 
two governments who think that frigging taxing tourists is the way forward. 

I think Michael will be in Spain later this week where there'll be a major announcement on growth in the Spanish 
market this winter. A lot of that capacity will have been switched out of Ireland and the UK. And the contrast is, in 
Stansted and in Dublin this winter the parking passenger is paying £15 to the airport, €15 to Dublin and a €10, £10 tax. 
So it's 25 quid 30 from Stansted, €25 from Dublin in November. Or the alternative is some of the Spanish airports is a 
zero government – a zero tourist tax, and growth at the Spanish airports will be entirely free. The government is going 
to rebase the airport charge by 100%. 

We leave it up to the traveling public, would you rather visit wet Essex or extremely damp Dublin in November, or 
would you like to go to Spain and pay 25 quid to the British, or would like to go to Spain for free? Eventually these 
morons will get the message. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Thanks. Michael on the unit cost reductions ex-fuel, you rightly pointed out that the Q1 was 
inline with the 5% decline that you previously guided, are you still looking at minus 5% for the full year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. The fact is that, we might do slightly better than that but it'll 
be – it will be very small. We might maybe get to six. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: A lot depends on how much we switch out of high cost airports for 
the winter into very low cost airports. And how much traffic we can switch out of high tax economies in Britain and 
Ireland to low tax economies in Europe. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And on the ancillary revenues on a per passenger basis, would the trend in Q1 be 
representative of where you think it might end up for the full year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think so. But remember now we are into, I think for the 
next year, we expect that ancillary revenue will attract schedule traffic growth. So there's every possibility. I think we're 
forecasting what 30, 40% traffic growth this year. That's what we expect the ancillary revenue. I think we've completed 
the four-year program where ancillary revenues grew at a faster rate than schedule revenues. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And my last question is a finance one for Howard, you might want to take it. Just on the 
net interest side, the net interest drops – the net interest charge drops significantly in Q1 from Q4. I was just wondering 
Howard whether there is any timing issues going on there or whether Q1 or Q4's run rate is representative of where you 
might think it'll run out for the remaining three quarters of this year? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: John, we've had a shift to more 
defensive deposits over the last six months or so. And obviously with interest rates falling as well, that's had a 


significant drag on the interest income. So it depends where interest rates go down. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Yeah. But just on the net figure, I think you dropped from about 24 million of a net charge to 
something closer to 10, and from Q4 to Q1. I was just wondering why – what might have been the cost of that change? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Obviously, lower interest rates. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. On the debt side? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah. You had a reduction interest rate 
on the debt side but you also have obviously a very significant drop-off in interest income. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. Thanks, Howard. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Well thanks, John, well done. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Andrew Light from Citi. Andrew, please go ahead. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: Oh yes, hi. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Andrew. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: The 40% cut at Stansted, do you view that very much as a permanent cut? And if the 
government was to reduce APD or shove it altogether, I mean, how soon could you reintroduce that capacity? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Immediately, I mean the remarkable thing about the BAA Stansted 
is that we sent him a proposal a couple of weeks before we announced the cut offering them 50% traffic growth over 
the next five years, which would have meant we'd have kept the full 40 aircrafts in Stansted this winter and grown 
traffic out of the airport. 

Of course the BAA, who I think are engaged in a kind of process at the moment of massaging their traffic declines to 
help their appeal against the Competition Commission's decision to break them up. I think it suits the BAA to make 
Stansted traffic decline the biggest Stansted traffic decline. The more they can argue all of the timing is unfortunate, 
therefore we'd like to delay the breakup of the sale. We think the BAA are engaged in a process of actually of actively, 
is not encouraging traffic it's declining in Stansted. They are certainly doing nothing to get up off their arses and 
reverse this traffic decline. And you have to ask why an air regulator – the airport wants to see a traffic decline, and it 
can only be I think the timing of the appeal of the Competition Commission's decision. 

The same thing in Dublin, although we don't waste our breath raising Dublin Airport and offering them traffic growth. 
It would simply be a waste of the paper. But in Stansted, Stansted is – the BAA Stansted could, had they so wished, 
accepted our proposal, which would have been not just support the aircraft continue through operating in Stansted this 
winter, but further and very rapid growth out of Stansted the next year and the next five years. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: So would you expect the 16 planes to be permanently deployed elsewhere? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No, I would expect, eventually Stansted or probably when it's 
owned by a competing operator to the BAA. I think the first thing the next new operator will do is talk to Ryanair, how 
can we grow the traffic at this airport rapidly? Very easy, let's have efficient facilities. Remember all costs at Stansted 
were doubled just in May 2007. That's [inaudible] months ago. And that has coincided with an enormous decline in 
BAA and Stansted's traffic. So it's not difficult to work out how Stansted could resume growth. Ryanair is growing like 
gangbuster, it's all over Europe, but we're growing at low cost airports and in low tax countries. 

So we're not growing, in fact we're declining in high tax, high airport cost countries, which is primarily the UK and 
Ireland at the moment. So not only are these costs are not permanent, they could be reversed tomorrow morning if 
either the BAA or a new airport in Stansted wants to return to the 2007 level of charges and work with Ryanair to grow 


their business. 

We believe there's lots of growth available in the London market and lots of growth available at Stansted and we'd like 
to deliver it. But we're not going to deliver it and pay a – twice or 100% penalty to the airport and an insanely stupid 
tourist tax to the government for the privilege of doing it. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: Okay, thanks. This question is for Howard. On the yield in the June quarter and the unit cost, 
what percentage of each was due to a stronger euro, weaker foreign currency, roughly? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Well, we reckon that sterling 
accounted for 3% of the 13% decline in yield. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: Right. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: And of the 5% decline in unit costs, 
about 2% is due to sterling. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Great, thanks Andrew. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Joe Gill from Bloxham. Joe, please go ahead. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Good afternoon. Just three points... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Sorry, Joe who? 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Three questions. One on aircraft allocations, this winter you've over 50 aircraft coming through and 
how many of them are actually allocated at this stage and how many are there to go and when will that process be 
complete? Secondly, aircraft financing, I think Howard just told us this morning saying you are financing 55 aircraft 
through 2010. Can you give us any comment in terms of the terms or the cost of money in that deal compared to 
previous financings given what's happening in credit markets? And finally just on Aer Lingus, what is the carrying 
value of it now? Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, let Howard do the aircraft financing and the Aer Lingus. 
The carrying value, Howard, it's down to what, about 80 million, is it? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: I think it was -


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: 73. Yes. So the carrying value I think is down to €73 million. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: 73, yes. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, and continuing to fall. We might get quite close to our target 
of writing it down to zero [inaudible] progress Aer Lingus is making. On the aircraft allocation, we take -- remember, 
we take 50 aircraft deliveries this winter, Joe, but a lot of those are skewed towards the back end as they come in 
March, April, May of next year. I think we have got 30 or so, I might get the number wrong, but 30 or so for delivery 
between September and March. And at the moment, we only have names on above -- we have roofs on what, about 10 
or 15 of those. We have about 15 left to allocate, but it's just that they are not yet announced. I mean we have -- we 
have deals done. The reason they are not announced is because the deals keep improving on a daily basis. I mean the 
kind of offers we're receiving from airports, both existing and new are quite extraordinary at the moment and we want 
to encourage that inter-airport competition, particularly I think over the next month when they begin to realize how 
much of their existing traffic there is going to lose both from existing carriers. 


<A - Michael Cawley>: George, its Michael Cawley here. Just -- a practical example of that, Thursday afternoon here 
I get a call from Bari Airport to meet them in London the following morning, like for obvious reasons. We hadn't 
allocated any aircraft to them, certainly within the time schedule we are talking about. But now -- because My Air has 
run out of business, but we now have a proposal with them to accelerate aircraft which were previously going to 
somebody else for them. So we want to stay flexible as much as possible because I think the competitive environment 
could afford those opportunities, ones that we would have expected that reasonably well, I mean ENAC could take 
away your license, you are in pretty bad shape, given that they haven't taken it from Alitalia yet. So we knew they were 
going. But there must be others at the moment which, in the next three or four months, would present opportunities for 
us when they would inevitably either decline or completely go out of business. So we are keeping flexible, if you like. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Howard, the aircraft financing? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Yeah, on the aircraft financing, Joe, I 
suppose one of the big benefits we have is that these aircraft, the 55 aircraft will be financed under this U.S. 
government export credit structure, which means that we can borrow at rates substantially below -- for example, if the 
Irish government [inaudible] to talk about either, but -- so the rates are higher than we what we paid previously but 
substantially below what's out there in the market for even sovereign debt. That means we're piggybacking on the 
benefit of having this U.S. government export credit. However, when you take into account that interest rates are at 
historic lows, the net cost was -- is actually -- this coming financing would be some of the cheapest form of financing 
we've ever done, because bank margins have been more than offset by the absolute decline in interest rates. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Okay. Thanks 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Sure. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks Joe. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question will come from the line of Jonathan Wober from Société Générale. Jonathan, please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi Jon. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Hi. I'm going to be a bit tedious and go back to the average fares question. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: And the phasing through the year. So Q1 was better than the new guidance for the full year, 
Q2 you say will be worse and then the second half obviously the visibility is very poor. But just looking at Q4 last year, 
if I'm right, the yield fell by over 20% in that quarter. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: So do you expect another 20% fall in Q4 or will Q4 just going to be a mechanical effect of 
that year-on-year, be better than the guidance for the year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: There's absolutely no point in me giving you some guidance for 
Q4 Jonathan, like -


<Q - Jonathan Wober>: All right. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Jon, my dog would have a better stab at guidance for Q4. 


<Q - Jonathan Wober>: But there must be an assumption in this full year about each quarter. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: There is. The assumption is that -- the assumption on the full year 
is that Q1 would be slightly better than 15%, Q2 would be midway between 15 and 20%. It's slightly worse than that, 
but by a couple of percentage points. We would still -- I think it's relatively fair if the guidance on Q3 and four, second 
half of the year is lying between minus 15 and minus 20. But based on what we see at the moment into July and 
August, we're moving towards minus 20. And therefore, the guidance for the full year is no longer minus 15, minus 20. 
If that is minus 20, it might be slightly ahead of that. 

We don't -- our sense that there is some -- I don't think the pandemic of stupidity over N1 flu or Swine Flu is going to 
amount to much. But I'd be much more concerned about the A, we have two competing influences: one, the impact of 
the recession, unemployment all that on people's income for the winter and secondly then, is like the positive impact of 
how many people, our competitors that are going to take capacity out of our way because they can't compete with us. 
But looking -- there is no point in you coming to us, asking for -- can I have better color on the second half of the year. 
We don't have it. It's based on minus, I would say it was based at minus 50, minus 20. Now, based on what we see for 
the next two and a half months, it's up at around minus 20, maybe even fractionally ahead of that. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: All right, okay. If I can then move out to some other questions please. On employees, 
employees I think were up 10% in the quarter and there is a very positive differential between that and the increase in 
the employee cost which was up only 2%. Are those growth rates both in terms of employee numbers up 10% and 
employee costs up only 2% a good indication of what we could expect for the full year? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I would be surprised if the employee numbers won't be up 20% for 
the full year. So remember, some of our recruitment is skewed towards the first quarter. And then as we sit some 
aircraft on the ground over the winter, you'd see the employee numbers will come back down again during the winter. 
We will be letting some people go. But yes, you would expect for the full year, you could expect employee numbers to 
be up by more than employee costs. The unit employee cost will be falling. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Okay. And then just on to maintenance costs please, can you just explain the high growth in 
maintenance costs in the quarter? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Jonathan, that's reflecting the fact that 
we had some extra checks in the quarter. It also reflects the fact that we had some aircraft which we took in, which are 
leased aircraft as well, obviously we accrue for the maintenance cost, the hours we accumulate under the maintenance 
cost. But it can be a bit lumpy from time to time. So there were some additional costs during the quarter. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Okay. So it wouldn't be a rate that we'd expect to go through the year, up 34% through... 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think increasingly, you need to look at, if you take the 
depreciation and amortization, which is the owned aircraft and the maintenance cost, which -- where you get the 
reflection of a leased aircraft, if you look at the quarter, you see the depreciation and amortization has increased only by 
17%, because more aircraft were taken on operating leases which has driven up the maintenance cost by 34 for -- a 
21% increase in the number operating leases. 

There is nothing significant or untoward in there. The underlying -- with the exception this year of Eurocontrol charges, 
as we previously guided, all the other unit costs will rise at a slower rate than scheduled traffic. We are back into very 
tight control on unit cost, which I suspect will be unique amongst the European airlines again, I know there are other 
mid fare airlines giving guidance later on this week, who are not growing. Some like Aer Lingus, who're actually – 
their traffic is in decline. You're going to see their unit costs bloody well explode. 

Now they'll be all waffle about average fares and yields and all the rest of it. But look at the unit costs, right, the 
strength in what we are reporting today is non-fuel unit costs down 5% from Europe's biggest airline. I would imagine 
we'd be the only airline reducing unit costs whilst growing significantly. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Okay, thanks very much. 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Jon. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Stephen Furlong from Davy. Please go ahead. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Stephen. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Yeah, hi, Michael. Yeah, two questions. Firstly, just on revenue, you mostly talked about 
volumes. I know you've been talking about yields and you're happy with the booking curve, the usual 80, 50 in terms of 
where your booking volumes are. I think, before you were saying you were moving slightly ahead to have a fuller 
booking pattern, but at weaker yields, obviously. So that's just the first thing. 

And the second thing, you might just go through where you see changes in consumer behavior on the bags. Obviously, 
it's working, whereby people are having less bags and therefore that's helping reduce the costs. Is there any other 
knock-on effects? For example, less excess baggage charges, and these type of things? Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Steve. Yeah, the booking pattern remains consistent with 
what we saw on the full year roadshow. We're running with advance bookings about 2% ahead of where they were this 
time last year. We want to make sure that they were well -- booked strongly well in advance so that was shock to the 
system. And we're doing that. We're driving the prices down in order to keep that there. 

Now we're not – the load factors aren't rising any, because we're closing it off closer-in and probably making fewer 
cheap seats available closer-in once we have the guarantee that -- we enter the month two percentage points ahead of 
where we were this time last year. 

Interesting is, one of the big – I think it's one of the big impacts on the ancillary revenue is the extent to which people 
are avoiding check-in baggage. I think it's fair to say we're running significantly behind our budget numbers on 
check-in baggage fees. We're down to – it'll jump a little bit in July and August. But in the month of April, May and 
June, we were down as low as 30% of passengers traveling with checked in bags. 

Which is -- you lose the revenue, if you like, straight away; and it will take some months for the costs to feed through. 
We see a lot of that -- some of those cost savings coming through during the winter period, when I expect in some 
cases, the checked-in bags will be down below 20% of passengers. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: That's great. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Stephen. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Jay Huck from Egerton Capital. Please go ahead, Jay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Jay, go ahead please. 

Operator 

There is no answer in Jay's line. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Ken Wisden from St. John. Please go ahead, Ken. 

<Q>: Hi, there, guys. I just had a question about traffic. And Michael, you have been guiding to 15% traffic growth for 
the year. And I thought I heard you say earlier maybe 13 to 14. I just wanted to confirm that, and then I have another 
question? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Sorry, there's no change in our traffic guidance. It will be -- just 
over 67 million passengers, which is up 15%, isn't it? 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: 15%. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, sorry, my apologies. 

<Q>: Okay, great. And then the other question is just looking at the September quarter. I assume there's going to be a 
pretty big acceleration in traffic from the June quarter. And I'm wondering if that had any impact on the yield guidance 
that you're giving? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Well, let me add – there's lines to the question. One, yes, the traffic 
growth would be stronger. But two, we don't that the rate of traffic growth has any significant effect on the downward 
driving yield. We think that the passengers are just more price sensitive at the moment. It's taking -- while we're 
growing capacity strongly, we do have a lot of new base and new routes. But I think the underlying trends are the 
impact of which – we're clearly having to absorb some of the airport charges and the travel taxes in Ireland and the UK 
to drive the traffic forward during the summer, whereas we'll switch our capacity out of the UK and Ireland this winter. 

<Q>: Okay. Can you give a forecast on traffic just -- for the rest of the fiscal year, to see when it's coming in more or 
less -? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We just guide for the year. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: You get the guidance there could be 67 million passengers, then 
you see we report monthly then. 

<Q>: Okay, great. But out of -- you're ahead, you did 11% this quarter, so it is going to ramp up, throughout the year. 
Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, it is. Remember, that's because some of the aircraft deliveries 
were delayed with the Boeing strike into May, June. In fact, we took the last two pre-summer deliveries from Boeing 
on – they came in on Friday night, which would be the – what is it – nearly at the end of July. Those aircrafts were 
originally due to deliver in May, so some of them are slightly skewed into the second quarter. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I think remember, Jay. The key thing to remember with Ryanair is 
the variable here is never the passengers. We'll hit the passenger numbers; the variable is always the yield. Where our 
load factor acts as price passive. We'll take whatever price. Whatever the yield will be, it will be. But we manage the 
business to ensure that we hit the traffic figures; the traffic and the load factor targets. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Thanks very much. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Edward Stanford from Cazenove. Edward, please go ahead. 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: Good afternoon, everybody. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Hi, Ed. 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: A couple of questions please. First of all, coming back to your issue about Dublin and 
Stansted and the £10 tax. Is it as simple as the removal of the tax, if ever that happened, or do you really need to see 
also a cut in airport charges before you resume growth at Stansted? 

And secondly, are things sufficiently miserable for Boeing and Airbus for them to have meaningful talks with you yet, 
or are you still sitting and waiting? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: I'll deal with the second one first. We have offers out to both, and 
we have got proposals out to both Boeing and Airbus. I think, given that they've just gone through their airshow period 
and all that stuff, I would expect there to be further dialogue with both of them towards the end of August or early 
September. 

But I'm relatively – I think that there will be a deal done with one or other; either late this year or the first quarter of 
next year, when they start focusing on their delivery books into 2012, first quarter of 2012. They're all working on their 
delivery of all their orders. So this year is largely held up. I think the orders for next year are falling asunder. 

But we will buy more aircrafts, if we can get them at the terms we're looking for. And if we don't get them at the terms 
we looking for – we won't buy more aircrafts. It's not going to stop our growth between now and 2012. 

And if, at its worst, it means that we stop growing in 2012. Hey, I just stopped growing in 2012. We'll start managing 
the business for cash, which is the other alternative. 

But I would remain – I think, confident is a too strong a word – optimistic that both Airbus and Boeing will see the 
seller days that this is a unique opportunity to sign up for maybe 200 aircrafts with Ryanair, and do it at the end of this 
year or early next year. That's why, if you see again, one of the strength in today's numbers, with 2.5 billion in cash 
sitting on the balance sheet, we're ready, willing and able to write the check. 

And I forgot the first half of the question, and we're sorry. 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: It was – it's – growing again at Stansted and Dublin. You were saying that you need to see 
the tax come off, but is it also 


<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: We're calling for the tax to come off in Ireland; that would 
certainly reverse – we would reverse our flight cuts at all airports, with the exception of Dublin. Dublin is much more 
deep seated. There's no way – it's the same bloody government, whether it's the tax or the DAA, the DAA are going to 
have to reduce their charges before we're going to grow Dublin again. 

Stansted, I think, is a little bit more flexible. Certainly, we want to see the Stansted costs come down, in which case 
we''' be prepared to grow. I think the campaign against the travel tax of the UK is much more difficult. Simply because 
it generates just so much revenue for the UK government, whereas the Irish travel tax generates absolutely nothing. In 
net-net terms, what they lose in visitor spend far outweighs the travel tax, so. 

But I think at the other UK airports; we would grow significantly at the UK provincial airports if the travel tax 
disappeared. I think we would reverse the winter cuts at Stansted if the travel tax was gone, but I don't see – I don't 
think we would grow at Stansted based on the current airport costs. 

Here in Ireland, if the travel tax is taken away, we would certainly grow at the non-Dublin airports. And I think Dublin; 
we would want to have a discussion with the government about significantly reducing the high and uncompetitive 
charges at Dublin Airport. 


I don't know whether that's helpful in terms of giving you guidance or not, but. 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: No, that is. Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: It's as close as I can get there. Put it this way, I think, if the tax 
went off, we'd grow elsewhere in Ireland and the UK. We'd want some discount at Stansted to grow at Stansted and we 
would want very deep discounts at Dublin. But Dublin has nowhere else to go. Aer Lingus is cutting traffic; most other 
airlines have pulled out of Dublin. They're in free fall. But they're a regulated monopoly, so their hope is that they'll get 
the idiot regulator to rubberstamp something like an 18, 20% price increase to cover this year's traffic decline and then 
give them a 100% price increase at the end of 2010 to pay for the white elephant. 

<Q - Edward Stanford>: Thanks a lot. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Edward. 

Operator 

Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Travis Anderson from Gilder Gagnon Howe. Please go ahead 
Travis. 

<Q>: Good afternoon. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your change in check-in policy and its effect 
on, both, ancillary revenues and your employee or airport costs. I'm not sure where that shows up in your line items. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Generally, Travis, you'll see it beginning to come through in our 
airports and handling costs, we're moving – remember, we move all passengers -- 100% of the passengers through to 
web check-in on the 1st of October. At the moment, through the summer, it's a dual policy, anybody who booked 
before April can use the airport check-in. 

Very positive feedback from customers on web check-in, the idea that they can avoid check-in queues. Some 
occasional glitches with the kiosks in Stansted, but we're working our way through those. And generally speaking, we 
think this is definitely the way -- it is clearly the way forward. But we haven't yet taken it any further than that. 

I'd say, I have radical plans next year, some of which are not entirely supported by the CEO or the senior managers 
here, to encourage passengers to bring all their baggage down to the aircraft, which would again significantly reduce 
airport costs. But I think our focus in the short-term is to get 100% capacities over to web check-in first. 

And I think the passengers are self-policing the checked-in baggage, because it continues to plummet, even well below 
where we thought it would be when we set the budget four months ago. 

<Q>: So you've built in some of those savings into your estimate of falling non-fuel costs? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yes. 

<Q>: Okay, thanks 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Thanks, Travis. What we hadn't build in though, this winter was, 
things like the Spanish government reducing airport costs to zero for growth. And those kind of initiatives where, if we 
really push hard, I suspect we might get the unit costs up a fraction above 5%, this winter, but then some of that may be 
eaten up in further yield declines. It's hard to know at this stage. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is coming from the line of Robert DeCost from Money Matter. Robert, please go ahead. 

<Q>: Okay. Can you comment on any historical precedent for these taxes at the various airports, and maybe at other 
airports throughout Europe? Are they the type of things that the governments put on and then subsequently remove? Or 


do they tend to stay in place? Have these taxes been put in place in the past? Just some history around the taxes. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah. The Irish government introduced the travel tax about 10 
years ago, and withdrew it when we had to have more enlightened Tourism Minister called Charlie McCreevy which 
withdrew it about five years ago, which set the Irish airports and tourism on a growth path for about four or five years. 

The Belgian and the Dutch governments are the two more recent examples. The Belgium government announced the 
travel tax at the middle of last year. At the time, in fairness it was an environmental nonsense. It was all, we'll tax the 
air travel because it's bad for the bloody environment. 

And then following the Dutch government would introduce a €12 eco-tax on air tickets. Mind you it was only on the 
tickets of non-KLM Airlines. Back in March of last year. The Dutch then reverted the move and withdrew it in 
September at which date the Belgians who were due to introduce their's in October or November, announced they were 
going to repeal their's before it came into play. 

<Q>: [inaudible] and then doubled it again isn't it? They have that initially. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: In the UK, when the current labor 
government came in force, 10 years ago, 11 years ago now, I guess. Gordon Brown halved it within a year or 18 
months, and then he doubled it about a year-and-a-half ago. It was £10 originally, it halved it to five and then he 
doubled it again. And now it goes up by another 10% at least for short-haul flights within Europe, our flights, on the 1st 
of November. 

So it's all over the place. It depends on the revenue circumstances of the government and their orientation towards 
liberal taxation, basically. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: So I think the last precedent here. And I think the issue we've got, I 
had a chat with a government minister here last week. This is the last island in Europe. Tourism is I think our second 
largest industry apart from the overseas investment, it's bigger than [inaudible], bigger than financial services, and yet 
they're fucking introducing this insane tax because, well, the British introduced the tax, so we'd introduced the bloody 
tax. It just doesn't make any sense. 

And the British have reduced domestic holiday business, whereas the Irish don't. But anything that's going to cost 
Ireland three or four million passengers this year is simply insane. And the fact that your taxes at best are going to raise 
about 80 million a year. They could have raised that and more by simply cutting down the advertising budgets of the 
various tourist boards in this country which is what we have advocated instead. 

So, we take one more question, because I'm afraid I've got a 4:04 flight to go to Germany. Andrea if there's one other 
question there, please. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our last question will come from the line of Eamonn Hughes from Goodbody. Eamonn, please go ahead. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Hi, there. Just I know it's kind of been cleared already in terms of the yield. But just trying to 
get a sense with August versus July on the yield side, first of? 

<A - Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer>: No, both, are remarkably similar. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Just in terms of – maybe Howard might take these, just the tax rate and CapEx. And the 
CapEx number, I think, Howard you had mentioned in the last set of results when it was 400 million possibly by the 
end [inaudible] the net debt number. I'm just wondering given the CapEx trend if that's still very much attractive. Just 
in terms of the tax rates. You kind of said round about 10% for the year, [inaudible] the first quarter, I'm just wondering 
is that kind of a new run-rate [inaudible] for the rest of the year? 


<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: No, you can look the trend for the full 
year. Gross CapEx we're talking for fiscal 2010 of about 1.2 billion and the kind of last big year, the following year, the 
mark-sheet has 11, something similar about 1.3 billion. 

Net cash, although a 100 million now at the moment, we have – sorry, net cash of 100 million at the moment. As we 
move through the winter with the bulk of deliveries coming across this winter period, we expect that gap to widen. So 
probably 250 million net cash by March '10. 

<Q - Eamonn Hughes>: Okay. Thanks, Howard. Thank you. 

<A - Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer>: Okay. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, folks, thank you very much. As I said, anybody has any further questions, Michael Cawley, with Niels, David 
[inaudible] we're all here in Dublin. Howard has been nominated to give community investment in Dublin tomorrow. 

If any of you have any other question, please feel free to call us either today or tomorrow. 

Before we finish, can I end by inviting everybody, we're having our Investor Day on the 2nd of October next – it's a 
Friday. I think, it's 8:30 to 1 o'clock in the London Hills on Park Lane. Greatfully sponsored by Davis and Morgan 
Stanley. Invitations will issue in the next week. But if anybody is around in the first week of October, we look forward 
to seeing you. 

We'll give you Ryanair's update, we'll be able to give you much more color on the second quarter, and hopefully a bit 
better guidance on yields. 

As I said, don't get too panicked by today's numbers. I think the only people who will really be upset are couple of 
those non-Irish analysts who are out there with silly optimistic yields forecasts last week. It's not a time for optimism or 
not a time for time silly forecasts. We're well within our range of guidance of two to 300 million. 

The traffic is growing strongly, the unit costs are falling. Yes, we're a little bit unsure about what the yield looks like 
for the six or nine months. But we're continuing to deliver very strong traffic and profit growth in the current year. And 
I think by the end of this year our position across Europe will be significantly enhanced as all of our competitors 
continue to reduce flights and operations in those markets where they compete with us. 

Thanks very much everybody. Talk to you soon. Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now replace your handset. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


