FY 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Stephen Furlong 
• John Mattimoe 
• Jim Parker 
• Travis Anderson 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Ryanair Full Year Results Conference Call. 
At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode, until we conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions 
will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And just to remind you, this conference is being recorded. 

I would now like to hand over to our Chairperson, Michael O'Leary. Please begin your meeting and I will be standing 
by. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. You are all very welcome to the Ryanair full year 
results press conference. And I would refer you to the results release and the investor slide presentation as well as the 
webcast, which is on our website at www.ryanair.com. 

For any of you who want to have a look at that later on today would give you better background briefing. You can also 
book Europe's lowest air fares with a guarantee of no fuel surcharges right there on it as well. 

I am here with Howard Millar in London. Michael Cawley is joining us from the U.S. and Sean Coyle and Neil 
Sorahan are on the call as well. 

And a couple of brief opening remarks; very good set of numbers this morning, although they are covering for the last 
year. [inaudible] record profits up 20% to 481 million. Traffic growth of 20%, 50.9 million passengers as average fares 
including baggage charges fell 1% over the year. Unit cost, despite a 6% increase in sector length rose 2%, primarily 
due to higher staff and airport cost and we maintained our industry leading after tax profit margin of 18%. 

A number of major highlights in the last year; obviously the profit growth of 20% to 481 million; traffic growth of 20% 
to 51 million; we added 30 new aircrafts; we opened three new bases in Bournemouth, Edinburgh and Belfast and 201 
new routes; we continue to improve our punctuality, reduce the number of lost bags and cancellations; we increased the 
stake in Aer Lingus to 29.2%; completed a 300 million share buyback and initiated a second 200 million share buyback 
of which we've done about 33 million to date while still retaining 2.2 billion in cash. 


Looking forward for the current year, clearly we've revised guidance. Many people had thought we were somewhat 
over pessimistic on the third quarter when we said with oil at $85 a barrel earnings might fall by 50%. This morning we 
are restating that. 

Two factors obviously that determine guidance and that is average fares and fuels. We are now working off numbers 
for the current year that oil will remain high at about $130 a barrel. Although, thanks mainly to competitor fuel 
surcharges and fare increases, we're seeing less pressure, less downward pressure on fares and yields this time. We 
have decent visibility on fares and yields out through the reminder of the summer. And it looks like I mean our average 
fares including baggage charges will be up, maybe 4 or 5%. 

If that continues for the full year, a combination of 5% increase in average fares, €130 a barrel on oil, we would expect 
now to breakeven for the full year; obviously, a very significant decline on current profitability, but still a tremendous 
outcome in a year when we have such an enormous jump in oil prices. That gives us the confidence to continue our 
proposition to the traveling public, our customers, which is, we guarantee the lowest fares in everywhere we fly and we 
guarantee no fuel surcharges, not today, not tomorrow, not ever. 

Couple of other things we would like to touch on. We warmly welcome the U.K. Competition Commission's report on 
the BAA airport monopoly in here in London, well, London in particular, but London and the Scottish airports as well. 
We fully support their findings that the BAA monopoly ownership of the Scottish airports has been bad for 
competition; that BAA monopoly ownership of the London airports has been bad for competition; the way the BAA 
monopoly has conducted its business has been bad for competition; and the wholly inadequate regulatory regime 
operated by the misguided CAA has been bad for competition as well. 

We will renew our call when we are meeting with the Competition Commission calling on the BAA airports to be 
broken up in their entirety. Selling off Gatwick isn't going to resolve the competition problem in the London airports 
and the Scottish airports. We need, if you are going to have improved airport facilities here in the Southeast in the U.K. 
to break it up all together, spin the three London airports into separate competing airports because they think 
competition will deliver better facilities, improve passenger services at lower costs and let's face it, passenger services 
at the London airports couldn't be any worse. 

We are also continuing to call for competition in Dublin Airport monopoly where we are replicating the worst effects 
of a regulated monopoly airport model. We believe there should be a competing second and ideally competing third 
terminal. We would be happy to build it ourselves and we welcome the recent change in the Irish government and hope 
that the new government will be more committed to delivering competition at Dublin airport. 

Clearly, the over-riding of concerns for the airlines going forward, this year, is oil at $130 a barrel. As I said that if 
average fares increase for the year by 5%, we would expect to breakeven with oil at $130 a barrel. It's difficult to make 
any more accurate predictions because clearly we do believe that oil remains at $130 a barrel. There will be some 
significant capacity reductions in Europe this winter through a combination of the larger airlines reducing capacity, 
grounding aircraft through the winter and some of the smaller airlines going bust as we believe they will at those kind 
of prices. 

Nevertheless we do believe that there is an outcome there. We're in an environment where we think the Ryanair model 
can prosper. Higher oil prices is undoubtedly enhancing the attraction of Ryanair's guaranteed lowest fares. Presently 
forward bookings are running about two percentage points ahead of where they were at the same time last year. We're 
under less downward pressure on fares as well, and we attribute most of that to the fact that the competitors are 
[inaudible] on the fuel surcharge and increasing fares. 

We think that will continue for the year. If oil prices remain high, there will be a recession in the U.K. and across 
Europe. Passengers will become more price sensitive, which will drive them towards Ryanair. Competitors will 
continue to increase fares and fuel surcharges. And undoubtedly the many of Europe's second-tier or so-called low-fare 
airlines will go bust, which will reduce capacity and may in time over the winter lead to a more benign yield 
environment. Although clearly all of this is driven by oil prices. 


We remain convinced that the airlines will prosper through a period of high oil price during economic recession or 
those like Ryanair that has the lowest cost in the industry, the lowest fares in the industry, that operates a fleet of new, 
cheaper fuel-efficient aircraft and has substantial cash balances to be able to trade through a cyclical downturn. 

Nobody is better placed in Europe and the European airline industry than Ryanair is to prosper through that kind of 
negative winter. And in many ways we look forward to it because I think it's going to open up more opportunities for 
growth, certainly more opportunities to expand at airports who a couple of years ago would barely talk to us. And we 
look forward to continuing to expand sensibly in a low-cost manner, lowering costs as we go, confident in the 
knowledge that as oil prices soften, as I think they undoubtedly will at some point in time over the medium term, as oil 
prices come back, our earnings and our share price will rebound strongly. 

Just in terms of the share buyback, the direction, we've already completed a €300 million share buyback last year. 
We've started another €200 million share buyback. To date we've acquired 11.85 million shares at a total spend of €33 
million. 

And I should say, all of the numbers for the purposes of today's conference refer to our profits or our numbers 
excluding the exceptional items. There's three principal exceptional items this year – a 10.6 million net of tax gain from 
the disposal of five aircraft last year. Second, accelerated depreciation net of tax of 9.3 million on 15 aircraft, which 
will be disposed over the coming two years, and a $92 million write-off of our stake in Aer Lingus. 

As you remember, we acquired a 29% stake in Aer Lingus; the average cost of our shares about just over €2.50. Aer 
Lingus is today trading I think something around €1.70, €1.80, significantly below their flotation price at 2.20 and way 
below our offer price of 18 months ago of €2.80. And accordingly under the accounting rules, we have to recognize 
that as an impairment value at our balance sheet date being the 31st of March. 

Okay, with that, I'll hand you over to Howard – ask you to take us briefly through the MD&A. Then we'll open it up for 
the questions and answers. Howard? 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Okay, thank you, Michael. We'll obviously take into account all these numbers that as Mike said, excluding the 
exceptional items which arose in the year. Profit after tax increased by 20% to €480.9 million compared to €401.4 
million in the previous year ended 21st of March, 2007, reflecting a 20% increase in passenger numbers, a 1% decrease 
in average fares, which includes checked-in baggage revenues and strong growth in ancillary revenues. The growth in 
revenues was offset by a combination of higher fuel, airport charges, and staff costs. Total operating revenues increased 
by 21% to 2.7 billion, faster than the 20% growth in passenger volumes, as average fare decreased by 1% and ancillary 
revenues grew by 35% to 488.1 million. 

Total revenue per passenger, as a result, increased by 1%, whilst load factor remained flat at 82% during the year. Total 
operating expenses increased by 23% to 2.166 billion due to the increased level of activity and increased costs 
associated with the growth of the airline. Fuel, which now represent 37% of total operating costs compared to 39% last 
year, increased by 14% to €791.3 million due to an increase in the number of hours flown, offset by a decrease in our 

U.S. dollar cost per gallon and a positive movement in the U.S. dollar exchange rate against the euro. 
Staff costs rose by 26% reflecting the growth in the airline, a share option charge of 10.9 million, and a one off increase 
in cabin crewing ratios. Excluding the charge of 10.9 million for the share option grant, staff costs would have 
increased by 22%. Airport and handling charges increased by 45% to 396.3 million arising from the doubling of airport 
charges at Stansted and higher charges at Dublin Airport. Unit costs as a result rose by 2% and operating margins 
decreased by 1 point to 20%, whilst operating profit increased by 16% to €547.7 million. 

Net margins remained flat for the reasons we have just outlined. And earnings per share increased by 22% to 31.81 
cents for the year reflecting our increased profitability and the impact of a share buyback of 59.5 million shares during 
the year. 


On to the balance sheet; total cash decreased by €28.4 million to €2.169 billion as the growth in profitability was offset 
by the funding of a 300 million share buyback program, a 58.1 million investment in Aer Lingus and €937.1 million of 
capital expenditure. Total debt, net of repayments, increased during the period by €404.4 million . 

Shareholders' equity at March 31 decreased by €37.6 million to €2.502 billion compared to March 31, 2007 due to the 

390.7 million increase in profitability during the period, obviously after exceptional items and 8.4 million proceeds 
from the exercise of share options, offset by 436.7 million due to the impact of the required IFRS accounting treatment 
for derivative financial instruments, pensions, available for sale of financial assets, stock option grants and a share 
buyback. 
And with that, I hand it back to Michael for Q&A 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, Kim, if you could open it up for the Q&A please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Stephen Furlong from Davy Research. Please go 
ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Hi, Michael. I was just wondering in terms of the bases at Birmingham and Edinburgh, were 
you surprised that you did deals there, and maybe can you just go give us some color on that? Secondly, just to talk 
about the stage length, I know it's something you're trying to actively manage going forward. Because that seems to be 
a headwind for the call flights, we might just talk about that more medium term. And then just finally, just maybe just 
talk about the 20 aircraft that probably going to be grounded this winter. Was there an art or a science to get to that 
number, or it was just where you intuitively feel that's the right number for the fleet, 10%? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay, thanks Stephen. Yes, Birmingham and Edinburgh are a very significant development 
for a couple of reasons. Firstly, they're airports that really wouldn't talk to us about discounted arrangements two years 
ago because they were big BA bases, or in the case of Edinburgh, they had a big easyJet base up there. I think what 
some of those bigger regional airports have to come to realize is two things. One, you can't rely on British Airways. 
Either they're going to close some of their regional bases, or they're certainly going to cut back the capacity very 
significantly, and equally that there's only so much growth you'll get with easyJet. So they have a relatively high fare 
operation, but a kind of a flight profile that is let's say based on connecting you to some of the European capital cities 
and some of the charter stuff to Spain. 

But if you want real and sustained traffic growth, you need Ryanair in there with much lower fares, and they're 
prepared to work with us to develop a secondary base. I think it's a compelling thing, firstly one that airports want us to 
come in and grow rapidly at bases where an airline like BA is withdrawing capacity or closing bases altogether. And, 
two, airports want us to grow in circumstances where easyJet has stopped growing. That's been replicated in airports 
like Liverpool, as you said, Liverpool, Bristol, Birmingham and Edinburgh. And it has to a certain extent slowed down 
the development of bases on Continental Europe and Eastern Europe. These are in our view unique opportunities to get 
in there with a low-cost base and work with pretty substantial airports to develop very rapid traffic growth, and we're 
working with them to do that. 

Stage length, it's not a conscious decision that the stage length would fall, although clearly we'd like to see stage length 
fall. Then in the results we announced today, unit costs were up 2% in a year when the stage length was up 6%. So I 
think we still demonstrate a lot of cost discipline in our growth. What fundamentally drives the stage length growth, 
however, is the selection of bases. Last year the bases were Bournemouth, Bristol and Belfast. I think this year we 


believe that the stage length growth would be somewhat smaller again than 6%. I think it makes the cost, the unit cost 
growth a little bit easier if the stage length is shorter, but it's fundamentally driven by base selection. 

If there is an art or a science to grounding 20 aircraft this winter, neither. It just seems to work with that. We think it 
worked well for us last year. We grounded seven aircraft at Stansted. I think it's fundamental if you're going to be 
low-cost airline that at high-cost airports like Stansted and Dublin where you have a failed regulatory regime rubber 
stamping unjustified and significant cost increases is that you cut back capacity significantly during the [inaudible] the 
winter period. It's nothing to do with the high price of oil. It's to do with the high cost at those airports. 

We will be writing to both airports in the next week or so looking for a significant discount for the winter. And if we 
get significant discounts, then we cut back the capacity by less than 20 aircraft. If we get what we got last year, which 
was go-to-hell, unresponsive monopoly response, then we will significantly cut back capacity at both Stansted and 
Dublin this winter. That capacity will be restored in the following summer where the market seems more willing to pay 
slightly higher fares to cover these unjustified cost increases, but certainly we're not going to do it during the winter. 

I think it's interesting, at a time when the Stansted monopoly last year doubled its charges, when the regulator stood by 
like an idiot and just rubber stamped it, that Stansted suffered its first traffic decline for some 20 years. The regulator 
six months ago was arguing that Stansted should be de-designated because they had no pricing power. Now in recent 
weeks, he has issued a new report on the back of the – to the Competition Commission calling for the breakup of the 
BAA monopoly because it's bad for competition. All it does is illustrate that the Regulator in the U.K. is a clown. He 
has no idea of what's going on in the marketplace, and he shouldn't be allowed to regulate a rapacious monopoly like 
the BAA. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: That's great. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of John Mattimoe from Merrion Capital. Please go ahead, your line is open. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Hello. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: John, hi. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: I have just questions on three areas. First on yields, second on unit costs and the third one is 
just on fleet. Just in relation on the 5% unit growth that you have been guiding during the day, can I just check in 
relation to the summer, which I presume you have reasonable visibility as for as this stage, will there be any distortion 
between Q1 and Q2, particularly with Easter being absent from Q1 of this year? Secondly, can I just check that the 
guidance takes into account the effect of sterling? 

<A - Howard Millar>: John yes, in terms of Q1 clearly the comparison is a difficult one given that we had Easter in 
Q1 last year. While I won't be specific on actual yields, I think you can expect that we would expect that yields would 
be higher; our average fare will be higher than 5% over the summer period and slightly below that over the winter 
period. But we don't have enough bookings basically to call that for an entire year. And what was the second part of 
that John? 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Sorry, just on that Howard is just really just the difference between Q1 and Q2, rather than 
getting into the summer/winter difference just, with Q2, would the growth be a bit stronger in Q1, relative to Q1, given 
that Easter...? 

<A - Howard Millar>: I think the gap will be better, but it's a very – I said that the gap will be narrower clearly in Q1, 
because we had Easter last year and so the gap will be narrower and wider in Q2. That's the best we can give you now 
at this stage John. 


<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay and the second part Howard, is it... 
<A - Howard Millar>: All guidance factors in sterling at current rates. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. So then currency increase in average fare then will probably be closer to 10%, would 


that be right? 


<A - Howard Millar>: I don't know where you're getting that from, but our average of 5% takes into account the 
movement on sterling that we would expect over this year which is priced on current rates. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. Great. Thanks Howard. And the second one was just on the unit costs. i just wanted to 


know, to check, was I right in thinking on the webcast earlier, you were saying that that would be flat? 
<A - Howard Millar>: That's right. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: Excluding fuel. 
<A - Howard Millar>: Excluding fuel. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Fuel. Just in relation... 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: ...3%, more or less the 3% sector length we should absorb most of that with kind of 


reductions on the other unit cost. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. So if the sector length is the main driver pitching it up, yes. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes. When you look, it's almost half the rate of where we were last year, average sector 


length grows over 6% last year. And this year obviously we don't have the final route selections done in terms of what's 


going to happen in the winter, but at the moment it looks like it'll be about 3%. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: And can I just ask in relation to those non-fuel costs, how much of those would be based in 
sterling? 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: We don't have the spit of those available, John. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay, and then lastly, just two questions on the fleet. Firstly, just in relation to the five aircrafts 


that were referenced as being sold to a Russian buyer earlier, are those five out of the 11 that remain to be sold as of the 
yearend or is there still 11 that remain to be sold? 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: Still 11. We had 20 sold, John, if you remember in February. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Yes. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: We've sold another five since then, and that would then leave 11 to get us to 36, with the 


balance of the additional 10 being operating leases have been returned to the lessor. 
<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay, and then this is the last question – just in relation to the current environment, if a 


downturn is on the way in the industry, do you think that will give an opportunity maybe to do a renewed deal with 
Boeing to get to beyond say the 2012 deliveries that you have at the moment? 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: Well, firstly I don't think a downturn is on the way. The downturn is here in the industry. We 


started initiating talks with Boeing and Airbus before Christmas on aircraft delivery beyond 2012. Both of them at that 
stage were telling us how big the order book was between now and 2012, with thousands of aircrafts ordered into India, 
in North American re-fleeting programs, all that kind of nonsense. They weren't yet at any kind of – they weren't yet 
where we would want them to be to discuss serious numbers of our aircraft post-2012. So the discussions continue, but 
really unless there's going to be some significant, painful retrenchment in the industry over this winter, which we 
expect there will be with oil at $130 a barrel, I don't think talks are going anywhere at the moment. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: So we're in talks, but we're not really going anywhere yet on price. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay, and any chance of long-haul dimension being in the next order? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I don't know. I mean, the long haul project is something that's entirely separate from Ryanair. 
We wouldn't want to contaminate our Ryanair aircraft order with something else on long haul. Long haul has nothing to 
do with Ryanair, although clearly if there's a massive downturn in the industry and aircraft parked up in the desert, the 
possibility of a long-haul, low-cost, low-fare carrier would get closer. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I'd like to keep that separate from our Ryanair conference call, if you like. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Fair enough. Thanks, Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth from Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Your line is open. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Michael, good morning. It's Jim; Jim Parker with Raymond James. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Jim, hi. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: I want to ask Howard a question about the currency hedges, what your currency hedges in dollars, 

U.S dollars are for 2009 versus fiscal '09 year versus fiscal '08. 
<A - Howard Millar>: Hi, Jim. Yes, obviously we have a long-term hedging horizon on the dollar. At the moment we 
have 18 months pretty much almost 100% hedged out. Within this fiscal year, the average exchange rate between the 
dollar and the euro would be about 142 versus 130 last year. We've also at the same time taken advantage of the present 
weakness of the dollar and extended our capital hedging program, and we're actually out to 2011 on that. And a lot of 
that is done now at about €1.50 out to 2011. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay. Second question, Michael, what do you do with the pilots when you park 20 aircraft? Let's 
say that you do, do you have to compensate pilots, or are you using independent contractors or how do you handle the 
labor situation when you park those aircraft? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Generally speaking, we have a combination of three things, Jim. Firstly, we have contractors 
who actually are looking to take three and four months off during the winter. And they fly more during the summer, so 
they get up to their annual 900-hour limit during summer. We also take out significant amount of holidays for the crews 
across that winter period, and sort of put them out on holidays and get the holidays out in the system. And the third is 
we just slightly delay the recruitment of new pilots in [inaudible] new pilots for the new aircraft launches, which will 
be launched, or the new bases and the new routes that will be launched in about April '09. 

So we don't have any kind of, if you like, excess labor or bills. We don't have pilots sitting around the place doing 
nothing. We're able to manage it. I mean, we ground 20 aircraft; it's still less than what – it's about 10% of the fleet. So 
it's easily managed within the confines. When we say we ground them for the winter, we're really talking November, 
December, January, February. We fly them through most of October, and then we fly them through about the second 
half of March anyway. And so but we're just not going to fly them during those really four bad months of the winter, 
particularly at those high-cost airports, the regulated monopoly airports like Stansted and Dublin. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay. Great, thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Jim. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Travis Anderson from Gilder, Gagnon & Howe. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Travis Anderson>: Hi, Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Travis, hi. 

<Q - Travis Anderson>: I was wondering if despite your hopes of 130 or shall we say lower fuel prices that once 
again fuel compounds you and we end up averaging 150 or so for the next six to nine months, what contingency plans 
do you have for that, if any? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: None, to put [inaudible] fine point on it. I mean, I think if oil goes to $150 a barrel, the only 
kind of compensating thing out of that – I think you will speed up the rate of capacity withdrawals and bankruptcy, 
certainly here in Europe. I think there maybe – I would expect there would be some awkward pressure on underlying 
fares as capacity gets taken out of the system through the winter, more by bankruptcy than anything else in Europe. But 
I think yes, if oil goes to $150 a barrel for the winter, we will lose money in the next 12 months. I don't think you will 
see a compensatory rise in yields in the short-term, probably because there'd be such an economic downturn in the 
short-term. But I think – and also have more people, if you think – the flag carriers who are surcharging would be 
increasing their fuel surcharge even more at that stage and I think driving more traffic in our direction. 

There is no doubt that we are seeing an underlying trend at the moment of stronger advanced sales, less downward 
pressure on yields, compared to what we originally budgeted, but I don't think it's going to compensate if oil goes to 
$150 a barrel. If oil goes to $150 a barrel, we'd lose money in the next 12 months. 

<Q - Travis Anderson>: Thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, folks. I'm going to say thank you very much for everybody who joined in the call today. Again, if you haven't 
seen the webcast, it's on the website at Ryanair.com, as is the results presentation, the investor presentation. The normal 
annual road show has kicked off today. Michael Cawley is in the U.S. Howard is here in London and Europe. I am 
going to New York and Boston for the next couple of days. So I hope that one or other of our investor teams will see 
you each over the coming week. 

As I say, I think these are very interesting times, much more interesting than they have been in recent years and we are 

– as a company are looking forward to a period, or a winter, of very high oil prices where we will continue to take out 
cost, continue to exploit efficiencies and opportunities and maybe move in where some of our competitors go bust or 
withdraw capacity from the marketplace, as they have been doing over the last six to twelve months. 
Thank you very much. I look forward to seeing you all later on in the week. Bye-bye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. That concludes today's conference and you may now 
disconnect your line. Thank you. 


This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


