Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, folks. You're all very welcome this morning to our Half Year Results Analyst Presentation. Normal format, we're 
going to run through quick presentation, most of you know a lot of this, so we shoot through it pretty quickly and then 
we'll open up for Q&A. 

So, Ryanair world's favorite airline, lowest fares, lowest cost -- seat cost in Europe, still growing like gangbusters 
traffic of 19% -- 20% for the half year. We're on track to exceed our target of 50 million passengers for the full year. 

No one offers more routes or more bases than Ryanair and again the message continues to be number one for customer 
service delivery, lowest prices guaranteed, guarantee of no fuel surcharges and the fewest delays, fewest cancellations, 
fewest lost bags, continues with the greenest, cleanest airline in Europe and 23rd year of strong growth of record 
profits. 

Again what makes Ryanair different is that our fares are lower than anybody else, but our margins are higher than 
anybody else, simply because the cost per passenger are a fraction of anybody else's cost. 

In terms of customer services 87% on-time for the last six months, beating the pans off everybody else in the industry 
into the easyJet down at 72%, British Airways down at 64% and Aer Lingus down at 77%. In fact in the last week of 
the October Bank Holiday weekend on times were 94% on a record weekend of traffic. 

As you can see there ten years ago over we were carrying 5 million passengers a year. We are now up to 50 million 
passengers a year, which makes Ryanair the world's largest international scheduled airline, the world's favorite airline. 

Plans, however, again here the message, particularly this meeting is we're still at the start of our phase of growth. Last 
year we operated fleet of 133 aircraft for 42 million passengers, expect to double that to over 83 million passengers 
over the next five years. 

For the next two years that is FY '09 and '10, we now have gone firm on all of the option aircraft, which takes up 229. 
The firm orders for 2011 and 12, which deliver a minimum 9% growth, but we still have options, we are in discussion 
with Boeing over those options again. If we confirm all those options and I think there is a fair degree of likelihood that 
we will, our traffic growth will probably be a little bit faster than that, but something in the high teens in those years. 

And in terms of the question that keeps coming back to us, you know, always particularly in the press you get the lazy 
question, is this the end of low fare air travel? No, we're still at the start of enormous growth right across Europe. If you 
take currently the total scheduled -- the total scheduled traffic in Europe this year or last year, it was about 650 million 
of which Ryanair had just 7% and for us to double in size in the next five years, we expect to grow that from 7 to just 
11% of European scheduled traffic. So, still enormous growth opportunities out there. 

Well, 23 bases this winter, 4 new bases: Belfast City, Bristol, Valencia and Allocate down in Spain. And yet we're still 
pretty much untouched with only 1 base in France, with only 4 bases in Spain, with nothing in Portugal, only one in 
Belgium, just 3 -- or 2 bases in Germany, 3 bases in Italy. So, enormous base growth opportunities still out there. We 
could double that network in -- across Europe in the next five years. Possibly bases in Central European countries, 
more in France, more in Italy, more in Germany, more in Spain and probably one or two more in the UK as well. 


Presently we are in discussion with eight potential base airports to select the next two in the spring for next summer. 

Just to touch on the results, very strong set of results. Traffic growth up 20%, load factor down 1% as previously 
forecasted, the average fare not -- this includes the bag charges and the check-in fees, actually down 1% over the half 
year. 

I think that's probably what's led to the slightly better than expected profits and to us raising the guidance. The fall in 
fares has not has been as steep as we expected. And I think again a lot of that is down to – competitor fuel surcharges 
continue to drive the traffic in our direction. So that as we grow strongly at 20-25%, we normally expect that average 
fares would fall by about 5%. 

In the summer it's been a little bit better than that. And of the raising of the guidance for the full year, profits will be up 
about 17.5%. Now it's down to our expectation that yields for the second half will be somewhere to the lower-end of 
the minus 5 to minus 10% range, whereas previously we were predicting something towards the upper end of that 
range. 

And again, despite higher oil prices, despite the doubling of charges at Stansted, despite the one-off increase in cabin 
crewing ratio. Net margins maintained at 26% despite growing at 20% per annum. Nobody delivers the kind of 
consistency of profits and margins that we do. 

Very strong balance sheet despite a lot of spending over the last 12 months in terms of the share buyback and Aer 
Lingus. The Aer Lingus share and the share buyback, in total, we spent just over 650 million on both of those. We still 
finish up the year, or the half year, with net cash at €175 million. So we are still generating very strong cash flows and 
using those cash flows sensibly. 

Current developments, four new bases this winter. Alicante -- well we've launched last week Belfast City and Bristol. 
At the end of this week on Thursday, Valencia and Alicante as well. We plan to launch the New Skies reservation 
system, this will be a big cut over for us. It'll be launched – and that's expected to be in December, we're planning for 
December this year, but we should have it up and running by January. We plan to – we still haven't got the cut off dates 
yet, but we plan to shutdown our existing website over the first weekend of December to cut over into New Skies. The 
existing website will be closed for about three days in the first weekend of December. We want to get that out of the 
way during December, because that's a quiet time of year for bookings. So that we are kind of -- we have everything in 
place for the January, February, when bookings are -- new bookings are running strongly. 

We expect to have the -- we are trialing the first 25 aircraft. We will have the black boxes fitted in the first quarter of 
2008 and that will allow for a trial period 25 of our aircraft operating, probably from the Stansted, to trial with 
passengers using their own mobile phones to make and receive calls and texts. 

And we think that could be -- will be the next kind of initiative in terms of ancillary sales. But the underlying message 
here is continuing – competition is under pressure. Partly because of Ryanair's strong growth, our price leadership and 
our cost leadership. And the message for the competition and to customers is, nobody else guarantees the lowest fares, 
we do, nobody else guarantees you no fuel surcharges, we do. 

The cost reduction continues, and higher fuel cost in FY 2009. Frankly at the moment we would be -- almost welcome 
the sight of higher oil prices for the next 12 months. I think it will lead to two things. More competitor fuel surcharges 
for the competition to have much smaller margins that us. It may make the general market a little bit more price 
sensitive. So, you'll see more and more people booking with Ryanair as their first option. 

The competition is under pressure, the yields are weaker across Europe. We think that's partly driven by Ryanair's 
growth. We're still driving down fares, as I said, down 1% in the half year. Only we guarantee the lowest fares, and 
only we guarantee no fuel surcharges. And I think particularly if oil prices hit $100 a barrel it's a compelling messages. 

Most of the kind of second tier competition, SkyEurope, Wizz or Vueling, losing money hand over fist. All of them 
coming up with new business models to capture more business traffic, move upwards in the yield cycle, all that kind of 
nonsense. Basically they can't compete with us on price. They are never going to compete with us on price, and it's only 
a matter of time before they all fall over. 


Interest rate rises, well it leads the higher leasing and costs for the competition and also higher deposit interest income 
for Ryanair. The subprime meltdown – well going to make credit a bit more expensive and I think it raises the barriers 
to entry, apart from the absence of aircraft availability. Raises the barrier of entry particularly in the European market. 

Fuel outlook next year, probably fuel we're facing -- fuel at higher than $80, but the competition will lose more money 
as their fuel surcharges rise. 

Price leadership, this is a survey done by the Airport -- the German Airports over the last six months. Ryanair's average 
fare was €24. It was half that of Hapag Lloyd Express, less than half the average fares being charged by easyJet, 
Germanwings, Air Berlin in the German market. Again we are growing very strongly in the German market. 

Cost per passenger, this is a recent exercise undertaken by those visionaries in Goodbody Stockbrokers, which 
surprisingly found that Ryanair has enormous price leadership over the rest of the competition as well. In almost every 
segment, whether it's staff, fuel, airport charges, others, Ryanair leads the field. 

In total our average cost per passenger is €43, easyJet more than 50% higher and rising. Particularly the more they 
expand as you know low cost airports like Charles de Gaulle and Orly, the more they buy low cost airlines like GB 
Airways. The gap between us and easyJet is getting wider. Our average fares are falling, their average fares will be 
rising. And God help the Vuelings and Aer Linguses of this world. The gap not alone rises -- the gap is not alone huge, 
but ever increasing. 

Cost reduction continues in Ryanair. We've launched the free priority boarding web check-in in September. It has 
doubled – the launch of making that free at the same time as charging for airport check-in and bags has had a wonderful 
effect of doubling, in the space of a month, the number of passengers taking the free priority boarding and web 
check-in. And we're determined to continue to push that. So, I've done all the press stuff this morning, it's all, it's 
terrible, well you know check-in used to be free. It will used to be free when you were paying 300 quid to British 
Airways. 

On Ryanair, check-in is not going to be free. We have got to keep increasing the check-in charge. We have got to keep 
increasing the baggage charges, until at least half of our passengers get the message. Travel with 15 kilos of hand 
luggage, check-in on the website, because you actually cost us almost nothing if you do that. 

And that's got to continue to be a very aggressive means of us reducing cost. We're renegotiating handling contracts, 
and we're also now talking to a number of airports about installing the kiosks free of charge and reducing the amount of 
check-in desk we rent at certain airports. 

We've redone the new -- a new four year pilot agreement with the Dublin pilots, which is a major initiative for us. 
Dublin pilots were the kind of, the most aggressive, they were the leaders of the, we're going to unionize this, we're 
going to get the unions in here, we'll have a brave new world run by bloody unions. Well, after three years of pushing 
water up the hill, they've recognized the area that they've lost. But the pilots unions in Dublin have lost at the Supreme 
Court and frankly, the Dublin pilots have now abandoned the pilots' union and signed up for a new four year pay deal. 
Because they were the standout we now have most of the other bases that haven't yet got four year pilot pay deals now 
talking towards directly. And we expect to be rolling, out most of the other bases will have new four year pilot pay 
agreements in place. That is significant because it gives us certainty over the key element of our pay bill and with 
relatively modest increases over a four year period. 

The one-off step up in cabin crew this year is now out of the way. You won't see it repeated next year. And nor will we 
see the kind of price gouging the airport charges. The interesting thing if you look at our results today and half year, 
airport costs, not fuel, have been the biggest cost increases. Airport costs were up, airport and handling is up 50%, fuel 
is only up 16%. Most of that is due to the doubling of airport fees at Stansted, where those incompetent fools in the 
CAA, who are appointed regulators over here and couldn't run a piss up in a brewery and have abrogated any 
responsibility for protecting either the consumer interest or users at the airport, which is why we're calling strongly on 
the Competition Commission to break up the BAA monopoly. They deliver nothing except high prices and shitty 
services and the only way to fix that is to break it up and allow Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted to compete against 


each other and to drive forward, increasing our -- drive forward additional runways at each of those airports. We need 
excess capacity here in the London area. What the BAA have delivered us is, under delivered capacity and extortionate 
price increases. 

Our response to Stansted increase been to reduced to slip by 20%. You're going to see Stansted for the first time in 17 
years see significant traffic declines this winters which is the only appropriate way to deal with over charging 
monopolies like the BAA. But next year, the Stansted costs are fixed and the Dublin costs are also fixed. So, you're not 
going to see any airport charges increases for the next year or two. 

Subject obviously to the outcome of the Competition Commission review of Stansted. At the moment the halfwits in 
the CAA, who have kind of twigged now that Stansted has double charges this year on all the airlines. Well, I've argued 
that Stansted really doesn't have any pricing power. They doubled the prices by accident. And of course, they do have a 
pricing power, they are a monopoly, but the CAA has called for Stansted to be deregulated. We've had a couple of 
meetings recently with the Department of Transport and it's quite clear that even the Department of Transport now 
agree with the airline users, and that is that the CAA are an incompetent bunch of nutbags. And that their 
recommendation that Stansted be deregulate is going to be dismissed for the nonsense that it is. 

And, so the good news next year, I think, is all of the cost with the exception of fuel are going to rise at a slower rate 
then traffic growth. And frankly at this point in time, I know we are going to have a lot of questions on it, I've been 
more -- less concerned about the fuel as well. If fuel keeps rising I think the competition is going to keep slapping on 
surcharges. It will be good for our growth and will be probably good for yields, even if it doesn't cover all of the cost -the 
increase in fuel cost. 

New aircraft deliveries are continuing to lower our depreciation and amortization cost. We are replacing the older, 
expensive aircraft with new cheaper aircraft. That is selling out the older seven year old 800s and replacing with new 
aircraft which have five year maintenance warranties. The wing that's fitted as standard and lower fuel consumption. 
We've extended the new GE engine deal to all of the additional firm orders for the next five years. And we're working 
our way through a very aggressive supplier cost reduction program. 

Fuel update, we are 90% hedged out to March 2008 at $65 a barrel. We have 10% of Q3 of next year hedged at the 
same euro cost as the previous year. So, it's the same, allowing for the weaker dollar, it's effectively the same euro cost 
as the $65 a barrel last year. 

Sensitivity next year is every $1 movement over $65 a barrel last year is going to increase its cost by about €14 million. 
Over the 12 we have, however, hedged the US dollar -- the euro-dollar exposure for the next 12 months. That will 
reduce the impact. We think higher oil prices significant with of course low margin competitors. In fact loss making 
competitors like the Way Links, and the Wizz Airs and the SkyEuropes are doomed if oil hits $100 a barrel. 

Competitors are increasing fuel surcharges. It's remarkable the way Air France, Lufthansa, BA, many of whom will tell 
you well we've hedge out a lot of our exposures for the next 12 months, are still using higher oil price to back-up the 
fuel surcharges. And the fuel surcharges have lost all touch with reality. It's good for us because it's driving the traffic 
in our direction at more benign yields. And I think what we saw two years ago, will be probably repeated though the 
next 12 months. Higher fuel surcharge in the competition will be -- we may have a more benign yield environment than 
we predict. 

And if you remember, our traditional model is 20% traffic growth with a 5% yield decline. What happened two years 
ago when oil prices were rising, we had 20% traffic growth, but yield rose by 3% and it more than covered our fuel bill. 

The key thing for us is no matter where oil goes, as long as we can maintain the kind of pricing differential then we will 
continue to grow strongly and we believed profitably and better yields may helps us to absorb some of these fuel price 
increases over the next 12 months. So, a better outlook for FY '08. 

The yield environment for the second half of the year, we now expecting yields with good visibility in Q3. Very little 
visibility in Q4 yet, it'll be at the lower end of the minus 5 to minus 10% range. If we have a strong eastern march it 
may be better than that again. 


At Stansted we're grounding seven aircraft this winter. Take this about -- 20% reduction in our Stansted charges this 
winter. It will help us stabilize yields. It will significantly reduce costs at Stansted. It reduces our exposure to 
non-profitable seasonal routes out of Stansted. Those aircraft will go back to Stansted next summer, where we continue 
to have this loss, but frankly if anybody else wants winter loss at Stansted at their kind of high prices they're welcome 
to them. 

Unit cost of 5%, it's slightly lower than we expected. We thought costs would rise by about 7% this year. Again, much 
of that is our aggressive cost reduction program. The sector length is still up 7%, which drives fuel, staff and euro 
control. Cabin crew with the one-off ratio is already in place now up from 4 to 5, it won't be repeated next year. And 
airport costs at Stansted, which has been the big cost penalty in the current numbers doubled at Stansted. Significantly 
higher at Dublin despite of that most of our passengers are going through bloody portacabin. In Dublin, we are still 
suffering significantly higher charges. 

In part those cost increases have been offset by a weaker dollar, more lower cost aircraft and the capacity reduction at 
Stansted this year in winter, which should improve profitability. 

So, the good news, we've raised the guidance. Previously, we were forecasting 10% growth to 440 million, it's now up 
17.5% to about 470 million. And remembered, the share buyback which we have almost completed will add about 2% 
EPS this year, about 3.5% over a full year. So, we are heading for about 20% earnings growth in the coming year or for 
FY '08. 

In summary, Ryanair remains Europe's lowest cost carrier by a distance and lowest cost, particularly in a period of 
higher oil prices of economic downturn we win. Industry leading customer service, nobody beats us on customer 
service. We were delighted to notice recently Ryanair finished last in some internet survey over here of favorite 
airlines, some TripAdvisor. I think about a survey of 800 British Airways customers rated Ryanair as the least favorite 
airline for our punctuality, despite the fact that we have the best punctuality in the industry. They rated British Airways 
their favorite airline despite the fact that British airway has the worst punctuality in the industry. 

So, we think it was a survey of 800 British Airways passenger that who had lost their bags at Heathrow. That's 
probably about the only number of passengers British Airways carry, who haven't lost their bags at Heathrow, but good 
for them. We strongly support those kind of surveys and the more BA wastes its money supporting TripAdvisor, 
whereas we treat them with the contempt they deserve, the better it will be. At Ryanair, we want to the passengers, 
British Airways can have the internet surveys. 

New airports and bases are ready. We continue to roll out the growth. We have 99 new aircraft firm orders, with 
facilitated growth up to over 180 million passengers a year. We plan, and again, despite the short-term concerns of fuel, 
despite the short-terms concerns over economic downturn in the UK or wherever else, we will double traffic and profits 
over the next five years. And you've got to keep looking to the medium term here because that's where the upside is 
going to be. We're still operating with the lowest cost and our costs are significantly lower than anybody else in the 
industry. Lower fares will deliver record profits. 

Profit upgrade and a share buyback will increase earnings per share. Howard is being a bit conservative here at 19.5%, 
I confidently predict it will be about 20% for '08. To celebrate we've launched 4 million seats from €10, one way 
booking for the next five days. And just to keep you all entertained; Ryanair next week will launch a charity calendar 
featuring our beautiful in-flight girls for 2008. We've got -- if you -- anybody wants to see the Ryanair in-flight 
calendar crew, they are all there in their resplendence glory for 12 months and then we have a little cheeky one of an 
Aer Lingus cabin crew there for 2009. 

That's the end of presentation. I just thought I'd leave you with a distracting picture to focused on our earnings. And 
will now open up to – anybody got any questions that you like to pose? 

Q&A 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Chris Avery. 


<Q - Chris Avery>: Two easy questions. First of all, Howard, can you update us on the disposals program and timing 
of aircraft disposals, and any guidance you can give us on what fiscal effects that's going to have? And secondly, at 
Stansted are you anywhere near being able to talk to them about landing charges next winter coming back or is it just 
no communication at this stage? 

<A - Howard Millar>: On the aircraft sales, we've 20 aircraft sold. Five have almost been delivered to the new 
owners. And the remaining 15 will be spread over 2008, 2009 and probably into the early part of 2010. We have a 
disposal program going out at the moment and we're looking at another batch of five aircraft which we hoped to 
finalize something in the next couple of weeks. In terms of the sales, despite what people think, we repeat it -- I will 
repeat it once again, there will be some gain on the first five aircraft that will be recorded in the third quarter, given we 
did deliveries in the third quarter. In terms of the remaining 15 aircraft, that gain, or as it turns out to be a small loss 
now, because of the movement between dollar and the euro, will be adjusted in depreciation. So, we'll have a slightly 
higher depreciation charge on those aircraft between now and the point they are sold. 

The accounting rules are complex, but I'll give you the quick summary of them. If you sell something now for delivery 
in a very short period of time, you take whatever you sold the aircraft for, you match that against whatever your net 
book value. The difference is either a gain or loss. If it's for a long-term future sale, what you have to do is adjust your 
depreciation. So that at the point of disposal, you have no gain or no loss, so we're adjusting our depreciation. This is 
very similar to what we did, if those you remember, we sold the 737-200s, where we didn't record a gain or loss. What 
we did in the period between the sale, the time we actually signed the contract and the point of disposal, we adjusted 
our depreciation. There will be a small adjustment over this period given that the euros moved from – some of these 
aircraft were bought at a less than €1 to $1, we're at 145. So clearly it's moved quite significantly. We obviously have 
taken some depreciation charge over that period, but it's moved significantly adverse. In fact it was 128 when we 
started this program, when we did a first review of this, and we are now at 144 and probably rising. 

So what the big thing about it is, selling 20 aircraft for close to what we paid for them, and in some case slightly more 
is very, very strongly cash generative and we'll see that flow through the business as we sell off the aircraft. In terms of 
Stansted? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes, I think what's more important, is we are selling these seven year old aircraft for pretty 
much at or slightly more in some cases than what we're paying for the new aircraft. And the new aircraft are coming in 
at a much weaker dollar with a wing that's fitted with five year maintenance warrantees. So we are kind of really 
embedding very low cost going forward for the next number of years. The sales program remains very cash generative, 
so even if on a translational – on a dollar basis we're recording slight accounting losses, the cash flows under 
replacement with much cheaper operating aircraft still makes sense. 

In terms of Stansted, there is no talks going with Stansted. I mean you can't talk to Stansted or the BAA at the moment. 
They are obsessed with trying to keep the CAA onside. As far as they are concerned the regulator is now recommended 
that Stansted be designated, and why if you have a monopoly and completely and a – a regulator that's completely in 
your pocket would you bother talking to your customers. Even when -- before we reduced the capacity this winter, we 
offered them look, if you give us a reduction in charges for the winter even on these loss making routes, we keep flying 
the aircraft, they said, "No, go away." 

And until there is some change, without change coming from the Competition Commission over here, there isn't going 
to be any change. Until we get some change, nothing is going to happen. Stansted has gone through the summer 
mismanaging security, BAA have completely mismanaged security for about 18 months now. When none of the other 
UK airports, all adopted to last year's security measures pretty quickly. The BAA is badly managed, it is incompetent, it 
is only interested in gouging airlines and passengers to pay for all the others' debts. And it's not something that serves 
the consumers of Briton's tourism industry well. So the sooner it's broken up the better. 

Yes sir. Round the back. 

<A>: Chris, well just announce your name for obviously we're on the web and they'll sort of want to know who it is. 
Good marketing. 


<Q - Chris Reid>: It's Chris Reid from Deutsche. Could you just say a few words on, Shawn was talking at the 
investor day about the booking forward process. How are you using that to put pressure on people? How that's going? 
And whether was -- that's part of your yield, you know, guidance in the second half? And then on the other hand is, I 
think also the chat at investor day was percentage of new passengers was something like 110% of total passengers 
recorded. Maybe what that is for Q2? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes, just to take that. We are running with stronger advanced sales, but part of that is we are 
-- because we are very aggressively -- I mean we are taking our position, we are very aggressively reducing prices. I 
think the most interesting statistics we have this morning is, if we take up our check-in charges and our baggage 
charges, which we include in average fares, the yield is still down 1% for the first half of the year. 

You know I deal with lot of this stuff this morning with the press. Oh you're just charging for check-in now and you are 
charging people for bags yes, but it's discretionary. The ones who are not checking-in -- who check-in on the web and 
not carrying bags really getting very low prices now. 

But what that's done is we have a better advanced sales. Therefore we are entering November and December with 
stronger advanced sales than we did last year, but with significantly lower fares. We still don't have much visibility into 
Q4, because frankly nobody is making any bookings into January, February now, everybody is booking up to 
December. And so the third quarter, we have decent visibility and so we are pretty confident on our yield outlook for 
there. We don't have much visibility for Q4. Nobody knows what that will be. But I think that's partly again why we are 
kind of raising the yield's guidance. The yield guidance will not be as bad as we originally predicted it would be. It's 
closer to the minus five for the second half than our original forecast, which is minus 10. 

Just to be correct what we tried to communicate at the Investor Conference was that it's not so much new passengers, 
but it's traffic on new routes and new bases accounts for about a 110% of our traffic growth. It will be slightly higher in 
the second half of the year simply because we are cutting or we we're grounding seven aircraft at Stansted. Most of that 
capacity obviously is on existing routes. We're closing a lot of those routes, the French regional routes and some of the 
-- and cutting back capacity on some of the Spanish sun routes for the winter. And so the traffic growth in the second 
half of the year will be slightly higher than 100% on new routes and routes from existing bases. Remember this winter 
we launch four new bases: Alicante, Valencia, Belfast City and Bristol. And the average booked -- the average 
advanced bookings on those is a little bit higher than it was this time last year when we were launching Bremen, the 
Rhine and those, I think we've got better spread of new bases this winter. 

<Q - Penelope Butcher>: Thanks. Penny Butcher from Morgan Stanley. Just a question on the ancillary revenues how 
-- could you speak a little bit about the categories that have been responsible for the strong growth in the second 
quarter? Maybe just dividing between sort of the traditional products and maybe some of the newer ones that have 
come in in last 12, 18 months? 

<A - Howard Millar>: I think we've had very strong growth across all areas. We have been also -- we have also have 
-- got a new hotel provider, Expedia, and that's gone particularly well. Onboard sales, average fare per passenger has 
also improve across the summer period. So, it's very, very strong growth across all categories. 

One of the other side -- items that you know, there is two elements to it obviously, in the marketing cost and also in the 
ancillaries, is excess baggage revenues. They have grown quite strongly as well. So generally, very pleased with the 
overall performance. We expect of course, and I was going to trying to flag it at the end of the upgrade guidance there. 
Q3, obviously we had a settlement from Needahotel last year so ancillaries won't be growing at the same pace in Q3 as 
they were in the pervious year. But that will correct itself -- more back to more normalized growth in Q4. So, overall is 
going very, very well. And hopefully we are going to have the launch of the onboard mobile phones, which will 
obviously help the numbers but it will take -- probably take some time for that to bed in given we're only going to do 
25 aircraft. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Remember this is all part of a five year plan to see ancillary revenues grow from 15% to 20% 
over that five year period. Even as scheduled revenues double or traffic and schedule revenues double. So you know 
what, the ancillary revenue growth has been very strong. It's the more than we have, kind of, predicted that we would 


deliver. It's part of this campaign over a five year period to see ancillaries rise to about 20%. John? 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: John Mattimoe from Merrion Stockbrokers. Couple of questions on the ancillaries as well. 
Could you -- are you in any position at this time to give us any sense of how your fee income on the onboard telephony 
will be recognized? What type of share you might get from the provider on the roaming and so on? But also on 
ancillaries, could you update us on where you are in terms of the percentage of passengers doing the web check-in and 
then the percentage who are check-in physically at airports and what proportion of those are doing priority, priority 
boarding and can you just confirm that all those fees are now recognized in the schedule revenues as opposed to the 
ancillary revenues? And thirdly, just for help or if you could, let us know what you think the average sector length will 
be doing next year? Will it be slowing down in terms of growth? 

<A>: That's an easyJetter in the building. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: I thought I asked a question I shouldn't have. And just lastly then, on the fuel side, Michael, 
you gave us a good sense of your thoughts on some of the issues that would be applying next year and I was just 
wondering whether any of your thoughts there as in regards to the benign yield environment would depend on attrition 
in the market or some of the competitors going out of business and shutting down or is it a just of sense of them 
slowing down their capacity growth? Thanks. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Thanks, John. This is Howard. The fee income for the onboard for telephony. We really have 
been very careful not to promise anything in this yet because I think it's, how long is a piece of string. Nothing is 
included in our ancillary revenues going forward for the onboard telephony. We haven't a clue what the revenues will 
be from it. All I can tell you is that the phone provider though has been running around town, talking about and 
speculating the average income per month I think would be.... 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Per annum. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Per annum would be 111,000... 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Gross. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Gross revenue of 111,000 per aircraft, per annum. We don't know where they got the figure 
from and we haven't a clue. But our deal with them is that, all the income we get, and we're on straight forward 
commission, it goes straight to bottom line. Our cost are miniscule in relative terms, but until we see what the trial is 
like I don't think -- there is no point in speculating and we don't want to get into it. 

Percentage of passengers using web check-in, it's doubled in the space of a month. It started off of a really low basic – 
it was a single figure percentage prior to this and it still is a single figure percentage. But the target, and I've glanced 
over – the target over the next couple of years is to get that up to something like 30, 40%, which I think is where we 
will finish up. And where are we taking that, the airport to check-in is going through in yields, the baggage and airport 
check-in charge is going through in yields, priority boarding though is still -- priority boarding is in ancillaries. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: The previous web check-in used to be in ancillaries, is that right? Or is that in schedule before? 

<A - Howard Millar>: The pervious web check-in was in schedule revenue so it's a like-for-like switch. You won't 
actually notice it, but it's in the 1% yield decline here, over the half year. And again, we focus not so much on how 
much revenue we're going to get from airport check-in is much more the case of how many people can we convert to 
web check-in. And I think increasingly we've -- we were at the final stages of doing a deal with kiosk provider because 
we're pretty much determined that sometime in the next couple of years we probably won't have any airport check-in at 
all. You'll be either told check-in on the web or go and do it at a kiosk, with just a bag drop at all the airports. 

We are absolutely determined the way forward here. Particularly when you're dealing with monopoly airports like the 
BAA, is to use as few of their facilities as is humanly possible. We don't want to rent your check-in desks. Frankly we'd 
rather not use your airport terminal building at all, but the only way to actually challenge the regulators like the CAA 
and the Competition Commission and say, look we're being forced to rent facilities here that we don't need. And it's a 
very interesting debate, even with those airports. Whereas in the past they've being charging for terminal buildings on 


the base of square footage and you'd rent out the check-in desk. Now we're arriving along with kiosks and say you can 
have back your check-in desk, which was already paid for. And the regulator says we don't have to pay to put in the 
kiosk because the check-in desk was already paid for us. So we've got to find a way in the air industry of breaking 
down these airport monopolies, the few that we deal with, which is principally Dublin and Stansted. I missed the third 
question when the bell went off. 

<A>: Sector length was it... 

<A>: No, what was it? You want to you take that... 

<A - Howard Millar>: I think, obviously, you know my views on sector lengths. It is very difficult to reduce your unit 
cost when your average sector length is rising by 7%. If you look at the bases that we've done this year, Belfast will be 
positive given that the sectors are all relatively short out of there. Although Alicante, Valencia and Bristol will probably 
add to the sector length. So I don't think we want see the kind of same length of, we haven't finalized the full program 
for next year. If you look at what we have this year, and what we're projecting for next year, I think it will more modest 
growth in sector length, something like 3, maybe 4% growth in average sector length for next year. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: And on the last question, which is the fuel and that benign yield environment. It's impossible 
for us to -- we have no idea where fuel is going to finish next year. At the moment with no great insider clarity, we're 
expecting something in the low to mid $80 a barrel. We've no idea what's going to happen to yields. Other than, as 
happened last year, the competition who are presently on 1 and 2% margins are going to be whacking up the fuel 
surcharges, cutting back capacities and trying to increase fares, otherwise they lose money. 

We think the benign yield environment to the extent there is a benign yield environment last year, will be a function, 
not so much of the flaky ones, the Wizz's and the SkyEurope's going bust or being taken over. But simply a function of 
the fact that there isn't a lot of capacity growth in Europe. Nobody has any – a lot of short haul orders, with the 
exception of Ryanair and to lesser extent easyJet. There's not going to be a capacity increase. 

There will be an upward pressure on short haul fares, principally driven by the flags, BAA, Lufthansa, Air France. 
They all raised their fuel surcharges again two weeks ago within about 3 hours of each other. A more blatant case of 
price fixing or collusion or passive collusion, you couldn't possibly find. We've drawn the attention of the European 
Commission to this latest example of egregious price fixing, but of course they have ignored it yet again. Because, of 
course, it's their favorite flag carrier children. The European Commission has missed almost every blatant example of 
price fixing going on there. It took the US DOT to catch out Virgin and British Airways while the numnuts in Brussels 
were chasing down the cost base at Lubek and the cost base at Alghero. But you would expect nothing more from the 
halfwits at Brussels that tend to ignore price fixing by the flag carriers, while they chase down the good guys in 
Alghero and Lubek. 

And I would suggest, I mean and our general guidance is, look, wherever oil prices finish up next year there is going to 
be significant increase in costs for all of Europe's airlines. There is going to be significant of upward pressure on yields 
and we will do significantly better as a result of that because we have the biggest price differential between us and the 
rest of the industry and I think increasingly people going to be looking for the cheap fares with the guarantee of no fuel 
surcharges. 

<A>: Thanks John. Just behind you there. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Joe Gill of Goodbody. Just three questions please. First, in relations to your comment on yields in the 
quarter, talking about it being down 1%. If you back out check-in and baggage fees, what do you think your headline 
fares are actually fallen in the quarter year-on-year? 

Second, in relation to the market. In June you were concerned about the impact of APD and higher Stansted charges on 
actual marginal demand in the market place in general and how that might effect overall traffic and so on. How has that 
actually washed out and what does it say about the strength of the model air price points? 

And lastly in terms of peripheral European markets, how are they all evolving? How is Poland and Morocco doing? 
And are there any other big volume markets in peripheral Europe that you are looking at, for example Turkey, is there 


potential in that market place? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Joe. The answer to that is we wouldn't be willing to back out the check-in charges 
and the baggage charges, because we are not telling you how much we're making out of the check-in bags and the bag 
charges. We don't want to make it easy for the competition other than they're all in the yield and yet, even including 
those the yields have fallen by 1%. 

The impact of the airport fees we think it has been -- it has had a downward effect on, you know, the combination 
particularly in the first quarter of this fiscal year of doubling of APD here in the UK and significantly higher airport 
charges at Stansted, did have a downward impact on traffic growth. I think that the market tends to adjust itself over a 
couple of months, but mainly because we finish-up absorbing a lot of those price increases. I think there is a limit to the 
amount that which passengers are willing to pay ridiculous taxes and monopoly fees over here, which is why again, 
we're sitting 20% of the capacity on the ground at Stansted this winter and to taking some of that capacity into other 
lower cost markets like Belfast City, Bristol, the UK provinces and Spain. I think that will continue to be the case. 

Peripheral European markets, again they are peripheral. Morocco is doing well for us, the Central European countries 
are doing well for us but those are nice as new destinations. Turkey, I think would be a bit slow than -- there is no sign 
of them joining the European Open Skies agreement. But if they did, I mean we are talking to Turkish airport, but 
really from point of view of routes from Germany. 

A lot of these countries, whether it's Morocco or it's Germany or Tunisia, at the moment we're talk to some Tunisian 
airports, they are long sector length. And long sector lengths are really not of much interest to us. They are nice, new 
markets but most of the growth is still coming from the traditional Western European countries. And you focus all the 
time in Ryanair – we try to focus every – the growth is going to come from where the bases are. And if you look at the 
spread of bases this winter, two in Spain, one in Northern Ireland and one Belfast, but the one I would highlight to you 
and that is Northern Ireland, Belfast City airport. Up until about six months ago those guys wouldn't even talk to us. I 
want to grow our Belfast City. We have the easyJet, we have BA, we have British Mid and we have Air Berlin, we 
don't need low cost peasants like Ryanair. Air Berlin fall over and in the space of two days I think Belfast City were 
camped outside our door. All of a sudden an airport that wouldn't talk to us, to put it in kind of Irish parlance, is down 
in Dublin dropping its drawers left, right and centre; you can have what you want, please come up and rescue us. And 
we're always happy to respond to airports in their hour of crisis, or their hour of need. I think increasingly, you are 
going to see further opportunities open up for us. 

Malpensa is one that's ongoing at the moment. Alitalia have announced they're going to reduce their capacity at 
Malpensa by 50%; almost wiping out Malpensa's business. All of a sudden Malpensa, who wouldn't talk to us a year 
ago, we are in intense negotiations with them. I mean it's a bit -- it's kind of stop go, stop go with them. Depending -but 
I think a lot of that depends on the feedback they are getting back Alitalia. Although I think over the medium-term, 
Alitalia will significantly reduce at Malpensa. We've put an offer to Malpensa to base up to 15 aircrafts there, about a 
billion dollars of investment by Ryanair, open up 60 routes and deliver between 6 and 8 million passengers a year. 
They are balking a bit at what we need in terms -- principally, the difficulty is facilities at the moment. They can't build 
the kind of facilities we need quick enough to get us in there. But if we can read agreement with them on facilities and 
costs, I think you'll see a very large Ryanair base at Malpensa as well as a large continuing base in -- at Milan 
Bergamo. 

So, I think the more the flags and the second tier fleets cut back, the more you're going to see growth opportunities 
there. But I would point you in the next five years all the growth or a significant proportion of the growth is going to be 
in Western Europe, not in the peripheral countries. The peripheral countries would prove to be nice destinations, but 
that's probably about all. 

Yes, down the back. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Neil Glynn from NCB. Can you talk a little bit about your approach to your hedging strategy? 
Obviously with oil in the region of $95 a barrel at the moment; is it -- I presume it is conceivable that you could go into 
the next full year unhedged? And is there a target price that you could talk about that you are waiting for oil to drop to 


that you would see as attractive. 

And secondly, on ground handling, you're negotiating these deals with various airports at the moment in relation to 
ground handling and obviously the kiosks. Can you talk about when we could expect savings from that to flow 
through? 

Finally, you've revised your passenger growth expectations to 19%. Assuming the load factor remains, your guidance 
remains at minus 1%, that's obviously a function of capacity. Can you talk about how developments have changed, 
albeit obviously marginally there? 

<A>: I say, I missed the last bit? 

<A>: What's the first part of your question? 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: In terms of passenger numbers, have obviously been revised the expectation for the year, the 
growth has been revised upwards from 18% to 19%? 

<A>: Oh sorry... 

<A>: ...that on yield. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: What -- no, what has actually developed there, in terms of, I am assuming that your load factor plan 
is still a fall of 1%. So that's obviously capacity... 

<A - Howard Millar>: I wouldn't read too much into that Neil, I mean, I think, we said 50 million, it's 50.4 or 8 or 
something like this. So, I wouldn't read huge amount into that. I mean, we are just probably – now that we're obviously 
into the end of October, November, we have a better, clear – we've got a -- we got all of our sectors lined out. We've 
done those seven aircraft, we've taken them out. We know pretty much what -- we've launched our entire spring 
schedule. So it's probably just a refining of the original number. 

In terms of fuel hedging, well, we were told we were going grayish when we started to hedge 10%. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Our target price is about 65. 

<A - Howard Millar>: It was 65. So the idea when we started to do a hedging is that – well if we got the benefit of the 
euro and we were more or less flat on a euro cost on year-on-year basis, well that was just a really good point to start. 
And as soon as we started we got about 10%. We started on a Friday morning, we got about by 10% on Monday and by 
– on this third quarter -- and by Monday and it was way out of sight, it had moved by nearly 5 or 6% over the weekend 
as the Iraq thing started to bubble up again. 

I mean generally, our view would have been at that time, well look, if we can get something that's on par more or less 
on a year-on-year basis. Well that's a pretty good idea or pretty good starting point. But I think we've pretty much 
blown that one out of the water now. So I suppose, generally our fear is always for the winter period. Given that if you 
have a very bad winter in the US, and we seem to have a relatively mild at the moment, winter in the US, but if it was a 
bad winter in the US home heating oil and jet kerosene are more or less the same product and that can shoot prices 
through the roof. So, our focus would be clearly to look at our riskiest period which would be between October and the 
end of March of 2008, into the spring of 2009. 

The summer when we have gone on hedge, I suppose over the summer period, given that you have much more 
flexibility in terms of managing your yields and you might be able to offset a lot of your yield, might be offset a lot of 
your cost increase by movement on yield. 

The one thing, I would point out to people is we talk a lot about yields and fares, if you look at our slide there, the 
average revenue per passenger and I would have said this at some of the previous briefings, has continued to rise. Our 
average revenue per passenger moved to to point at 4% or another €2, to €59 per passenger. So you've got to look at 
both sides of the equation. And I think we will be looking to that to offset some of the higher fuel prices we would 
expect over next year. 


In terms of going forward, Michael talked about the kiosk. I mean, what you have see in the last number of years, and 
you would have seen even four or five years ago, kiosk technology was not really that sophisticated and was very 
expensive. In the last number of years there has been a plethora of kiosks. There are many more players in the market; 
and prices as a result for individual kiosk units have substantially fallen and they are in our interest. 

Anybody who signed up like BA and Lufthansa and the others, the early development of the kiosk, it was absolutely -astronomical 
money for the kiosks and they weren't very good, they didn't have a lot of features. Now they are just 
throwing them out and we are looking at a very, very attractive pricing. Also the technology running behind that -- as 
we move onto our New Skies system, would mean we would be able to do a lot of very, very smart stuff as well. So 
they're in our interest. 

And kiosks, I guess Michael said that is part of now driving forward our check-in, need less check-in people, use less 
check-in desk and put pressure on rentals and once you start pushing kiosks as well, you'll be able to look at just kiosk 
only check-in, maybe web check-in only for certain flights. So we think there is a whole, kind of, less bags, less lost 
bags, less people required on the ground, and we are already starting to negotiate with airports in terms of reducing our 
handling costs particularly dealing with a lot of baggage. So I think all of that is going to continue to ripple down. 

There is no -- we would have said in the investor day there is no silver bullet now in terms of costs, it's much more 
difficult, but it's a cumulative impact and you can see the cumulative impact right across all the lines of this kind of 
supplier reduction. You know, might be targeting fuel suppliers at meetings with Air BP, Shell, all of these other guys 
Michael calling a meeting with the airports and we have all gone through a very, very aggressive supplier reduction 
costs, eking out, I suppose, further cost reductions. 

Going forward, we have the kind of major lines for next year. We know staff costs, despite, and we highlighted it in the 
notice, despite a very significant growth of staff cost, we've managed the kind of more or less contain it very closer to 
growth in passenger volumes, when you take out that share option charge. The depreciation and amortization will be 
growing slower than the growth in passenger volumes. The airport charges which would, depending on obviously base 
selection and things like Malpensa and a few other things rolling around there, but generally airport charges will be 
pretty much in line, if not falling below the growth in passenger volumes. 

So looking forward into next year we've taken a lot of pain on airports and in terms of staff cost, but we can certainly 
see some light at the end of that tunnel. The only uncertainty of course is fuel, so just when you think you're going 
great, fuel comes along and bites you in the rear. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think what you're going to see with the kiosk is it makes things a lot slicker at airports. One 
of the problems we do have is logistically at airports you're sending people away with excess baggage fees, go over to 
the ticket desk and pay that big, bloody queue there. Where you haven't paid for two bags, you paid for one bag, you 
show up with two, go over there and queue there. 

Well now, say at Stansted, there are 60 kiosks. You'll do all that transactioning on the kiosk. You will do your check-in 
on the kiosk. You will come in, you will swipe your credit card, there is your boarding card, there is your priority 
boarding card. And if you have two bags, three bags you will pay there, so we will be an awful lot slicker. And I think 
we will continue to drive up the fees for airport check-in and for baggage, because we can process those fees an awful 
lot quicker with the kiosk, while at the same time reducing the amount of check-in. I mean, we rent now something 
upwards of 60 check-in desks at Stansted. The idea will be in a couple of year's time to have about 10 baggage drops 
and no check-in desk at all. And we'd be delighted to hand the bloody things back to them. 

And the airports have actually now found themselves in a bit of a quandary. Because they've been teeing it up for the 
last number of years and well -- we had -- it cost us 2.5 million to build each of these check-in desks, because of course 
each check-in desk needs a five story bloody building. Now we will go back to the regulator, well hang on, that's what 
they've done, we don't want to use those facilities anymore. Here is the kiosk, we don't have to pay -- we are not paying 
because the check-in desks were already paid for. So you are beginning to hoist some of these monopoly airports on 
their own petard. Unless you have an idiot regulator like the CAA who certainly rolled over, had its belly tickled by 
Stansted and decide that Stansted really has no market power at all, so you should let them loose on us. 


So, I think it's going to be one – if you look at our costs, what's unusual about Ryanair, most other airlines staff is the 
biggest cost and fuel is the second. In Ryanair fuel is the first, airports and handling is the second, and staff is the third. 
And of that airport and handling, most of it is Stansted and Dublin. We've got the only two monopoly airports we fly to 
and we have got to break those monopolies. 

Somebody on this side, was it? 

<Q - Geoff Van Klavern>: It's Geoff Van Klavern from Exane BNP Paribas. Just a first question on EU working 
directive. [inaudible] And just secondly on the kiosk, similarly to you, easyJet had a better than broad intent to 
introduce kiosks and just centralize that cost? And I am just coming back on that. You are kindly doing that web 
check-in stroke and drive that you can deal with the kiosk? 

<A>: [inaudible] genius piece of legislation from the mindless morons in Brussels decided that the cabin crew, it's all 
driven by – everything out of Brussels is driven by the unions in Brussels. It decided that the pilots who are on a legal 
limit of 900 flying hours a year because they really are flying the planes. Now, they decided that the cabin crew should 
be on the same 900 hours a year, because well making coffee is such a critical, safety feature. So, what they've done is, 
we were averaging with the cabin crew about 1000 hours a year, but actually about 1100. And they just introduce this 
blanket ban. No, the cabin crew should now be on the same 900 hours a year, which by the way for those of you, leaves 
about 18 hours a week. So, in other words the coffee maker now needs to be working about -- flying 18 hours a week, 
because they could overdo the coffee or the amount of instant into your water and poison you or something if they were 
fatigue by working more than -- flying more than 900 hours a year. 

Nonsense regulation coming out of idiots, who champion nonsense regulation in Brussels, but that's the effect of it. I 
mean it's simply, Brussels as usual, falling over in the front of a bit of union lobbying over there and saying all the 
cabin crew must be on the same safety hours as the pilots. We would fundamentally agree with pilots being on a limit 
of safety hours, but frankly people doing safety demonstration and making coffee, no we don't. 

The kiosk is interesting. We were, I think, anti-kiosk at the start, because ultimately we say there is nothing there that 
you can't do on the website and the problem with that is bags. Ultimately, there is always been a problem, you can't -Lufthansa 
tried this before, to get everybody to check-in on the website and the problem is you've still got to get the 
bags. And it was a disaster. What we now do, what we see now is not kiosk displacing web check-in, we're still going 
to drive forward web check-in, it's still going to be cheaper to use web-check-in, we're still going to charge you for 
kiosk check-in at the airport or baggage drops. But what the kiosk does do is it replaces the airport check-in. And what 
we're trying to do in the next couple of years, and we've been very aggressive about it is replacing almost all airport 
check-in with kiosk check-in in effect. It still will be free to web check-in, we're still going to make it even cheaper for 
you to web check-in and you will still be paying for the kiosk check-in, but we will be able to get away or to reduce the 
number of check-in staff, to reduce the number of baggage handlers and reduce the number of check-in desks we rent at 
big expensive monopoly airports like Dublin and Stansted. 

And at a time when Dublin airport is talking about building a five storey high -- five storey second terminal building 
with an entirely second building for deep queuing spaces for check-in, because they've talk to Aer Lingus and they've 
decided that's they way of the future, big long queues in check-in. We don't want to be paying for that kind of crap, 
which is why we want kiosks and no check-in queues at all. And fundamentally that's where passenger want to go. I 
think it speeds up our processing time at airports, but it will simply, it doesn't replace check-in, it replaces airport 
check-in or check-in desks. 

<Q>: Wynn Ellis from Newman Securities. Did you look at getting involved in the GB Airways deal and did you see 
any acquisition opportunities for yourselves or more organic growth? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: No, I mean, we continue – we are growing so strongly, Win. We don't see any acquisition 
opportunities out there. I don't think GB would have been one of us. It's a relatively high cost airline -- high cost and 
high fares. I think it's a logical acquisition for easyJet and probably a good acquisition for easyJet. It gives them more 
slots at Gatwick. It gives them access into Gibraltar. Its two million passengers a year with an average cost, I think of 
about 90 quid and an average fare of about 91 or something like that. So, I think it's a logical fit for easyJet, but not for 


us. Do I see any logical acquisition for Ryanair out there? No. 

We do think that some of the flakes, second tier flakes, the Wizz Airs the SkyEuropes and Vueling will fall over. 
Although Vueling, you know, and now that it has got Barbara Cassani in there to revolutionize the passenger 
experience will probably fall over even faster. 

I don't see it. You know, as you can see we have very cheap aircraft coming, we are going to continue to go like 
gangbusters. The only acquisition that really interested us in the last 12 month was Aer Lingus, but simply because it 
was a high cost, bloated, high-fare airline in Dublin, we thought if we got our hands on it we could really radically alter 
the cost base and make it really low fares airline. But the Irish Government and its inaccessible wisdom would prefer 
that people were paying fuel surcharges and higher fares, rather than lower fares and no fuel surcharges, and who are 
we to argue with the clowns in the Irish Government. 

Okay. 

<Q - Chris Reid>: Hi, thanks, it's Chris Reid from Deutsche again. And just coming back on two things, my 
understanding was that quite a lot of the planes that were going to be delivered in '07 have been deferred to 2008 by 
various people in Europe. So, we've still got a bit of an overhang. Is that sort of a fair way of looking at it or do you 
think all of the – we're through the worst of the new planes cycle? 

And then the other one is just on depreciation. So how much approximately, because it's a bit of a nightmare 
calculating your depreciation is – at the best of times, how much of that is – in the second half is going to be one-off 
due to the new plane sales? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I am not sure of first part of that, Chris. I don't know anybody that is deferring aircraft orders 
from '07 into '08. The manufacture's order book is full to the gills. I don't know anybody deferring aircraft orders, 
unless it's long haul, is it? 

<Q - Chris Reid>: Was it Vueling or SkyEurope was it? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: SkyEurope, I mean, is failing and SkyEurope I think has stopped growing. Okay, but, I mean, 
you're talking about tiny numbers -


<Q - Chris Reid>: Two or three planes. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I don't think -- it will have no macro affect across Europe. I mean fundamentally for the last 
year or two and for the next year or two there is very few capacity positions in Europe. And to the extent that Vueling 
doesn't take any aircraft deliveries, frankly no one is going to noticed. The good news is that those aircraft -- that any 
aircraft that are undelivered would disappear into China, Latin America and the Indian subcontinent rather than Europe. 
But I don't think anybody will notice. They really -- the only firm orders in the short term market Europe in the next 
two years are Ryanair and easyJet. And Ryanair for our organic growth and easyJet will probably take out some of the 
GB Airways aircraft. Depreciation I will handover here to my colleague because I can't work it out either. 

<A - Howard Miller>: Trying to be simple, we've had the same policy for 10 years but anyway, there will be no 
impact on depreciation. We've already factored into our guidance, our 470 million guidance. It's a modest number 
spread over two years. So it won't move the dime here. Was that easy enough? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Any other questions or is everybody as confused as me? 

<Q>: Some on the air craft thing. What sort of -- you mentioned earlier this morning in an interview that you are back 
talking to Boeing about aircrafts. Is that to do with the options or are you actually chatting about post 2012. 

Secondly, I know you are sort of saying the transatlantic is just at project status at the moment, but could you -- just 
give us some thinking as to what you are discussing, debating on the issues that are around that, because obviously 
that's a big play at some points in the next decade. Thanks. 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: I'll do the first one, because it's the probably the more relevant one. We are back talking to 
Boeing about – the front – we are actually talking about the options. Boeing are very keen at the moment now to firm 
up an order book into -- beyond 2012. So we are talking to them about our options in '10, '11 and they are kind of 
anxious that we would look at taking more aircraft beyond 2012. But we're at the early stages of those discussions. We 
don't yet have to confirm the 2010 options until 2008. So, we are back talking to them. 

I think the good news from our perspective is Boeing have certainly kicked out any redesigning of the 737 beyond – 
basically to the 2012, 2015 – it looks like it has gone back, which we would fully support because I – frankly the plane 
is fine. We would like to see GE improve the engines and the fuel consumption on the engines, but stop fiddling with 
the bloody plane, the plane is grand. But I wouldn't expect any further than that than maybe the first half of next year, 
when we have to confirm the 2010 options. -- Sorry. 

<A - Howard Millar>: If you recall when we did the 2005 deal we got 70 options. We don't have it up on our charts 
here, but that note, we haven't started in two years, we have no firm dates. So, basically, they're trying to -- I mean 
Boeing very – essentially are trying to fill out their order book, decide their production level, not make the mistakes 
they made a number of years ago, and they are talking to us about them, but... 

<Q>: [inaudible]? 

<A>: Sorry, I didn't catch you... 

<Q>: Is the dollar what's driving the... 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: No, I mean fundamentally, it's certainly not a hindrance, but I mean the discussions are 
focused very much around pricing. What Boeing wants to do now is to lay down long-term orders. I think with a couple 
of financially strong airlines who will be around in 2012, 13, and we are clearly, I say, pretty close to the top of their 
list and I think, the discussions thus far are reflecting that. Now, you know, it's the first round of discussion, so, we're 
making unreasonable demands and Boeing are making -- giving us some reasonable rejections. But the process has 
started, which I think is better than not talking at all. 

On the other stuff, I pooh pooh the transatlantic because it deserves to be pooh poohed. Look, the transatlantic is out 
there as an idea. I think it's a concept that has some merits. But it -- nothing is going to happen until we get the next 
downturn in the cycle. There is no point in talking to Boeing or Airbus at the moment about long-haul aircraft it's all 
price plus. 

And it won't be Ryanair, and I keep saying that because it's important. We still come at the same question on the 
Rogers what can go wrong here. Management making a bore of this and management starts making a bore of this thing 
if we start talking about transatlantics. I do think there is an opportunity there, but it's -- nothing is going to happen 
until we've the next big downturn in the industry and aircraft are getting parked in desert somewhere. And we're not 
there yet, so let's not waste any time on it. Yes, I saw your note last week, is it serious or not serious? It's not serious, 
until such time as there is a big downturn in the industry. We have had talks with a lot of the US airports, they are all 
over us like a rash. And, I think there are some very good deals to be done there. We know we have the European 
airports lined up. But like, the tenure of the discussions is, let's have a chat, let's have a relationship, make us an offer, 
but we'll be back to you whenever we can get a fleet of cheap long-haul aircraft and I think that's at least two or three 
years away. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Any other questions? No. Okay. Thank you very much for coming. Again, if I can leave you with a couple of messages 
this morning, business growing strongly, raised guidance for the rest of this year, and let's not get overly concerned 
about fuel next year, because I think there maybe a high degree of natural hedging there with fares and fuel, and to the 
extent there isn't then Ryanair's price leadership would allow us to grow significantly faster, and stronger than any other 
competitor in Europe. 


Thanks very much everybody. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


