Q3 2008 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Ryanair Q3 Results Call. At this time, all participants are in 
listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow. [Operator 
Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. 

I'll now like to hand over to Chief Executive, Mr. Michael O'Leary. Please go ahead, sir. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Steve and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. You're welcome to the Q3 investor conference call. I am 
here in London; Howard Millar is actually in New York where he will shortly be conducting an analyst and investor 
briefing in about an hour, immediately after this conference call. And we're joined in Dublin by Neil Sorahan, Jimmy 
Dempsey, David Broderick. Michael Cawley send his apologies, he is on a flight back to Dublin at the moment. 

And we published – excuse me, I have bit of head cold today. But we published the Q3 results this morning. As you 
can see the traffic growth was 21%, the net profits have fallen 27% to €35 million, which is in line with our guidance 
for the third quarter. It reflects a 21% growth in traffic, a 4% decline in yields including the baggage charges, flat unit 
cost and a strong ancillary sales performance. And whilst the unit costs were flat during the quarter excluding the fuel 
hedges, they rose by 6% largely due to the doubling of airport charges at Stansted, significantly higher charges at 
Dublin airport, 7% longer sectors and the increase in the cabin crew staffing ratios, which will be repeated in the 
following year. 

We welcome the UK government's recent decision to ignore the CAA's proposal at Stansted Airport monopoly be 
de-designated, clearly in our view if Stansted Airport continues to demonstrate an abusive market position and we're 
continuing to call on the UK government to breakup the BA airport monopoly. We're also opposed to Dublin airports 
plan to waste 800 million on the second terminal at Dublin, while that facility could easily be put in place for about 200 
million, the same cost proposed by the DAA in 2005 when they first proposed it. 

Thankfully, at most other airports, costs are continuing to fall and that's opening up further growth opportunities for 
Ryanair, and in the last couple of months we have opened up new bases in Alicante and Valencia in Spain, Belfast City 
and the Bristol in the UK and we've recently announced two new bases both in Bournemouth and in Birmingham for 
the UK. And they have come about as a result of capacity withdrawals by competitor airlines. We expect some time in 
March, April to announce two more bases for which we will start operating in the winter of '08, '09, winter of '08-'09. 

Looking forward in terms of – we had kept, signaled strongly that there will be a fall in profits in third and fourth 
quarters, the results for nine – cumulative results for the nine months show profit 17% ahead .We are reaffirming our 
guidance this morning for the full year, which would, we now have good visibility on yields into the fourth quarter. We 
expect a decline in average fares over the winter period to be of the order of about minus 5%, and therefore, we are able 
to confirm our previous guidance that we expect profit for the full year to rise by about 17.5% to about €470 million 
and the recently completed share buyback should add about another 3% to earnings per share for the full year. 


Obviously I am more concerned in this morning's release. We are giving some flavor of our outlook for next year. It's 
important at this stage to say we're not in a position to make any accurate forecast because the markets both in terms of 
yields and in terms of fuel costs remain extremely volatile. However, with spot oil prices remaining up at $90 a barrel 
and a significant likelihood of recession here in the UK or in Europe; we generally are taking a more pessimistic view 
of the next 12 months than presently any of our other competitors or indeed a significant number of analysts in the 
market. We see the number of analysts make forecast for Ryanair's earnings for next year that is FY '09. Most have 
predicated on significantly higher oil prices, which we agree with, but there seems to be a general assumption that there 
will be higher fares and yields in the next 12 months, and the higher fares and yields will pay for higher oil prices. 

We are concerned at this stage and all I wanted to do today is to highlight the fact that I think that – we think that's 
probably an over – an optimistic assessment. Our view presently is that oil prices will remain high for the coming 12 
months, as you know we had started hedging some 10 months ago, almost this time last year into the third quarter of 
the next year at $72 a barrel. Not long after we started that hedging process, the oil prices moved away from us again 
and we went up somewhere in the mid to high 90s for most of the last nine months, with no, and no opportunity to 
hedge at those kind of prices. 

There was some recent weakening in oil prices on the back of fear of recession, although the Fed rate, interest rate cuts 
at the last couple of weeks, resulted in spot prices prior to that falling back to high 80s but they've now rebounded back 
up into the low 90s again. 

Our view for what it's worth is that we are probably, I mean our budgeting numbers is we are facing probably about 
$85 a barrel through the next, for FY '08, '09 that would be about $20 a barrel higher than roughly the $65 a barrel we 
have hedged most of this year's supply at. And every $1 movement in the price of oil represents an adverse cost impact 
of about €14 million. So a $20 million movement, 65 to 85 would add about €280 million to our cost base for next year. 

Having said that, I think you've got to also take a view on yields. Our view at the moment is that at its most optimistic 
yields may well be flat for the next 12 months and our most pessimistic we think yields will fall by anything up to five 
percentage points. Those are not guides – those are not forecasts at this stage, we just think we need to focus everybody 
on next year's earnings. This year's earnings I think are largely in the bag, next year you need to be more cautious 
particularly with the yield outlook. 

We are of the view that the UK and some of our European markets are entering or facing into a recession, whether they 
go into recession or don't go into recession is pretty much immaterial. The real issue is, most of our competitors out 
there seem to be assuming that higher fares will account for higher oil prices next year. We think that's an over 
optimistic assumption. We think we are facing the possibility of a perfect storm in the next 12 months, where you may 
have, in our case significantly higher oil prices, maybe $85 a barrel and weaker fares and yields. So unlike two years 
ago, when higher fares – higher yields accounted or helped us to pay for higher oil prices, we think in the next 12 
months, we may be looking at an outcome of higher oil prices and perhaps flat or slightly weaker yields. In which case 
the kind of range of estimates we are focusing people on is that our earnings next year given a combination of flat 
yields and oil prices falling back from 85 to $75 a barrel, could see our earnings rise by a single-digit percentage, 6 or 
8%. Whereas a combination of the perfect storm of $85 a barrel of oil and a yield decline of 5% net over the year 
would see our profits fall by as much as 50% to about €235 million. 

Having said that, our general belief at the moment, we don't think it would be as bad as the most conservative guidance, 
we don't think it will be as good as our most optimistic guidance, but I think its time to focus people on next year. We 
may be headed for one of those cyclical five year perfect storms that afflict this industry. 

Having said that in many ways we would welcome that kind of a downturn for a period of a year for couple of reasons. 
Firstly, we think if there is a recession in the UK and Europe, it would bring to an end all of this debate about more 
environmental taxes on air travel. We would welcome that, it would also I think put considerably more pressure on 
airport regulators, that both the CAA here in the UK and the Commission for Aviation Regulation in Ireland, both of 
whom in recent years have been abysmal at protecting the needs of the interest of airport users and both of whom who 
follow the policy, it seems to us, at least in my view of prioritizing the airport as the monopoly airport returns over the 
needs or the requirements of users, airline and passengers users. We think that would change in a recession. 


Equally there may well be a prospect if there is a recession that oil prices may trend downwards over the next 12 
months all of which, I think would be good for our medium and long term growth and the medium and long term 
business model. We continue to see opportunities that are rising as a result of competitors cutting back capacity. We've 
highlighted example, say British Midland – British Airways with the sale BAA Connect to Flybe has resulted in a 
significant downturn in capacity at Birmingham, has led Birmingham Airport to do a deal with Ryanair under which we 
would step in and guarantee them significant traffic growth and establish a base there as an airport. Well, thank you, we 
have been trying to establish a base for a number of years but the cost base was prohibitive. 

We've also seen the opportunity that arises at Belfast City where just before Christmas, Air Berlin pulled out and left 
Belfast City with a significant gap in their operations. The Airport came to us and we were happy to do a deal with 
them again to open up the base and guarantee them significant traffic growth at a reasonably low cost base for Ryanair 
and I think those opportunities will continue. There's the prospect of considerable consolidation in the Spanish market. 
At the moment the likes of Vueling and Clickair have said they have cancelled their growth plans, they are now talking 
about merging together to try to come up with some kind of a profitable strategy. Speculation now is that Iberia maybe 
a bidder for Spanair, in the Italian market clearly Air France looks like they may be a bidder for Alitalia. And even the 
German market in recent days, there has been speculation that the Germanwings and Hapag-Lloyd Express may merge 
onto some kind of Lufthansa subsidiary. 

I think that process of consolidation will be speeded up if there is a recession or a downturn in the European industry 
here in Europe in the next twelve months. I think that would be good both for our Ryanair's growth, and it would also 
be good for our cost base, because I think it will throw up more opportunities to reduce costs on entry to new airports 
and new bases at significantly lower costs. 

In the mean time our own cost reduction plans continue to roll out. Over the next twelve months, on a unit cost basis or 
on a passenger basis, we would expect to see many of the major cost items like staff costs, airport costs, aircraft 
ownership depreciation, sales and marketing grow at a slower rate than scheduled revenues. Ancillary revenues will 
continue to grow at a faster rate than scheduled revenues but the big bug there in the middle of all this is what happens 
to fuel costs, what happens to yields, and at the moment we're not in a position to give you any guidance on that as we 
said in a statement this morning we hope to be in a position to give you some guidance on that probably, by about the 
time of our annual results or around June of this year. Those are kind of the themes of today's results, that's as much 
guidance or color as I can give you at the moment. 

For the sake of speed, and because Howard is in New York and will be doing an analyst and investor briefing over 
there following the conference call. I am not going to ask them to read the MD&A. I think we will take it as read and if 
you don't mind we'll now open this up to question-and-answers. Steven, if you could open up for questions, please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Furlong. Please go ahead with 
your question announcing your company name. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Yeah, Michael. Could you just tell me, whether you are seeing any sign in bookings, of any 
slowdown particularly in terms of what's all being talked about in terms of the UK consumer. And also in that context 
maybe you could just talk about, there's been a number of retailers in the UK, Next, Dickson's etcetera, who have kind 
of warned, and what do you see with the Ryanair business model, if you can – it can outperform in those downturns 
either because it has more inbound traffic in the UK or via for traffic or just the lower price point? Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Stephen. I think in terms of booking outlook the difficulty at the moment is we are in 
an unusual quarter, and that Easter has moved in – is in March of this year. So that impacts currently our forward 
booking profile, which would include either a February, March and about the first half of April is occupationally strong 


because Easter is in March. And I think it's fair to say, we would see a relatively strong end to the current year. Traffic 
will be inline with our pre – this guidance and we expect yields to be inline with our previous guidance. We don't see 
anything unusual. I think it gets more difficult once you get beyond into April, May, June. Clearly, we don't have 
Easter in this year's comparable, but it would have been in the prior year comparable. And there is a possibility, I mean, 
it's hard to know yet, we don't see any great sign at the moment of a downturn in UK in the bookings. But where it 
would get reflected would be in yield. Remember, we will maintain our traffic growth. We expect to maintain our load 
factors within our range of guidance, but that will be at the expense of yield. And therefore, it's a little bit early, yes, 
because we have Easter in March the immediate forward bookings are strong out to the end of the year, which is why 
we have a fair degree of confidence in the guidance for this year's profit figures up 17.5%, over the previous year. 

Next year, a lot more uncertain, and I think a lot depends on what happens? What impact do the interest rate costs have, 
the fed interest rate cuts in the States. The prospect of Bank of England costs over here. My personal view is, I don't 
think they will have that much impact. I think we are heading in for a recession. I maybe overly pessimistic or bearish 
on that, I maybe wrong. But at least, if our forecast is wrong you'll get along – the surprise will be on the upside. I think 
a lot of our competitors at the moment in Europe are forecasting kind of higher fares next year to cover higher oil 
prices. And I think the room for surprises there, is probably on the downside. In terms of UK retailers, we haven't seen 
it at the moment, do I think we'll outperform the market if there is a recession? Yes, I do. We have in each of the last 
three big downturns, which was a Gulf War-I, 9/11 and the Iraq, War in all cases. I mean if you remember back to 2002 
immediately after the 9/11 with our first ever profits warning and our only ever downturn in profitability. We have 
bounced back strongly the following year with a significant increase in profitability. But if this is, and there is a 
possibility that this next year, it could be one of those years. So we have a downturn in profitability. I think what we are 
trying to say, now is cost in deeper that next year maybe one of those years. If it's not, I think the surprise would be on 
the upside, I don't think it will be on the downside. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Thanks, Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Stephen. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from line of John Mattimoe. Please go ahead with your question announcing your company 
name. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Hi Michael. John Mattimoe from Merrion Stockbrokers. Michael just a follow-up there, just in 
relation to the – the consumer environments that you are referring to. Is it just the UK you are particularly concerned 
about or is it just probably across Europe. And then just a second question, then, if Howard is on the line. Just in 
relation to the non-fuel unit cost. Can I just check to see what the dynamics are at play there? You mentioned in the 
release this morning about the 5% increase in sector lengths possible for the next financial year. And I just wanted to tie 
that in and whether that implies a reduction in unit cost or an increase given that – Michael was saying that staff, 
airports aircraft and sales and marketing costs to be growing at a lower rate then the scheduled revenues? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. Thanks John. I think it's fair to say at this stage, we are kind of worried about as I said, 
we are slipping into recession not just in the UK, but across Europe. Clearly UK will be of more importance to us given 
that the profile of the new bases in the UK this year. I think we will have a – percentage of our growth will be at UK 
bases Birmingham, Belfast City, Bristol and Bournemouth. And also the recent weakness of sterling may impact the 
kind of the yield figures over the next 12 months. We haven't seen a big downturn at the moment in UK bookings, nor 
have we seen it across the continent. But we are concerned that if we slip into recession, which may happen 
immediately, or quite certainly and immediately after Easter and Easter is in March. It may affect bookings across our 
network across Europe for us through April, May, June and then we are not really sure where we are. 

So I think we have a general concern more that you have to take your view at the moment on next year. But one thing 
that looks certain is oil price is going to be higher to $65 per barrel. The thing that's uncertain is, can we get another 3 
or 4% fair increase as we did two year's ago, when oil prices jumped. Now, that maybe driven by competitor fuel 


surcharge and we would expect those to go up again. I'm just not sure, if there is a recession or a recession across 
Europe or a continuing weakness or consumer confidence in the UK. That our competitors will be able to levy a further 
increase to fuel surcharges, in which case we may not see our fares trend up behind those. That process could be 
speeded up, if consolidations speeds up and there's more capacity taken out of the market than it'll be more favorable 
for yields. If there isn't as much consolidation as we expect at the moment, there'll be further downward pressure on 
yields. It's just too earlier to say, but we think the general range of kind of analysts forecast for next year at the moment 
are overly optimistic in assuming that there will be a yield increase in this environment to compensate for higher oil 
prices. Howard, do you want to do the unit cost question? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yes, Michael. I suppose John, at this stage we normally wouldn't come out with indications on 
next year, as we have not yet finalized all of our new routes and bases. But to give you some general guidance, clearly 
if sector length is increasing by 5%, that does have a significant impact on quite a few cost lines. I would think on staff 
cost, we think it'll be fine; we've absorbed the increase in the cabin crew ratios this year, in the prior year we obviously 
had the change in the flight crew ratio. In terms then of, by 50% or so. 

In terms of airport charges, we think now that we've absorbed the doubling of charges, the higher charge at Dublin. The 
way the route network is shaping up for this year that airport charges should grow at a slower rate then the growth in 
passenger volumes. Excluding any aircraft sales we would feel that ownership costs would also grow kind of slower 
rates than the growth in passenger volumes. So that would seem to indicate to us that despite a 5% increase in sector 
lengths, that excluding fuel unit costs will be in and around a flattish territory. But, as I say, we are not quite yet 
finalized how our new base and routes look like. But that would seem to be our general guidance at this point in time. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Howard. Thanks, Michael. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, John. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line Jim Parker. Please go ahead with our question, announcing your company name. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Michael, its Jim Parker with Raymond James. Just curious about your average fare down 4.3% in 
the December quarter, that's far more than it has been, since fiscal '04. Is there something seasonality or why is the 
average fare down so much? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Well, we think the reason is, as we said at the – on the first quarter in the half year results we 
did expect more seasonality this year. And due to the strong yield performance in the first half of the year, strong profit 
before – profit growth in the first half of the year. We thought that would be reflected in reduced year performance. 
Remember the original guidance this winter was minus five to minus 10. We are now closer to minus five for the half 
year. And I think that's a factor of a couple of things, one, we've speeded up the rate of new route development and 
brought it forward. Of the seven aircraft we grounded at Stansted, we used five of those aircraft to open up the bases in 
Bristol and in Belfast this year. So the new base development, instead of it happening in February and March, it began, 
if you like the at back of the November and early December. So you are seeing strong traffic growth but at the expense 
of yields. 

That should be repaid to us when we get to Q1 and Q2, those bases are up and running earlier, their advance bookings 
are stronger. If you take the Belfast base, the CAA produced December statistics last week. Ryanair's kind of load 
factor in December on our routes out of Belfast City was almost 60%. Aer Lingus, admittedly December was their first 
month, their load factor was down, I think, around 40%. So we have speeded up the rate of new route and base growth, 
taken it earlier during the winter period some of it immediately before Christmas, which is generally a bad time 
anyway. I think, that's what led if you like to the lower yields. They've also been compounded by the weaker starting in 
the last month or two as well. But it's well within if you like our range with previous guidance. And also our previous 
guidance on the – I think, pronounced – more pronounced seasonality, higher yields and profits during the summer, 
lower yields and probably – lower yields and lower profit during the winter. 


<Q - Jim Parker>: All right, Michael, second thing though this maybe more of a comment than a question. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: And that would be you have better reason this year with a recession possibly looming, but for last 
three years, you all have issued a rather pessimistic forecast. You usually do it in June and the earnings have turned out 
in the first of those three years to be up like 37% and the second is this year you may be up like 27% so? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Well, let me put it this way Jim. It's not from deliberate policy that we are going to rote there; 
we've kind of – some kind of deliberately bearish sentiment. We can only call it as we see it. We've been quite open; 
we think we are hedged this year at $65 a barrel. At the moment, we could forward by next year's oil at about $85 a 
barrel and that's our kind of operating number for the next 12 months. If we enter into a recession, I think there would 
be a downward pressure on oil prices, it might be a bit lower than that. And, but we are concerned about the range of 
analysts forecast for next year, that typically assume that oil and average fares will rise. They may well do so, there 
maybe further consolidation we may – the central banks may avert a recession. But at the moment, I think there is a 
significant crisis of confidence, consumer confidence here in the UK and in Europe. And as I say, if I think there is 
going to be an upside for our investors in the next 12 months, it may be on the upside. I don't think it will be on the 
downside. But I would hate to be in the position to promise you at this stage, there will be higher oil prices but don't 
worry about it because higher fares are going to cover the higher oil prices. Then you really would get a big shock in – 
over the summer. 

We can only give you our best guidance at any given point in time and we have always been concerned in Ryanair to 
give our shareholders the conservative guidance. And I think, that's a sensible thing to do and that's what we're giving 
you today. Now, we are giving it to you on a day when we are conforming third quarter profits inline with expectations. 
We are conforming full year profits inline with expectations. The previous share buyback will ensure that the EPS 
growth this year is about 20%. And the other upside surprise today is we have announced another share buyback, which 
I think is some demonstration in our confidence at the medium to long-term outlook for Ryanair. We'll do another share 
buyback despite as I previously said we wouldn't do another one for three years. So, I think, we are putting out – we are 
stepping up to the plate, but I would not wish to be optimistic at this point in time. I think, we are better off to be 
conservative and pessimistic. And I hope that our conservatism and pessimism is overdone. But I wouldn't like to be 
betting on at the moment. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: That's reasonable. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Jim. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Joe Gill. Please go ahead with your question announcing your company 
name. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Hi, it's Joe Gill at Goodbody's. Three points really. First of, in terms of capacity plans for the next 12 
months; you seems to be sticking to the 20% growth rates, at a time when your profits are going under a bit of pressure. 
Maybe just comment a little bit on why you are comfortable continuing with that pace of expansion. And secondly, are 
you doing things next winter in terms of the parking plans at Dublin and Stansted that could affect that number 
ultimately. And second in relation to Ireland, could you just comment about the competitive issues going on there; and 
year-on-year are you seeing any signs of a slowing Irish consumer demand affecting incremental demand for your 
services. And finally, just in terms of where you stand now, how the quarterly break down might actually wash out in 
fiscal 2009, is it fair to argue that Q1 is going to be a tough quarter because of the Easter effects and the winter quarter 
is going to be pretty rough because of the fuel comparisons or really if the Q2 quarter is probably going to be even 
more important this year than previous years? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Joe. So let me take those in the way back. We haven't yet finalized the budget for 
next year, so we're not in a position to give you kind of guidance yet on either the quarterly break downs or any more 


detail on that. We are midway through the process. We expect to have it finished, I think within about the next month. 
But at this point – and I don't want to get into the detail of the quarterly break of the next year's estimate, all we are 
really trying to do is to caution and the analysts in particular, that we think the general range or sort of the general 
assumption, higher fares will pay for higher oil prices next year is a bit optimistic in our view at this time. How's the 
Irish competitive issues? I mean we're continuing to see consolidate – well not so much consolidation, but the Irish 
market is characterized by not a lot of new development and Aer Lingus continuing to withdraw capacity. Clearly the 
big one was the Shannon London withdrawal which took place in January, we've seen an immediate transfer of traffic 
across to Ryanair, although it's not haven't translated in yields, primarily because as we put in the extra capacity, we 
intend to keep the fares low at Shannon. And I think the only way Shannon works at this time of the year is on the back 
of very low fares, but we are certainly taking, I think much if not all, of that traffic. 

Irish consumer, we don't yet see any signs or indication of Irish consumer weakness. But again, I think we are in this 
kind of strange period with Easter being in March, which is close to Paddy's Weekend, you have all of that kind of Irish 
stuff coming in March. So and actually the fall bookings in the Irish market through, the visible bookings through the 
end of March are quite strong. I think they maybe considered somewhat weaker once we get into April, May, but no, 
we don't see weakness in the Irish market yet. In terms of capacity plans for next 12 months, you're right. We don't see 
any reason to restrain the rate of capacity or expansion, part of that is because we can't. We have to confirm our option 
aircraft, two years out with Boeing. We are continuing to dispose that aircraft, but I suspect that there is a downturn in 
the rate of aircraft disposals, which is being treated as an exceptional in today's numbers will dry up. It shouldn't effect 
the underlying – our underlying profits. In terms of patent expansion, if anything, I think we could probably grow a 
little bit faster in the next 12 months if we have the additional aircraft capacity. We don't. What's happened in the last 
three months is opportunities have cropped up like Belfast City, which we were able to move on straight away, like 
Birmingham. And we weren't even talking to Birmingham before Christmas. By the middle of January, we were 
announcing it as a new base, where it was possible for up to 8 or 10 aircrafts over the next two-year period. Now, that 
has meant in some other bases that we were present that we were in discussion with at that stage had to take a slightly 
backseat, but these are opportunities that only crop up during a downturn when people start to panic. 

I do think next winter – by the way in terms of the capacity expansion, I think next winter, we believe that the cut back 
in capacity expansion this year has been successful for us in terms of reducing our exposure to a very high cost airport 
during the weaker winter period. I think we will look at probably a similar, if not larger capacity reduction next winter 
at Stansted. In next winter at Dublin, we will also be looking at a significant capacity reduction during the winter. And 
I'm taking that winter capacity and allocating it to new base and new route development. So I think at those two 
airports where – that do not reflect current market trends, and current market trends is towards reducing airport's costs, 
airports and handling costs, delivering efficient facilities at both Stansted and Dublin, which are regulated monopolies – 
they are still operating on the basis of increasing charges and producing inefficient facilities. I think we will look in 
future over the next year or two to significantly cutback capacity during the winter, reduce frequencies and limit our 
exposure to those airports during the winter, but that shouldn't arrest the rate of traffic. Our capacity to grow, it would 
simply mean we'll take those aircraft and it will allow us to open up new bases earlier in the winter. We expect to 
announce two new bases for next winter sometime in March or April of this year and we are presently two of those 
bases were down to about five potential bases. And we should have the last round of negotiations with them over the 
coming weeks. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Where are they? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: They are in generally – you can take your pick. They are in Continental Europe and the 
British Isles. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: And the difficulty – if you had asked me that question, privately over 10 times before 
Christmas, I would have told you where the next two bases were going to be. And by the middle of January having 
announced Belfast City in Birmingham, you'd have called me a liar, it changes that quickly. When we get an 
opportunity like Birmingham comes to us, because their entire market strategy has been transformed by British 


Airways and Flybe cutting back capacity, you'd be stupid not to expand into that airport. I mean you have an airport 
with a cachement of 10 million people, it has two terminals in effect. It has two not very strong incumbent carriers in 
Flybe and in bmibaby. And they are – want to work with us now, to develop a really low fare base and to see there, we 
had very rapid growth of low fare traffic out of Birmingham in next 12 months, two years. That will however have a 
negative impact on our existing, success of base at East Midlands airport. So I think it'll have a downward effect on 
some of the fares, and these we are getting out of the East Midlands. But over the medium to long-term these are 
opportunities that you really, we shouldn't – we couldn't ignore and I think you are putting where in making 
investments now that would be very profitable for us over any 3 to 5 year timeframe even if the outlook on fuel and 
fares for the next 12 months looks a bit kind of poor. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Okay. And just one last point, in relation to the comments on aircraft disposals, what should we take 
now as the total number you may sell including the ones you have sold already? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I mean, I think I'll ask Howard, like we have sold 20 already, we are in active discussions at 
the moment to sell another 10 in two tranches of five. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: But until those are – if nothing really changes I think we will probably have five more done 
in the fourth quarter and maybe five done in the first to second quarter of next year. But really the people we are talking 
to whilst we're looking at very – these as – we're looking at what I would think will be very good prices for those 
aircraft. They are very reluctant to finally commit until you get closer to their abilities, that today their ability is to 
deliver it to the customer airlines they are trying deliver to. There is a long nervousness out there and now amongst the 
banks and the lessors and so those offers, those discussions might dry up in a weak or a month or they may – or they 
maybe successfully conclude it with 10 disposals. Its really a question of what happens to the finance – in the financial 
market and what consumer confidence is like, primarily, in markets like India and China over the coming three to six 
months. Howard, do you want to add anything on that? 

<A - Howard Millar>: No, Michael other than that, I think that we had recently talked to you about 46 aircraft. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Yeah. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Looking over the horizon, we have some leases maturing in 2011, we probably won't extend 
those. The means the bundle we are looking now is probably 36 of which we have sold 20. As Michael said, we are 
clearly in pretty advanced negotiations on five and the others we will probably take a bit more time. So it would be – 
looks likes another 16 to go with five nearly done and we'll have to take it as we see it over the coming months. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: And Howard, I guess it's fair to say the likely timing on those five would be in the fourth 
quarter. 

<A - Howard Millar>: I think it's fair to say we are very close... 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Joe. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Stern. Please go ahead with your question announcing your company 
name. 


<Q - Glenn Greenberg>: Hi. It's Glenn Greenberg. Good morning. I appreciate the sober outlook looking forward for 
the coming year. I wonder if you could talk about how your major competitors will have very scant profit margins 
Mike, what steps they might have to take to stay in business or to protect themselves in the event of this sober outlook 
coming to pass? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think, and what's likely to happen if you take our major competitors, being the BAs of this 
world, I mean if you – their guidance last week was that on the short haul, non-premium business was very difficult. I 
think you'll see them, if we do enter recession over here, I think the speed at which they will contract the capacity in the 
short haul non-premium marketplace here in the UK and in Europe will speed up. Most of the – our major competitors 
in Europe, the BAs, Air France and Lufthansa are focused on the development of premium long haul traffic. I think that 
will continue to be the focus of their growth and development in the coming months. And if it gets worse economically 
than they presently expect, I think the clear signal is that, they will continue to cut back capacity in those short haul 
markets, where presently they are losing money because they are not able to compete with the likes of Ryanair, and 
Ryanair's fares. 

Around the edges then you have some smaller competitors who are up for, you know, but I don't want to name them on 
a conference call in Spain and in Germany talking about merging together, canceling aircraft orders. There is some 
so-called low fares, loss making airlines in Eastern Europe where presently they are now selling their aircraft deliveries 
as it is about the only way they can finance their way through to next summer. And so, I think it's clear that there's 
going to continue to be capacity restraint, if not capacity reductions in the short haul European market over the next six 
to twelve months. The difficulty is, it's too early yet to say how big or how dramatic would that capacity reduction be. 
The obvious example is Alitalia and Malpensa. Alitalia are talking now about reducing their traffic in Malpensa in 
Milan by up to 5 million passengers next year. If they go ahead with that, there's a debate in Italy, it's a political 
decision, will that still go ahead if Air France buys Alitalia, it's impossible to say. But I think, certainly we are looking 
at an outlook for the next 12 months where there's going to be significant – there's certainly going to be capacity 
restraint, maybe a capacity reduction. I think that's opening up further opportunities for us along the lines of the Belfast 
City and the Birmingham developments in recent months. 

Operator 

Sir, does that conclude your questions? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Glenn. Anymore questions, Steven? 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brian Ross . Please go ahead with your question 
announcing your company name. 

<Q>: Michael, it's Brian Ross from SFE. Stansted is still by far your biggest base and what do you think your outlook 
is for airport charges at Stansted over the medium term? And I have a second question. I know strictly you said it 
wouldn't be Ryanair, but what's your current thinking on long haul, and does the current economic climate encourage 
you to be faster in that or to move slower? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Well, let me give you the second one first, Brian. There's nothing at the moment that would 
enable us or encourage us move on the long haul plan. I mean, nothing can happen on long haul unless there is a fleet 
of very cheap long haul aircraft available, there aren't. I don't think there will be for a year or two, even if we enter into 
a deep recession. The Boeing and Airbus order books are pretty full and it will take some kind of, I think, seismic event 
like a 9/11 or so or a war, some kind of seismic event before long haul aircraft are going to be parked at the desert. And 
really, I see no prospect for long haul low-cost airlines unless you can pick up aircraft sitting at the desert somewhere. 


In Stansted, I think it's much more difficult to call and I think all of that, just I mean, what's remarkable here is the 
failure of the regulatory regime here in the UK. The purpose of the regulator and the regulator is the CAA, has been 
notionally and under law is to request or protect the reasonable requirements of users. Remarkably in recent years they 
seem to have taken the view that actually their primary function is to protect the returns of the monopoly airport in 
order to encourage the monopoly airport to continue to invest. And to hell with what users have to pay. So we've had a 
strange situation in Stansted in the last 12 months where the Stansted airport has doubled charges last year, and gotten 
away with it, there's no greater evidence of market power or the ability to abuse your market power than that. The CAA 
nevertheless recommends to the government that Stansted should be deregulated because they didn't have market 
power. There is absolute unanimity amongst all the Stansted airlines including Ryanair, easyJet, British Airways, you 
name it, that this was a crazy idea, it shouldn't be, proceed. Thankfully the British government has seen the light of day, 
has recognized that that proposal was an insanity and has rejected the idea that Stansted should be de-designated. 

However, in response to that the CAA produced another discussion document last week which forms the basis for the 
review of airport charges for the next five years from 2009 to 2014. And at the heart of that again was this bizarre claim 
that Stansted hasn't got market power, and that in order to encourage Ferrovia, the big Spanish utility to invest in 
Stansted, they should double the passenger charges again for the next five years. Now this is crazy stuff, but 
particularly when the airline community as Stansted is opposed to this, particularly when the airline community at 
Stansted have called for opening up, I mean a) break up the BA the monopoly or b) at least allow there to be a 
competitive tender for the second terminal at Stansted. Ryanair itself has offered to build and pay for the second 
terminal at Stansted; it would cost about 250 million. The second runway would cost about 150 million. So we think we 
get it done for about 4 or 500 million, saving a 3.5 billion, over what Stansted is presently proposing to the CAA. 

I guess the scandal of over spending continues, at the consultation which will take place later this week with the 
Stansted airlines. The CAA have now given us their document for the BAA which shows the BAA has now spent a 135 
million, 135 million almost the cost of a runway. In the last 12 months on buying a property for blight reasons and 
about 65 million on consultant fees. We've asked to see copies of the consultants report but we've been told that there 
aren't any reports, that it was all verbal and they have plans to spend 65 million of our money getting verbal reports 
from architects and planning consultants. It's just a scam and the problem is, until the CAA changes its spot or begins to 
act like a real regulator and do one of two things, either a) replicate what's going on in the airport industry across 
Europe which is lowering airport charges or b) representing the real requirements of airport users which is far efficient 
to finish with lower cost, then I will be pessimistic. I think the BAA monopoly is going to continue to try to increase 
charges at Stansted, because they have the power to do so. And I think we're going to continue to be engaged in legal 
process with the regulator here in the UK until such times as we can force them or encourage them, to actually protect 
or advance the reasonable interest of users. Particularly where those users have unanimity. In the past at the London 
airport the BAA has always been able to buy off the major airline, which is BA, given them terminal 5 at Heathrow or 
give them the North terminal at Gatwick. Here at Stansted they can't find any airline to support for the BAA's plan, but 
what they have come up with now, is just to say our consultation has broken down at Stansted so we are now just – 
we'll make a decision and we'll approve what the BAA wants all in a row. 

So I think the regulatory regime has sadly failed here. I think that's why we're calling for a breakup of the London 
airports. And what's going to happen in the mean time. I honestly Brian, I don't know what's the answer, other than I 
think we are going to try to persuade the CAA that what we need is a low cost second runway and a reasonably priced 
terminal facility at Stansted. Stansted will continue to be the low cost gateway for air travel to and from London and we 
need low cost efficient facility that allows the low fares airlines like Ryanair and easyJet to continue to develop and 
continue to provide a low fare choice for London and British tourism. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thank you. 

Operator 


[Operator Instructions] 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Folks thank you very much as I said Howard is hosting an investor briefing in the States after the conference 
call. We want to make sure we get in front of as many analysts and investors. We did one this morning in London, 
Howard's doing one in New York this afternoon. 

As I said look, I think the thing that the message is, if I could give you couple of messages from today's, our result 
piece is as follows: the third quarter is in line with guidance, we now have good degree of visibility over the fourth 
quarter and therefore we're confident on our guidance for the full year, which is for a 17.5% growth and profit. We've 
already done a share buyback of about 3% of the ordinary share capital, which we give investors about a 20% growth in 
EPS this year. 

Next year, at the moment looks very uncertain. We expect to be able to have the year, to put a bit more certainty on it 
as we move over the next two or three months and we expect to be able to give you some kind of accurate guidance by 
the time we get to the full year results in early June. We have seen the share price under performing, while performing 
in line with other airlines, but certainly under-perform or fall back significantly. We think that the sensible use there for 
shareholders money is to announce a further share buyback. 

At present prices it would enable us, if we go ahead with it in the coming weeks to buyback about another 3% of 
shareholder equity, which we think will result in a decent returns for shareholders next year, even if we go through a 
period of perfect storm of higher oil prices and weaker years in Europe. If we do, I think it will be temporary. I believe 
that the Ryanair business model remains unchallenged in Europe. Nobody has the kind of cost base we have, nobody 
has the pricing advantages as we have. I think we'll continue to grow very strongly and in a disciplined fashion, we will 
rollout the capacity. I hope that the share buyback will enhance shareholder returns. 

And hopefully, if we are facing a perfect storm, if profits fall next year then it will be a limited to a one year 
phenomenon and that we'll then resume growing strongly the profits and shareholder returns will continue to grow 
strongly to reflect the headline growth in traffic and in fleet. That's all I have to say today and if anybody wants to do 
any follow-up, come see us in Dublin talk about them all, talk about the issue in more detail. We'll be happy to see you 
over the coming weeks. And with that Howard, is there anything else you want to add to that. 

Howard Millar 

No, that's fine Michael. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay folks. Thank you very much today. And as said, if anybody wants to come see us, we look forward to seeing you 
over the coming weeks and months, but rest assured we are going to focus all our energies on continuing to reduce cost, 
but particularly if there is going to be a recession in the next couple of months and over the next couple of quarters. 
Thank you very much everybody. God bless and bye, bye. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participation. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 


and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2008, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


