Q3 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Stephen Furlong 
• John Mattimoe 
• Michael Cawley 
• Jim Parker 
• Andrew Light 
• Jonathan Wober 
• Joe Gill 
• Samantha Gleave 
• Tim Marshall 
• Neil Glynn 
• Travis Anderson 
• Wyn Ellis 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Ryanair's third quarter conference call. At 
this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until we conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions 
will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And just to remind you, this conference is being recorded. 

I would now like to hand over to the Chairperson, Michael O'Leary, CEO of Ryanair. Please begin your meeting and 
I'll be standing by. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Good afternoon everybody. Welcome to Ryanair's Q3 results conference call. I'm Michael O'Leary. I'm joined 
by Howard Millar and most of the rest of the finance team in Dublin. Michael Cawley is in London where he's doing a 
day of press and TV interviews and things. 

I would do the really quick run-through. As you've seen Q3, we've reported a loss of 102 million compared to a profit 
of 35 million in last year's Q3. Average fares fell by 9% in the quarter to €34, while fuel costs rose 71% to 328 million. 

Revenues were up 6% in the quarter to 604 million, as traffic grew by 13% to 14 million passengers. This Q3 loss of 
102 million was disappointing, but in line with expectations, and was almost entirely due to the 136 million increase in 
fuel costs. Average fares fell 9% to €34, but this was largely funded by a 3% reduction in non-fuel unit operating costs. 

The general economic environment remains extremely difficult, but this is proving to be good for Ryanair's traffic 
growth, as many more passengers are switching – actively switching to Ryanair's lowest fare, lowest cost model away 


from our higher fare competitors. 

We plan to continue to lower our fares both for the remainder of the spring and into next summer to maintain our 
aggressive traffic growth and our high load factors. We will report the January traffic figures probably tomorrow, and 
that will be in line with our previous guidance. 

Ancillary revenues grew by 19% to 132 million and now account for 22% of revenues, 19% last year. We expect the 
onboard mobile telephony service to be rolled out on a trial 20 Dublin-based aircraft, sometime around the end of 
February. 

In terms of costs, the Q3 fuel costs rose by 71% to a total of 328 million and accounted for 47% of our operating costs 
compared to 37% in Q3 of '08. We have taken advantage of the recent falls in jet fuel prices to put in place a significant 
quantity of hedging for the next fiscal year. And this morning we announced we're 75% hedged in quarters one and two 
and 50% in quarter three at an average price of 650 per ton for jet fuel, which is 38% lower than the average we paid in 
the current year. 

If we can complete the total – our total fiscal year ended March 2010 at that figure $650 per ton, it would reduce our 
fuel bill by approximately €500 million in the next fiscal year. Excluding fuel, other operating costs in Q3 fell by 3% 
on a per passenger basis. 

In terms of competition, the environment continues to be full of opportunity. The rate of airline closures and 
consolidation across Europe continues to accelerate. We've seen recent examples in January alone where Air 
France/KLM has announced a 25% stake in Alitalia. The EU has approved the Clickair/Vueling merger. And we've 
seen the bankruptcy of the Lithuanian carrier FlyLAL. 

That consolidation is hastening the emergence of four large European airlines, comprising three large high fare fuel 
surchargers, led by Air France, BA and Lufthansa, and what we believe will be one very large, very low fares airline, 
Ryanair. 

These dramatic cuts in flights and capacity largely by the flight carriers and the bankruptcy of second-tier providers is 
creating a – frankly, traffic collapses at many of Europe's larger and secondary airports. This in turn is creating 
enormous opportunities for Ryanair where we're being met with fantastic proposals by many of these airports who are 
competing against each other to lower the charges in order to attract, not just new routes and traffic from Ryanair, but 
to build or to reverse traffic declines at their airports by tapping into Ryanair's growth. 

In terms of regulatory developments, in the recent couple of months we've seen a number of very positive 
developments. In the UK, we support the CAA's recent recommendation that the high cost BAA airport monopoly will 
be forced to sell Gatwick and Stansted airports in London, as well as Edinburgh in Scotland to finally introduce much 
needed competition. However, the CAA – the regulator in the UK, the Civil Aviation Authority, remains hopelessly 
inadequate and has again recently approved another round of admittedly small cost increases at Stansted, but 
nevertheless cost increases, which are bizarre at the time when inflation is negative and when airports – competitive 
airports all over Europe are lowering prices. 

In Ireland, we welcomed the Government Appeal Panel's report, which was published on the 23rd of December, which 
supported Ryanair's view that the DAA's Terminal 2 is considerably over-sized. 

We're also pleased that the government report highlighted the fact that the Irish Aviation Regulator is incompetent, 
having criticized in for passive regulation. And we welcome – further welcome the fact that Dublin's airport traffic is 
now in freefall, having declined by 9% in December. We believe it will see similar falls in traffic in the first quarter of 
this year, even before the insane Irish tourism tax of €10 per ticket begins to impact on the 1st of April next. 

We again call on the Irish Government to allow a competing terminal to be developed at Dublin airport, which is 
frankly the only way we're going to see efficient facilities, lower cost at Dublin airport, and an end to the idiot regulator 
we have or the incompetence of the idiot regulator we have in Ireland. 


On the European front, we had a stunning victory with the European Court of First Instance in December, which 
dismissed the European Commission's flawed 2004 Charleroi decision. The court's ruling confirms that Ryanair did not 
receive either unlawful State Aid or subsidies from Charleroi airports of the Walloon region. 

We also believe the ruling renders the Commission's 2005 Airport Guidelines, which were based on their Charleroi 
decision to be redundant. We are calling on the European Commission to abandon their eight other follow-on State Aid 
cases against small regional airports in Europe and we hope they will. 

We warmly welcome the recent development by the European Commission last week, which ruled that over €1 billion 
over the past five years of discounted domestic airport charges received largely by Air France at French airports was 
unlawful State Aid. 

Now we think this will now lead to a level playing field on airport charges within France whereby international charges 

– charges on international routes will fall, there will be a corresponding increase on domestic charges, but all of it 
would be good for the growth and development of new routes and flights to and from France. 
Just to update you on the Aer Lingus offer, on the 22nd of January last, the Irish Government announced that it would 
not accept Ryanair's cash offer of €1.40 per share for their 25% stake. We last week announced, therefore, that we were 
withdrawing the offer of €1.40 per share. We did predict that – we thought that Aer Lingus' share price would go into 
freefall and I hate to say we told them so, but we did. This morning it fell below €1 back to about €0.98 along – which 
is back where it was prior to the Ryanair offer. 

The withdrawal of our offer sadly condemns Aer Lingus to a bleak future as a loss making, subscale, regional airline, 
which has a high cost base, declining traffic numbers and frankly no vision whatsoever for the future other than to 
report substantial losses in 2008 and again in 2009. However, the government's decision does have a positive in that it 
clears the way for Ryanair now to continue to focus on our own growth and expansion on reducing our costs and on 
returning to very substantial profitability over the coming year, thanks to a decline in oil prices and for the falls in 
average fares and yields. 

In terms of balance sheet, which is a critical issue given the current financial tsunami that seems to be washing around 
the world, we retain one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry with over 1.8 billion in cash at the end of the 
third quarter. 

The strong rebound in profitability next year will lead to a further growth in these cash balances. Our long-term dollar 
hedging strategy also means that in 2008 – 2009, '10, we will benefit by paying for aircraft a dollar exchange rate of €1 

– at a dollar-euro exchange rate of €1.50 to the euro significantly better than our current market rates. 
And we've also recently exercised options over a further 13 Boeing aircraft for delivery in 2011, which will enable us 
to add cheaper, more efficient aircraft to our business while at the same time continuing to grow strongly in a market 
where almost all of our competitors either have ceased growing or are cutting back capacity. 

Just in terms of outlook, our decision not to hedge our Q4 oil prices has been vindicated by the continuing decline in 
spot prices. And accordingly, we'll benefit from much lower oil costs in Q4 of approximately $500 per ton for jet fuel. 

Some of this cost advantage will be diluted by weaker yields. We now expect the Q4 average fares to fall by about 
20%, which is at the upper end of our previously guided range and reflects, obviously, the absence of Easter in Q4 and 
the significant weakness in sterling in recent months. 

However, we expect the Q4 loss will now be smaller than previously anticipated, and so we're upgrading our full-year 
guidance for fiscal year-ended 31 March, '09, from previously breakeven to a current net profit after tax in a range of 
between 50 to 80 million, all of which would be pre-exceptional. 

Looking forward into next year, we will enjoy significantly lower oil costs, thanks to our recent hedging program when 
most of our competitors are already hedged at far higher prices. We intend to use this significant cost advantage to 
again lower fares to grow our capacity and grow traffic and drive down prices at the time when across Europe, I think 
consumers are looking for lower fares, and also when our competitors are in some financial distress. 


At this time we expect fares next year to fall by over 10%, although it's very hard to be accurate given we have very 
little visibility at this stage. If the recession deepens, however, it could be worth the fare fall or the yield decline could 
be worse than that. However, that will be better again for our traffic growth. However, the 38% reduction in oil prices, 
which the fuel hedging has secured, should ensure that Ryanair returns to a substantial profitability next year, when 
many of our competitors will be reporting losses. 

Overall, we believe the longer and deeper this recession, the better it will be for the lowest cost producers in every 
sector. And clearly Ryanair in the airline sector, like Lidl and Aldi in the supermarkets or McDonald's in the restaurant 
business, our topline growth will remain strong. And we believe our profitability will rebound strongly because Ryanair 
is the lowest cost provider by a distance. And we're poised for a substantial traffic and profit growth, as passengers 
switch actively from our higher fare competitors to Ryanair's lower fare, much better services. 

Howard, will you take us through the MD&A, please? Howard? 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

Yeah. We'll take you though the summary. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Yep. 

Howard Millar, Deputy Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer 

There was one exceptional item during the quarter that amounted to 17.3 million and this is the accelerated depreciation 
charge on aircraft to be disposed in this fiscal year to the end of March '09 and the balance into the fiscal year ended, 
March 2010. So excluding the exceptional items, the company suffered an adjusted loss after tax of 101.5 million in the 
quarter, compared to adjusted profit after tax of 35 million in the comparison quarter ended December 31, 2007, 
primarily due to a 71% increase in fuel costs and a 9% decrease in average fares. 

Operating revenues grew at 6%, slower than the 13% increase in passenger numbers due to a 9% decrease in average 
fares, right from lower baggage penetration rates, the adverse impact of the movement in sterling to the euro, and 
aggressive fare promotions during the period, partially offset by a rise in ancillary revenues. The growth in revenues 
was more than offset by 71% increase in fuel cost to €328 million. As a result of the above, operating margins were a 
negative 15% and the group reported an operating loss of 91.9 million. 

On to the balance sheet and this covers a nine-month period to the 31st of December. Gross cash decreased by 355 
million, primarily due to reduction in profitability and also delayed deliveries arising from the Boeing strike and the 
increase in fuel costs. 

The group generated cash from operating activities of 46.6 million and a further 169.6 million proceeds on the sale of 
eight Boeing 737-800 aircraft, which part funded a 46 million share buyback program and capital expenditure incurred 
during the period. Capital expenditure of €401.8 million largely consisted of advance aircraft payments for future 
deliveries and delivery of 12 new Boeing 737-800 aircraft. 

Long-term debt, net of repayments, decreased by 119.7 million during the period, and shareholders' equity at 31st 
December, 2008 increased by 104.8 million to 2.6 billion, compared to 31st of March, 2008 due to the impact of IFRS 
accounting treatment for derivative financial assets, pensions and stock options granted, offset by a 46 million share 
buyback and the post-exceptional loss of 23.4 million in the nine-month period. 

And that's a summary of the MD&A and balance sheets. 


Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, thanks, Howard. Okay. [inaudible], could you go ahead? We'll open up for questions and answers, please. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Stephen Furlong from Davy in Dublin. Please go 
ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Hello. Yes, Michael, could you might just remind me how the breakdown of the – the 
passenger breakdown by country is, presumably with all the expansion in Italy, but UK and Ireland is less of a 
percentage going forward. And secondly, just Mike just talk about how the forward booking curve is, particularly in 
terms of volumes. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. Okay, Steve, it depends on what you're talking about. If we're looking at our forecast 
into next year 


<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Yeah. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: ... certainly the percentage of Irish traffic will be declining. We'll be announcing in the next 
week or two some cutbacks in our Shannon and Dublin bases in response to the government travel tax, which is coming 
in on the 1st of April and it appears to be hitting certainly Irish bookings from the 1st of April onwards. 

The UK still has some growth in it, we still have some new bases there, our new bases last year, which are still 
developing. But the overwhelming majority of the growth in the coming year will be on the continent of Europe. And 
the second part of that question was what? 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Oh just on, how do you see forward bookings in terms of volumes [inaudible]. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. Forward bookings at the moment we're working about nearly more than two 
percentage points ahead of where we would normally be for this time of the year, which is slightly stronger. We're 
ahead of where we were at this time last year from February. We're also ahead of where we were at this time last year 
from March despite the fact that last year, Easter was in March. We don't have Easter in it this year. 

So I think you would see the benefit of our more aggressive pricing and our more aggressive pricing policy. We are – 
our advanced bookings are slightly higher, but we would still only expect to achieve the similar load factors to last 
year. What we're doing, in essence, is making sure that we're very aggressive far-out and then kind of closing off, as we 
get closer to the day of flights that we maintain our – we hit our targeted load factors. And we think the effect of that is 
being seen largely on competitor bookings, Aer Lingus, British Airways, many of our other competitors, including 
easyJet, if you strip out the GB comparables are all seeing – all reporting short-haul traffic declines. And frankly that's 
because people are simply switching away from easyJet, Aer Lingus, BA and others onto Ryanair. 

<Q - Stephen Furlong>: Pretty good. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from John Mattimoe from Merrion Stockbrokers. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Good afternoon. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: John, hi. 


<Q - John Mattimoe>: Hi. Michael, just in relation to the yield outlook, just a follow-up there. In relation to the 
summer, I presume you've got pretty little visibility at this stage. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yep. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: And going into next year, would you see maybe any seasonal factors in that maybe the 
summer, particularly with the Easter falling back into April, might be a little bit more resilient and then the winter 
being very tough to get to the kind of the minus 10 give or take picture you're guiding? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. John, it really is impossible to know, I mean we have almost no visibility beyond 
Easter, which is in the second week of April. I mean frankly at this stage we think that good guideline on yields next 
year will be something between minus 10 and minus 15%. I think that is the – the downturn and the recession across 
Europe remains where it is. I think that'll be accurate if it gets more too worse, the figures could be worse. And if 
there's a sudden rebound, it could be better than that. But we're just guessing at this stage. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Oh. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think we're better off to focus on what we know, and what we know is there would be very 
solid traffic growth from Ryanair next year. There will be a much improved cost performance not only because oil 
prices will – our hedging position would be significantly better next year, and also we expect to continue to see modest 
gains coming from modest declines in other operating costs largely associated with our ability to continue to grow 
volumes. And I think one of the key strengths we're seeing at the moment is how aggressive many airports are being – 
recognizing that Ryanair is one of the few airlines and then certainly in Europe it's going to grow over the next 12 
months, whereas many of our competitors are either cutting back capacity altogether or – some of our competitors are 
hanging around barbecues in Davos talking about no growth at all next year. Well, frankly, we prefer to be at work 
instead of bullshitting at barbecues delivering growth and that's going to reduce our cost next year, while most of our 
competitors will see their cost rise. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: And another thing I would point, Michael, could we see maybe one or two base 
announcements in the next year or two, that's could be base in airport that's – a couple of years ago might have been a 
very longshot for Ryanair's who got them deal those of? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Look, I mean everywhere – really people need to wake up a little bit this kind of bullshit 
analysis. You've seen in recent years, Ryanair opened up bases at Madrid, Ryanair for bases – in places like Madrid, 
we've added five to Gatwick. This nonsense put about by easyJet, and Ryanair somehow flies to all the secondary 
airports and they fly to the primary airports. And easily about five airports across Europe that easyJet flies that we 
don't. And in fact, in many cases, we fly to the better airport, in Belfast we're at Belfast City, and at Rome we're in 
Ciampino, we're at the closer airport. 

So I think – look, there is – are likely to be more bigger airport deals done in the next 12 months. It's impossible to say, 
John, but certainly I think for the first time in a number of years, we at this stage have a number of very large – of the 
bigger European airports around our radar, because they're being very aggressive on pricing. 

And the airport – the next base will be selected about the night before it gets announced. We don't plan another base 
announcement for a couple of weeks yet. So, yes, there's a real chance that you could see one of the – what we would 
have traditionally categorized as the high cost, old type of an inefficient airports like Zaventem or something like that. 

I think it's unlikely to be Zaventem, which is why I used the name. But that's very much a possibility, but ultimately the 
discipline – our discipline will continue with the next base – will be the base that offers us the best deal in terms of 
package, in terms of lowest cost and most efficient facilities. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And just – one other question is just in relation to the sterling issue. Just on sterling and 
in terms of the yield impact, is it mostly a translation? Are you seeing any stickiness on the yield side as a result maybe 
of having to promote more to get the UK originating traffic to travel in the norm as it used to before? And on the cost 
side, are you getting close with the level where the unit cost exposure to – from sterling is matching a good proportion 
of the sterling revenue? 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think it's fair to say that a large proportion of the unit costs are largely matched by a lot of 
the sterling unit revenues. We're seeing a lot of weakness on the sterling out of – on sterling both forward bookings. 
And I'll ask Michael to add to this. European, no at this stage, but we think it's still developing. And we – that weakness 
could yet emerge. I think once you get past Easter, we're seeing a much weakness on the sterling on the UK back into 
Ireland routes. 

We think Ireland is heading for a very dark year on the tourism front through a combination of the high cost at Dublin 
airport and this frankly insane suggestion by the government to lob a €10 visitor tax, more are already declining visitor 
numbers to this country. It starts on the 1st of April, but you know insanity in the Irish Government seems to go hand in 
hand at the moment. 

Michael, what's your view on the sterling bookings? 

<A - Michael Cawley>: I think – can you hear me, Michael? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah. 

<A - Michael Cawley>: I think you're right to highlight the Irish phenomenon, it's the combination of some weak 
demand. I think they're weighted to go into places like France and Spain, maybe where they have property and more 
recently Italy as well, is reasonably holding up every tide. Ireland is the primary weak area and a little bit from 
provincial UK to Eastern Europe. But London to Eastern Europe remains strong, but definitely Ireland is the key area 
of weakness there out of UK. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Yeah. Okay. Mike, just one last final question seen as you brought up the Irish Government to 
just in relation to their decision on Aer Lingus, have you any thoughts as to – regards to the future for your own stake 
in the company at this stage, particularly given the thoughts that you've articulated in the outlook for that company? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Well, I mean, we think the outlook of that company is remarkably bleak. And I think it will 
now be a matter for the Board to manage that company to explain again to shareholders how they've managed to turn 
down or reject an offer of €1.40, when prior to the offer the shares were less than €1 and after the offer the shares are 
back at less than €1. They'll be operating in the country. This year it's going to see a significant – they're already in 
traffic decline and operating in the country where there's going to be a massive tourism and traffic decline where they're 
unable to compete against Ryanair, but that's a matter for them. 

I think we came a lot closer at this time on the Aer Lingus offer than we did the last time. I don't think it was helped by 
the Irish Government. I mean I think it wasn't helped by the fact that they're back trying to talk to the social partners 
who are largely responsible for much of the fuckup in the public finance in this country at the moment. 

And one of the easy sacrifices was going to be to reject a Aer Lingus offer. It sadly condemns Aer Lingus citing to the 
next few years as a sub-sized, loss-making, peripheral airline going nowhere. From our point of view, I think we will 
continue to be a significant minority shareholder in Aer Lingus although sadly with very little influence over. And we 
don't have any plan for our stake other than to remain a significant minority shareholder – where somebody to come 
along and make us an offer, we would, as in all cases, consider each offer and its merits. But I would caution, I think 
there has been a lot of – far too much of an assumption that Ryanair will naturally come back again and make a bid for 
Aer Lingus. I think that's a very optimistic assumption. 

I think there's no guarantee that we will come back and revisit Aer Lingus again, because I think in two years' time 
there – we'll have significantly run down the cash pile, their business will be substantially loss making and the fact that 
the Board and management have no vision and no ability to run a profitable low-cost airline, will have sadly become all 
too apparent. I suspect that the future for Aer Lingus lies more going down the Waterford Wedgwood road than it does 
going down the Ryanair road. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. Thanks very much for that. 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: And I would suggest by the way, we're not making anybody, those analysts who come up 
with crazy evaluations suggesting that Aer Lingus is worth €2.80 should seriously go out and get a light, if it isn't worth 
the color of it. Anyways, next question, please. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jim Parker from Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Hi, Michael, good afternoon. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Hi, Jim. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: You mentioned in your comments, in the earnings release about how you expect strong revenue in 
the ancillary in the future from in-flight communications. Would you elaborate on that more than just the telephone? 
What are the sources and why do you think that? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I'd want – I'd want to tone this down, Jim. All the time we – as I said in the press release, we 
expect to be very small to start with. We start with a trial on just 20 Dublin-based aircraft. Within six months we expect 
to extend that trial to 40 aircraft and then have to confirm that we'll go fleet wide. Excuse me. 

In essence, I think it'll take us about a year to 18 months to have all of the fleet mobile enabled, in which case we 
believe we'll be making significant revenues, but not on significant annualized revenues from – from a share of the 
revenues coming from calls, text messaging, but ultimately being able to get into areas like – it may be – this is the way 
in which we can access payment mechanisms for things like the onboard entertainment and onboard gambling, that 
mobile telephony may be the way we can actually take payment for those kind of services. 

And it's only when we get to that stage, but it's a couple of years away that it could become a very significant and 
substantial earner for us. So for the moment, I think the best we can do is look, it'll be very small for the next 12 
months. But it's not insignificant and we think it may be the key that opens up in-flight entertainment and gambling for 
us. 

<Q - Jim Parker>: Okay. Duane has a question as well. 

<Q>: Hi, thanks. Just on your aircraft delivery schedule, looks like it's down net about 14 this year. Wondering if you 
could comment on the drivers of that, if any, beyond the Boeing strike. And then just in terms of your capacity growth, 
can you talk about the March quarter specifically, and any quarterly guidance you can give us for fiscal '10? Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Howard, do you want to take that one? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah, Duane, the delivery schedule is just behind because of the Boeing strike. So you're 
obviously looking at our schedule there and comparing to the previous one. So basically Boeing are catching up, but 
they're telling us that they won't be really caught up till sometime in mid-2010. 

And so until that happens, we're probably going behind. I expect that it'll probably be better enough other than I think 
the kind of the general downturn at the aviation industry will probably remain that some of the orders would be 
cancelled, and we may catch it up. But we have to go on the schedule that Boeing have given us. That's what we plan to 
run much. In terms of quarterly, we really can't give any guidance on next year numbers. It's just too early to say. 

<Q>: Fair enough. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Duane. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Andrew Light from Citigroup in London. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 


<Q - Andrew Light>: Hi, good afternoon. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: Hi, Andrew. 
<Q - Andrew Light>: Hi there. On the average yields being down 9%, that's a little better than your old minus 15 to 20 


guidance. Can you explain what you think the drivers of that, where pricing is at and is it expected? 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: So you were kind of – your line was slightly drifting in and out, but it was to why has it gone 
from minus 9% up to minus 20 in the fourth quarter? 
<Q - Andrew Light>: No. I'm sorry. Your previous guidance was minus 15 to minus 20. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah. 
<Q - Andrew Light>: The outlook was minus nine. I'm just trying to understand why it's been – it was better than 


expected? 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: I would <
A - Howard Millar>: Michael, it's minus 15 to minus 20 for the half-year. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: For the half-year. 
<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: I'd say, we will be somewhere around minus 20 for the second half of the year. The key 


drivers of that is the absence of Easter, the significant weakness of sterling from the back end of December. Yes, it was 
a little bit better than that, in between, in October through to December. But I think if you take it over the half, where 
our guidance was between minus 15 and minus 20, we'll be pretty much within that range for the half-year. 


<A - Howard Millar>: Michael, I think you were right. In the absence of the Easter issue, obviously, we always 
highlighted as having a much more – have meant that the last quarter was going to be significantly down as compared 
with the third quarter's comparison. And also we've cut capacity in Stansted to reflect maybe after we've given the 
guidance, maybe a little bit more. And that helped to boost or I that had left a reduction on the yields, I guess. 


<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yes, I think like largely, the absence – in Q4, it's absence of Easter and the weakness of 
pound sterling. 


<Q - Andrew Light>: Yeah. 
<A - Michael O'Leary>: Remember, we have a significant amount of sterling traffic, but report in euros. So it hasn't – 
damn, it impacts our numbers, whereas for example, easyJet however occupationally boosted by having significant 
euro revenues, but reporting in sterling. 


<Q - Andrew Light>: All right. I've got a question to Howard. Can you just give an idea of the proportion of your cash 
with floating rates and the proportion of your debt and leases of the floating rate? I want to just understand to what 
extent your mismatch helps? 


<A - Howard Millar>: At the moment, we're very – we've no fixed rates yet. It's all floating. 
<Q - Andrew Light>: On cash? 
<A - Howard Millar>: On the cash, cash is all – it can be short-term deposits. We've changed our deposit profile. 


Generally it's three-month type deposits. 
<Q - Andrew Light>: Okay. And the leases, are they all fixed as well? 
<A - Howard Millar>: The vast majority of the leases are fixed. I would say 80% of the leases are fixed, and 20% are 


floating. 



<Q - Andrew Light>: Final question on 


<A - Howard Millar>: The rates obviously are very attractive given that we manage to set them – most of them 
overlap three or four years. We've really only started into sale and leasebacks in from 2004 on and we managed to get 
some very, very attractive lease rates. You can remember that's the reason we went into the sale and leaseback market 
because we got some very attractive rates. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: Okay. The final question on US dollar hedging. How far out has that dollar hedged the euros? 

<A - Howard Millar>: CapEx is all out, virtually out to the end of the Boeing order, which ends in March 2012, 
actually runs out in December 2011. Operating expenses, we've got about 18 months hedged forward. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: At 150. 

<A - Howard Millar>: It's slightly below that. It's almost 150, I think it's 148.5. 

<Q - Andrew Light>: Okay. Thanks very much indeed for that. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Andrew. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Jonathan Wober with Société Générale in London. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Thanks, couple of questions. Firstly on your guidance for this year, March '09. If I'm working 
the numbers out right, it seems to imply that in Q4 unit costs, excluding fuel, will go up of having been down in the 
first three quarters. Is that right, and if so what's the reason for that? 

And then second question, for the 181 aircraft in the fleet at the end of the year, what would be the split between leased 
and owned and the same question for 2010 year-end as well. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah, let me work our way back. Q4 unit costs; no, we would expect those to fall slightly. 
We're still – I mean remember we still have some unhedged fuel out there. So we can't be definitive yet on what the 
fuel position will be for the end of year. 

And, so at the moment in the guidance there's still little bit to go in terms of yields and fuel, but we would expect unit 
cost in Q4 will be marginally, no sorry I was wrong. Given the cost in Q4 will be marginally up, that's right. Some of 
that, which will be the recruitment of pilots and cabinet pilots, cabin crew. And we take delivery of aircraft, which 
won't be – start flying until April and May. So, you have some of those lines like the staff, the aircraft will be slightly – 
will be up slightly in the Q4, which is normal in Q4. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah. I think, Michael, what we said and we're pretty much on target was that unit costs will be 

– were down 6% in the half-year. And we think for the year-end we probably end up at being at those 3% non-fuel 
operating costs. 
In terms of that on the fleet, we have about 25% of our fleets on operating lease. And we expect that for the end of 
March 2010, we probably would be somewhere in the number. So, at the moment it's about – it's 45 aircraft out of 181. 
And depending on how our Boeing delivery to pan out in March 2010, I would expect the same ratio to fly, about 25% 
on operating lease. 

<Q - Jonathan Wober>: Thanks very much. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Jonathan. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from Joe Gill from Bloxham in Dublin. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Thanks, good afternoon. And just in relation to capacity and passenger growth, you're targeting 67 
million passengers, up 16% out to March 2010. And do you have flexibility in terms of your delivery program in the 
winter months around that or at this stage we take it that you're fairly targeted on growing by 15, 16% despite the way 
the economy is starting to develop? 

And secondly in relation to the largest subject of the aircraft market and the potential large aircraft order, would you 
just give us a view in terms of what you're thinking in that at the moment. Is the development of the economy making 
you less or more in claims to look at that and what way do you think the manufacturers will be behaving in the 
marketplace. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Joe. As you know, our capacity growth is largely fixed within 24 months. So we 
don't have much, if we can move deliveries by a month or two, but not by a lot, nor would we have any great desire to 
take or to move those deliveries. We do pass our agreement to Boeing is that we do take a significant number of 
deliveries during the winter period. 

There is a cost penalty to that, but that's reflected in the exceptional pricing we agreed with Boeing. It does mean that 
we – it does however give us the opportunity to gear up. The pilots, the cabin crew will be ready to launch bases. Our 
new routes and bases come March, April and May. 

Our guidance for next year at this stage and we're still finalizing traffic budgets will be about 67 million passengers 
next year. And I think that is deliverable during summer and winter. Much of it though will be driven in the next 12 
months by the extent to which the flags and the second-tier or the bankrupt carriers either cut back capacity or go out of 
business. And we expect given that many of our competitors have already hedged their fuel next year at significantly 
higher prices than us, the downturn in the economic environment and the yield did a demonstrable switching of 
consumers away from higher fare airlines towards Ryanair. 

We think there's a fair chance that we're fairly confident that we would hit our traffic guidance in the next 12 months. 
Clearly, what we can't, we can only guesstimate at the moment at what prices. And I think if you take a figure of 
something slightly bigger – a yield decline of over 10% in matter already, Europe's large or Europe's lowest fares by a 
distance, I think it'd be very surprising, it would be an extraordinary set of economic factors that would create a lower 
than – that would create a bigger yield decline than that. So, I think that would tend to be at this point in time our most 
conservative view. 

But then clearly, like everybody else we've been surprised by the speed and the decline of the financial crisis in the last 
three or four months ourselves. 

In terms of aircraft order, it's not really driven by the Irish or the European economy. We are very – we have initiated 
talks with both Airbus and Boeing pre-Christmas. They didn't really go anywhere, although we're still in dialog with 
both Airbus and Boeing. Both of them prior to Christmas saying well, they have good orders for last year. The delay 
order book out to the next two or three years is strong, it's robust. Yes, they may take some bankruptcies and some 
cancellations, but they think that their order books will hold up. We hold a different view. 

I think we're simply at a stage now where we want to be in continuing dialog with both Airbus and Boeing. We hope 
those dialogs will continue through, I would say to the middle of this year. And I would think maybe if by the middle 
of this year Boeing and Airbus haven't announced significant new orders, then the opportunity for a significant Ryanair 
order might present itself, maybe towards the middle or back end of this year. 

We don't need to order any more aircraft at the moment, as I said, we already have all the fleet we need out to 2012. 
But if the opportunity arose, clearly we have the cash to be able to put down a very large order. I was struck last week 
by Boeing's announcement that they delivered about 500 aircraft in 2008. And they expect their orders for this year to 
be slightly somewhat lower than that was. We would – certainly I think we're in the market for another very significant 


aircraft order. 

It's of the question, there is not much point. We can't do anything until one or other or both of the manufacturers decide 
that they wants to put – win a large order from us. I think the market and the general, economic environment in the 
market is moving in our direction. It may not always be like that through this year, but we're very comfortable where 
we are. And we hope that the dialog with both Airbus and Boeing will continue. 

<Q - Joe Gill>: Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Joe. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Samantha Gleave from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Samantha Gleave>: Thank you, good afternoon. Just to follow-up on non-fuel operating costs. I am just thinking 
a bit further out. Can you give us a feel for the extent of potential unit cost savings that could be achieved next year and 
in what particular areas? And secondly, just clarifying the foreign exchange dollar hedging position for 2010, what 
portion of your dollar costs are hedged, is it all of it at 1.50? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Howard, you would take the last one first, the dollar hedging? 

<A - Howard Millar>: We have hedged about 90% of our dollar costs, obviously because we have hedge accounting, 
we have to be very careful in terms of managing the level and extent of cover that we have. But we would say that we 
have about 90% of our operating costs hedged for the dollar. 

<Q - Samantha Gleave>: Exactly. 

<A - Howard Millar>: You want to talk about the unit cost then? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think it's about – I would say at this stage, Howard, we would plan the unit – ex non-fuel 
unit costs, our target for 2010, we haven't finalized the budgets yet because a lot of the airport discussion is still 
ongoing, Samantha, would be to target again, back to our normal 5% reduction in non-fuel unit costs. 

The big areas in that will be obviously airport and handling costs. Some of the handling depends on our ability to roll 
out more of their kiosk and web check-in, but you'll see developments from us on that later this year. A lot of that will 
depend on the extent to which we cut back flights and capacity at expensive airports like Dublin and Stansted. 

We are giving serious consideration to not just a pay freeze this year, but there may be some pay reduction, pay cuts, 
and maybe some staff cuts within the organization. Now that we are looking at that, at the moment, we haven't yet 
taken any decisions on that. So I think, in almost all areas, with the possible exception of route charges whereas you 
know Eurocontrol operates in a different universe altogether from the real world. 

I would be very hopeful that in all cases, aircraft, airport handling, staff and certainly sales marketing, you will see 
reductions in unit operating costs over the next 12 months. 

<Q - Samantha Gleave>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Sam. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tim Marshall from UBS in London. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Tim Marshall>: Thank you. Just a couple of questions on the average fare. I wonder, Howard, maybe you can 
give us the Q3 average fare at constant currency? And then, just a second question on the Q4 guidance, if we take it at 


constant currency, and if you were to exclude what you expect the impact of Easter to be, how would that compare to 
the kind of minus 20% that you're suggesting today? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Well, it's almost impossible [inaudible] maybe Howard, if you can give us the average fare at 
the constant currency? 

<A - Howard Millar>: [inaudible]. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: [inaudible]. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah, I think the question is, really what would be the impact of sterling given that we have a 
huge amount of euro-based business? 

<Q - Tim Marshall>: Yeah. 

<A - Howard Millar>: I would attribute it, between four to 5% of the fall in average fare is due to the impact of 
sterling. And I would think that up to 20% at the time that we are looking at in the fourth quarter, I think it will be 
something similar. 

<Q - Tim Marshall>: And is it right that the sector length was actually down 3% in the third quarter, so that would 
again have an impact on the average fare? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yes, sector length was down as well in the third quarter. 

<Q - Tim Marshall>: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Okay. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Tim. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Neil Glynn from NCB Stockbrokers. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Hi, good afternoon guys. Just four quick ones, if I may. The first one in relation to your 
expectations for your competitors' capacity development over the next 12 months or so, what kind of decline 
year-on-year are you currently factoring into your thinking, particularly, obviously in relation to the yield guidance? 

And then in relation to baggage penetration rates, you've obviously highlighted that they continue to fall. Can you 
advise where we are at with that now and how your progress is in line with expectations in terms of benefiting the 
bottom line on that? And also if you would confirm the CapEx figure for the end of 2009 and March 2010 if possible? 
Then finally, in relation to the volume growth next year, you've highlighted a growth of 16%. Does that include your 
current thinking in relation to potential cuts at Dublin and Shannon in reaction to the air travel tax that you've 
mentioned? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay. I'll do the three. Howard, will you get the CapEx figures ready? Neil, we never factor 
in competitors' capacity development into our plans. We are pretty much indifferent to competitors' capacity whether 
they add or they subtract. Our plans are always based on our capacity growth. Next year it will be something in the 
order between 16 and 18%. 

We will lower our fares by whatever it will takes to fill that capacity and maintain our load factors pretty constant, and 
frankly, whereas capacity – competitor capacity reductions may help, they may make the yield environment somewhat 
better than our fairly conservative assumptions, if you like that's an added bonus that will emerge during the year. It's 
not something we would ever base a budget on. And, or you look around, I think it's fair to say most of the flags, the 
BAs, the Air Frances, Lufthansa, if you're looking at capacity, certainly in the case of BA, capacity cuts of something 
between zero and minus 5%. 


easyJet, although it's hard to know whether Stelios is rolling the plates or the management are rolling the plates, but it 
looks like that their capacity growth next year would be pretty flat, although a lot of their numbers are distorted by the 
fact that GB acquisition is included in this year's numbers, but not from the prior year comparable. I think from 
February onwards that reverses itself. 

And Aer Lingus, I mean, I would guess there will be a small capacity reduction out of Ireland so that they can flip some 
of the capacity – flip-flop some of that capacity back into Shannon. And then I understand, we understand they're now 
going to, a reasonably new strategy of leasing slots and leasing aircraft to run a base or a base in Gatwick, which should 
be another loss making operation in addition to the Belfast base. 

Baggage penetration rates continue to decline. At various stages they're hovering at the moment between 25 and 40%, 
so I'd take of checked-in bags. We intend to again increase the baggage check-in fees, the checked-in bag fees 
sometime in the next number of weeks to try to drive it down even further below 25%. 

One thing we are seeing though is an attempt by number of quite high proportion of passengers now to show up with 
about two or three carry-on bags, and I think you'll see us get very aggressive with that in the next month or two as 
well. I think by the time we move out spring into summer, we will be getting much tougher on passengers, only 
allowing them get on board with one carry-on bag and if they have two or three, they better all put it into one, 
otherwise it's not going onboard. 

And again, that's not for any kind of cost reduction, we – just to make sure we can maintain quick turnaround. We have 
had suffering some flight delays with some passengers adopting the American model of waddling on with three and 
four bloody carry-on bags and taking all day to get them into the overhead bins. We will tackle that again in the next 
couple of weeks. 

Volume growth next year 16%, I think we would be very confident that we'll hit that figure. But obviously, a lot of that 
confidence is to what – at average fare and yields. But I think it is key to our model that we are going to grow strongly 
the next 12 months. That's one of the areas why I think we're going to see such – we're getting such aggressive pricing 
being offered to us by airports and handling companies across Europe at the moment. I mean, particularly, in a place 
like Spain where Vueling are looking at maybe a double-digit traffic decline over last year and into next year. 

All of the sudden, even the likes of Vueling are getting very price competitive. So the way for us to continue to reduce 
operating cost or unit cost is to continue to grow at a time when everybody else is either reducing capacity or freezing 
capacity. And the way for us to get the best deal on aircraft is for us to continue to grow and order more aircraft at a 
time when everybody else is either losing money or cutting capacity. So I think the volume growth next year we're 
confident of, but obviously no visibility yet on yields. 

Howard, do you want to give the CapEx figures '09 and '10? 

<A - Howard Millar>: Yeah. So, in March '09, we'd expect the number will come out at €600 million, and next year 
because we've had our deliveries delayed from Boeing, we expect to take delivery of a 54 aircraft and the gross CapEx 
including advanced deposits of just shy of 1.2 billion. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: And that's euro, is it? 

<A - Howard Millar>: That's euro, yeah. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Great. If I could just follow-up now, maybe you won't answer this. But is it possible to give some 
kind of an indication as to what these lower bag charges are actually doing to the bottom line? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: You mean higher bag charges? 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Sorry, lower bag penetration rates. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Yeah, I mean, it's very – it's difficult to know at the moment, like where you see that – I 
mean we're seeing no impact of it on yield at the moment although obviously yields are declining. Now how much of 
that is down to the recession, lack of consumer confidence, how much of it is due to passenger kickback on bags, we 


think very little. 

There is certainly a kickback on bags, which is what we want to achieve. We want to force more and more. If we can 
get our checked-in bags down below 25%, you're going to see us be much more aggressive on airport costs and 
handling costs. I mean, for example, you take Dublin airport, who are presently building not just a second terminal, but 
a second terminal – a separate building in front of this second terminal, which is for check-in area, for deep-queuing, 
check-in spaces. Now that's the kind of waste that these guys are engaged in at a time when the whole world is moving 
towards web check-in, kiosks check-in and there is no need for queuing spaces at all. 

But we're having a debate at the moment for example with Frankfurt-Hahn, one of the areas where we can share major 
cost savings; maybe we'll have no physical check-in in Frankfurt-Hahn at all. We could just put in kiosks there and 
migrate how people to, where checking in on the web or using kiosks. 

One of the developments we will be announcing very shortly will be permitting passengers with checked-in bags, to 
use web-check-in, that web check-in facility. So these are developments we'd be targeting over the next couple of 
months. But there is absolutely no doubt whereas we can't determine whether it has any impact on yield if we don't 
have a very significant impact on our cost reduction in the airport and the handling cost lines. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Right. Thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: And over the medium term then, we'll have a different debate. I mean for example with 
airports, we don't know who the new owner at Stansted airport will be. But as you know, the BAA are planning, 
proposing to build a second terminal for something in the order of about £4 billion. We now, if we can't get down to 
25% of our passengers with checked-in bags, believe we can build a similar 35 to 40 million passenger capacity 
terminal for less than £200 million. 

So we're talking about a major revolution in the way airports are designed. Passengers certainly prefer if they can show 
up a lot closer to their departure time, they don't have to hang around the check-in desk. They just go straight through 
security, go down and get on the flight. And I think it will be – the other attraction of that is it would significantly 
reduce passenger dwell time at airports and put significant downward pressure on things like airport retailing and 
airport duty-free spending, something that would make a lot of inefficient monopoly airports or force them to get lot 
more efficient and begin to work with airlines like Ryanair. 

<Q - Neil Glynn>: Great, thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks, Neil. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Andrew Summerfield from AON in London. Please go ahead. Your line is open. That 
question has been withdrawn. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Travis Anderson. Please go ahead 
with your question, announcing your company name. 

<Q - Travis Anderson>: Hi, Travis Anderson, Gilder Gagnon Howe in New York. Given the lousy prospects that 
you're enumerating for Aer Lingus, why don't you sell the stock? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: The honest answer I don't think there is a buyer for it out there. We have, Aer Lingus has 
been in place since the 1st of December, we made what we consider to be a very generous offer, although some 
analysts in this town and it followed then by some politicians believe, it wasn't – we didn't fully value Aer Lingus, but 
didn't see anybody else coming out of the woodwork to offer 303 – three quarters of billion euros for a loss making 
airline. 

As I said, if somebody else was to come up, put an offer, Travis, we would to give a serious consideration. I wouldn't 
say it will be wrong for us to say that we would never sell our stake in Aer Lingus, we would anytime somebody was to 
make an offer we'll give a serious consideration. But in the absence of any other offer, and in the light of an airline 


that's clearly losing money and going nowhere in hurry, I'm afraid, we'll have to continue to write-down our stake in 
Aer Lingus as will the government and all of the other shareholders who didn't decide not to accept our recent offer. 

<Q - Travis Anderson>: Actually first, whether you have the cash? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I would rather, in retrospect, I have the cash as well, Travis, but we don't. And I think we are 
where we are. I think all I would don't want, really want people to focus on Aer Lingus is we didn't spend a lot of time 
on the Aer Lingus offer this time around. As you will see from our December traffic figures and the January traffic 
figures, which we get announced tomorrow, we certainly haven't allowed it to distract us from continuing to deliver 
rapid traffic growth. And we're going to get on with having meant to rejected this time maybe for the last time, who 
knows? I think we're going to focus now on a very aggressively competing with Aer Lingus for the next year or two. If 
we don't, clearly they can compete with us. I think we will try to build out some of the Irish operation. 

But, I think most of the focus in Ireland for next year, both, certainly within Ryanair and I imagine with Aer Lingus as 
well, will be cutting back marginal routes or marginal flights, where, and if you take, for example, the Shannon base, 
for a large portion of the year, the average fare paid by passenger at the Shannon is less than €10, and then the 
government comes along and decides on the 1st of April, next year, in three months time, they're going to slap a €10 
tax on us. These people simply won't come to Ireland if their fare is about to be increased by more than 100% by an 
idiot measure launched by the Irish Government. 

And the travel taxes have already failed in the UK. They have created the first decline in UK traffic in something like 
30 years. They have already failed in Holland, which is now lost into traffic declines following the introduction of a 
travel tax, dressed up as of an environmental measure. 

Thankfully, the Belgians who don't get much rise, the Belgian government saw the error, the ways and having proposed 
the travel tax have now taken it away. We're still campaigning aggressively here in Ireland for the Irish government to 
take away this stupid travel tax, which is nothing, more than tourism suicide. 

But as far as Aer Lingus stake, Travis, I'm afraid, we have written it down. I suspect we have to write it down again, 
has paid the full year when I believe the value of an Aer Lingus share will be significantly less than €1. But it'll be what 
it will be and other than that, we remained a large minority shareholder. But we wouldn't rule out somebody else 
making an offer and if it was an offer that was a fair value, I wouldn't rule out accepting it. 

<Q - Travis Anderson>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Wyn Ellis from Numis Securities in London. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Thanks. Hi, good afternoon. First of all an apology, I missed the number that Howard gave for the 
impact of sterling on yields. And secondly, I just wondered if you could break down the traffic. How much of new 
traffic is now Irish originating, how much is originating in UK and within that, how much is UK to Ireland, and then 
how much is originating on mainland Europe? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: We don't give that level of analysis. The Irish originating traffic is less than 15%. I think 
although Michael might correct me, I think Ireland and UK combined originating traffic is less than 40%, but we don't 
split it down any lower than that. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Okay. That's helpful. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Michael, are you happy about to figure the 40% amount in UK? 

<A - Michael Cawley>: Yeah, that's just about 40. I mean a significant – so one figure we have said there, Michael, is 
that we expect the Italian traffic to be more than 15% originating in the Europe, given our new factory we've put in 


there now and other markets like Spain, coming up towards 10% as well. That's originating out of Spain now. You 
know. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Yeah. 

<A - Michael Cawley>: So those are significant movements as far as, and it's emphasizing the points made earlier on 
when both – the concentrations of our growth in euro land, in particular, in continental Europe. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Correct. And the number one yield that I just missed from Howard? 

<A - Howard Millar>: In terms of the third quarter, a 9% decline in yields we said, about four to 5% of that was due to 
the impact of the sterling movements against the euro. 

<Q - Wyn Ellis>: Okay, thanks very much. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks very much Wyn. 

<A - Michael Cawley>: Michael, would you excuse me? I have to go earlier. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay. Michael, thanks very much. 

<A - Michael Cawley>: Yes, bye-bye. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: [inaudible], any more questions? 

Operator 

We have no further questions at this time. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. We'd like to thank you again for joining us on the conference call today. As you know, we're not doing a 
roadshow. We don't on the first and third quarters, but if anybody has any follow-up questions, I would like to complete 
this at Dublin, please feel free to do so. 

I think if I can leave you with a couple of thoughts. One clearly, the Aer Lingus offer is out of the way and off the 
table. So we are now focused that we can return to focusing well in advance of the year on running the business and 
growing it strongly, two, traffic growth has been very strong and will continue to be very strong, partly because we are 
continuing to lower air fares, and partly because most of the rest of the competition is either consolidating, causing 
capacity or going bust, and that will continue. 

And thirdly, I think if you strip out oil, you are seeing us continued to be very disciplined in the – by delivering unit 
cost reductions. And we expect that trend to continue out into next year as well, wherein all though it will clearly be 
significantly enhanced by a large decline or large comparable decline in our oil prices. 

So overall, I think we're looking forward to the next 12 months. It's clearly going to be very difficult economic 
environment. That difficult economic environment though is very good for Ryanair's growth because we are by far in a 
way and by some distance the lowest cost operator. It will be very good for our profitability next year, but the extent to 
which we can capture some or all of that €500 million saving in oil will largely depend on the outturn on yields and 
much of that will depend on the combination of the economic environment and how much capacity will switch away 
from high cost airports, such as the Irish and – Ireland and Stansted, and how much capacity will be taken out by 
competitors, and then obviously what kind of opportunities will unfold for us at other European airports, both large and 
small, although clearly the – I wouldn't rule out the continuing growth at secondary airports where a lot of the 
regulatory uncertainty has now been removed by the victory at the European Court of First Instance in December over 
the European Commission on the Charleroi case. 


Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much again. If anybody wants to come to us and to talk to us in the next couple 
of days, please feel free to do so. And or, if you just want to talk to us with questions, please feel free to have a call 
myself, Howard, Michael or David in the Head of Investor Relations team. Okay folks. Thank you very much. Thank 
you [inaudible] for your help. Bye-bye everybody. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect 
your lines. Goodbye. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2009, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


