FY 2006 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 
• Howard Millar, Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• James Parker 
• John Mattimoe 
• Mannie Larchet 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ryanair Full Year Results. At this time 
all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. 

I would now like to hand over to your host, Mr. Mike O'Leary. Please go ahead, sir. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Hi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. You are welcome to the Ryanair full year results conference call. Apologies, 
we were on the line here, we just came through on a different PIN number. We have Howard Millar here in London. 
Michael Cawley is joining us from the US, and the other members of the road show team, including Sean Coyle and 
Jimmy Dempsey, are calling in from – are calling in from the other points in Europe and the US where they are today. 

We will try and run through this pretty quickly, since we have had the analysts' conference call that's been webcast. It's 
on the page together with the results, the press release and the detailed investor slide presentations are all on the 
website, the Investor Relations page of the website. So anybody who hasn't got them, I'd urge you to go there. You will 
find some more incredible fare offers from us. 

We are delighted to announce a record profit, €401 million. They are up 33% from the previous year due to traffic 
growth of 22%, a yield increase of 7%, as well as unit costs increased 9%. This is largely due to 50% increases in the 
fuel costs. I think, we have had another year of very significant achievement. We are obviously very proud of the profit 
growth, the 33%, to 401 million. Traffic goes up 22%, maintaining that disciplined rate of growth we've established 
over many years. We've acquired over the year 30 new aircrafts. We opened 153 new routes, including three new bases 
at Marseille, Madrid and Bremen. And have still recorded record profits despite a 50% increase in the fuel bills at 693 
million. 

As you have come to expect from us, we continue to deliver exceptional customer service. Our punctuality has 
improved further as we retain our position of number one for pricing, punctuality, fewest complaints and fewest 
cancellation and fewest lost bags. The price gap between Ryanair and the competition is getting wider, as most of our 
competitors in Europe increase fares and slap on fuel surcharges. We purchased 25% of Aer Lingus and have made an 
offer or wish to make an offer for the balance subject to competition approval from the European authorities. And 
we've strengthened the balance sheet with the year end cash of 2.2 billion. 


I don't have much more to add other than that of the – on the current ones. We are suffering significant cost increases 
this year, primarily as a result of the abject failure of the regulatory – airport regulatory regime here in the UK and in 
Dublin. 

In Stansted on the 1 of April, the BAA airport monopoly doubled our effective airport charges at Stansted for Ryanair 
and most of the other Stansted airlines. We think this is another clear demonstration of the failure of the regulatory 
regime, airport regulatory regime here in the UK, the urgent need for the break-up of the BAA monopoly and allow 
competition to improve facilities and lower prices where clearly the CAA's regulatory regime has blatantly failed. 

A similar situation applies in Dublin. We are continuing to oppose the Dublin Airport Authority's ludicrous plan to 
waste €800 million on a second terminal, which we believe Frankfurt-Hahn can build a similar-sized terminal for about 
€60 million. Ryanair has a plan to build a similar-sized terminal for about under €200 million at Dublin, and there is no 
justification for wasting this kind of money on a second terminal at Dublin. Other than, again, that the regulatory 
regime incentivizes these regulated monopolies to waste astonishing amounts of money on unnecessary CapEx, simply 
so they can increase the income stream from their inflated CapEx, inflated capital expenditure. 

As you know, the European Commission is currently reviewing our proposed offer for Aer Lingus. We now expect that 
in July they will prohibit Ryanair from making an offer for or acquiring Aer Lingus. We think this will reverse 20 years 
of European – of our European airline consolidation. It will fly in the face of the precedent decisions, where effectively 
the European Commission rubber stamped Air France's acquisition of KLM, Lufthansa's acquisition of Swiss and 
Eurowings, and increasingly domestic competition approval in the UK most recently for Flybe's acquisition of BA 
Connect, in Germany for Air Berlin's acquisition of Deutsche BA and LTU. And we are quite sure it will fly in the face 
of what will be the subsequent approval by Brussels for takeovers of Alitalia and Iberia. 

The only thing that distinguishes the Ryanair offer is that it is opposed by the Irish government, but we don't believe 
this is a fair reasonable ground for rejecting our offer. There is absolutely no doubt in our mind and we think the case 
file is quite clear in demonstrating that there are no barriers to entry at Dublin Airport. I think the very fact that Ryanair 
has doubled in size at Dublin Airport from 10 to 20 aircraft over the last 18 months is conclusive proof of that. Dublin 
Airport continues to expand its facilities. And, again, the case file evidence demonstrates that many other airlines, the 
British Airways, Lufthansa, Air France, easyJet have all confirmed that there are no barriers to entry to Dublin Airport. 
There really is no ground for competition concerns where Ryanair acquires Aer Lingus, two airlines, which together 
would account for less than 5% of inter-EU traffic. And the fact that the – if the Commission does rule or prohibit this 
takeover, it will in our eyes be a clearly political decision. It certainly won't be a decision based on either competition 
grounds or on the consumer interest. 

In an attempt to encourage or to persuade the Commission to approve the bid, we made very significant remedies 
offers, including guaranteeing to reduce Aer Lingus' average fare and fuel surcharges by €100 million per annum. We 
have offered to transfer Aer Lingus slots, the most valuable in the world, to other airline to enter the Dublin-Heathrow 
route, including British Airways and Air France. And we've also uniquely offered to handover a significant proportion 
of Aer Lingus and Ryanair slots at Dublin Airport to allow for a new entrant airliner airline space, anything up to 10 
new aircraft in Dublin to offer competition with the merged entity. 

And it appears that no matter what we offer, the European Commission is not interested despite the fact that there are 
clearly no barriers to entry. They seem determined to reject or turn down this offer, which again in our mind flies in the 
face of the new EU-US open skies treaty, and where many other competition authorities, both in Europe and 
domestically within Europe, have found that there is free entry and exit into the airline market, that there is a record of 
frequent entry and exit by airlines. Yet uniquely in Dublin, it appears that the two Irish airlines won't be allowed to 
merge where the EU authorities seem to be approving airline mergers all over the rest of the continent. However, we 
expect a prohibition in July. If we get – if they attempt to prohibit the offer, we will refer that to the European Court 
and see to overturn the decision at the European Court, where we believe we'd have a very strong case on the basis of 
the evidence that already exists in the case file. 

As I have said, we have launched a – the business model continues to be very strongly cash generative. We have 
launched this morning a shareholder – our share buyback program. We have talked about it with many of the US 


investors over the last 18 months. We've veered away from a decision on a dividend, simply because the business is 
cyclical and capital intensive. We don't think that there is a reliable stream of income there to sustain a dividend. We do 
believe, however, that by purchasing back of the €300 million worth of shares at the present time will be strongly 
earnings generative for shareholders. And by retiring about 3% -- to retiring and cancelling some 3% of the stock, the 
remaining shareholders will continue to see an enhancement in their – in the earnings per share and hopefully in the 
price earnings multiple. 

That buyback is not obligatory on us. At the moment, we intend, subject to the share price, probably to launch it any 
time after the 7 of June, but there is no requirement on us to complete it within the open period. We will buy up to, as I 
said, €300 million worth of shares if we think it makes sense for our shareholders to do so. If we don't, and for some 
reason the share price spikes upwards, we may not do it this time around, but we continue to keep it under review. 

More significantly, as we indicated at the release of the April traffic stats last month, the market has suddenly got 
faster. We were enjoying a strong traffic – a strong growth in a benign – relatively benign yield environment through 
January, February and March. Looking out into April/May, things have begun to soften with both yields and load factor 
slightly down than our expectations. We have responded aggressively over recent weeks with fare promotions, seat 
sales, free seat giveaways, and more recently two weeks ago a unique, in Europe anyway, a unique lower price 
guarantee. If any passenger can find a lower fare than Ryanair on any city fare in Europe where we fly, with subject to 
certain terms and conditions, we will refund them double the difference. And we are pleased to say we have had to 
refund remarkably few passengers so far, simply because our fares are so much lower than the competition. 

But it's no doubt that in my mind, some of these seat promotions and fare wars will be self fulfilling and, therefore, as 
you will see this morning in our guidance, we are pretty cautious for the coming year. We are now guiding that yields 
will fall this year by about 5%, if you remember last year they rose by 7%. They will fall by about 5% from – up to 5%. 
Howard has got that quite right, up to 5%. If that is correct, we then expect that the profit growth for the next 12 
months will be of the order of about 5% on this morning's record numbers. 

I do though – it's important to put this in context, the markets are softer than we expected. There isn't any great 
collapse. The traffic growth continues to be strong. We released the May traffic figures this morning. We showed 17% 
in traffic growth and we suspect that will continue to be the case through December peak. 

But – the more we engage in price cuts and price wars and price guarantees, the more it's inevitable that we force the 
competition to – they can never match us, but at least to follow us. And we saw that yesterday with easyJet launching a 
remarkably ineffective price guarantee where they are now effectively offering to refund double the difference for any 
passenger that can find a cheaper fare than easyJet, but on an airport fare basis. So whereas, for example, in the Ryanair 
price guarantee, if you could find a cheaper fare from any London airport to any Milan airport, we refund you double 
the difference. With easyJet guarantee, if you can find a cheaper fare from Gatwick to Milan -- I think, it's Malpensa. I 
think they may well be the only airline on that route, although I stand to be corrected, they will refund you double the 
difference. But if they are the only airline on the route, you are unlikely to find a lower fare from any other airline 
operating the city airport fare route. But, it is a good indication of the fact that prices are falling, yields are going to be 
softer. Ryanair is leading the price war. We are seeing significant bookings – forward bookings from passengers, given 
particularly the coverage we are attracting from these new lower fares, free seats and the price guarantee we expect that 
to continue through the summer. 

Having said that, we would expect profits to continue to grow over the first two quarters compared to last year. But 
where we really are concerned and where we are kind of very cautious is the two winter quarters. We have no visibility 
on bookings or yield for the two winter quarters at this stage. At the moment, we are kind of guiding that they will be 
breakeven, but with very little movement on yields and fares. They could be loss making quarters three and four. So I 
think what you will see within that, our guidance of profit growth of 5 percentage here, slightly stronger profit growth 
in the first two quarters and a profit decline or maybe even losses in the two winter quarters. 

Other than that, again, I'd remind you that these are short term – historically, these have always been short term market 
events. We have responded aggressively to them in the past. We will continue to respond aggressively to them in the – 
currently, and we think we still remain confident that over the medium term, i.e., the next five years that our traffic and 


profits will double. 

One of the other features you are going to see, and I am sure we'll deal with in the conference call, is the unit costs over 
the next 12 months we expect to rise by something of the order of 6, 7%. That will match the growth in the sector 
length, which is about 7% for the coming year. But there is an underlying cost problem there which we believe would 
be once-off this year. We have a doubling of Stansted Airport charges here on the 1st of April. We are suffering, as 
well as the market is being impacted by the doubling of APD, which is the airport departure taxes, here in the UK. 
Dublin Airport charges are rising this year, unjustified given that there is very little CapEx going on in Dublin. 

And the cabin crew, the Irish Government introduced or applied the rule – the European Working Time Directive to all 
our cabin crew with effect by statutory use, with effect from the 1 of January 2007, a number of years earlier than they 
were obliged to do so. And that would require us to increase the crewing ratio, cabin crew this year from four to five 
crews per aircraft. That increase in the crewing ratio added to the growth in the aircraft, means we will be recruiting 
something in the order of 1,800 cabin crew over the next 12 months as opposed to what would have been just to 
maintain for – to account for the growth, it would have been about half of that figure. 

Again, so we expect unit costs to rise by about 7% this year to sector length of around 7%, yields to fall by up to 5%, 
and accordingly to give our guidance on profits, we expect over the next 12 months to rise by about 5%. But, put 
together with last year's 30% increase in after tax profit, we will still be strongly profitable over the two year period. 

Over the coming year, we will increase the fleet by a net of 30 aircraft. We have commenced the planned disposal 
program. We have already sold five aircraft which were the first ones delivered in 1999. We signed up a MoU last 
week to deliver another 15 aircraft. These will be very profitable disposal from a Ryanair point of view. But won't 
affect the profit, because we will recognize this in future years as an exceptional item, but it will have a significant 
impact on strengthening the balance sheet, in particular the cash balances on the balance sheet. 

We have launched three new – we will launch at least three new bases, more likely four this winter, Dusseldorf – this 
year, Dusseldorf-Niederrhein started last week. Bristol has already been announced, will start in November. And I 
expect in the next month or two, you will see us announce one or maybe two more European bases, which will be 
opened this winter. 

We continue to aggressively stimulate traffic growth by promoting our Ryanair's lowest fair guarantee, which is 
unmatched by any other airline in Europe. We will continue to aggressively stimulate traffic by lowering fares, 
engaging in price promotions, and if needs be, giving away more free seats. 

This remains an extremely volatile and cyclical business. But over time, price leaders such as Southwest in the US, 
Tesco's or Wal-Mart in other industries and Ryanair in Europe have repeatedly demonstrated that during such a period 
of adverse trading conditions, a lower fare, lowest cost carrier makes the greatest gains, and that's why I said I think 
this is a buying opportunity. Accordingly Ryanair will continue to offer the lowest fares and the lowest costs in every 
market in which we operate to the benefit of our passengers, our people and our shareholders. 

I will now ask Howard to take you briefly through the summary of the MD&A. Howard? 

Howard Millar, Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Michael. I should point out there are two exceptional items arising, one in 2007 and the other in 2006. In 
2006, we have an exceptional item of 5.2 million net of tax from the insurance claim arising from the scraping of some 
aircrafts. And in this year, we had a deferred tax relief of 34.2 million. It's a once-off and won't affect future tax rates, 
which will be in the order of 10%. So I will just read you through the summary then. The profit after tax increased by 
33% to €401.4 million, compared to €201.5 million in previous year ended March 31, 2006. 

These results reflect a 7% increase in average fares, including checked-in baggage revenues, very strong growth in 
ancillary revenues, offset by significantly higher fuel costs, which increased by 50% to €693.3 million and a one-off 
step up in pilot crewing ratios, which resulted in staff costs rising by 32% to 226.6 million. Total operating revenues 


increased by 32% to 2.2369 million, which was faster than the growth of 22% in passenger volumes, as average fares 
rose by 7% while ancillary revenues grew by 40% to 362.1 million. Total revenue per passenger as a result increased 
by 8%, while the passenger load factor decreased by 1.282% during the year. 

Total operating revenue – sorry, total operating expenses increased by 33% to 1.765 billion due to increased level of 
activity and the increased costs associated with the growth of the airline. Fuel, which represents 39% of total operating 
costs compared to 35% last year, increased by 50% to €693.3 million due to substantial increases in the US dollar cost 
per gallon, and partially offset by a positive movement in the US dollar exchange rate against the euro and an average 
3% reduction in fuel consumption resulting from the installation of winglets on our entire Boeing 737-800 fleet. 

Unit costs, excluding fuel and staff costs, remain flat. Staff costs rose by 32% reflecting an increase in the pilot crewing 
ratio, primarily as a result of the ongoing increase in sector length. As a result, operating margins decreased by 1.21%, 
while it's operating profit increased by 28% to 471.7 million. Net margin remained flat at 18%, for the reasons as 
outlined above, and adjusted earnings per share increased by 32% to 25.99 per share for the year. 

Moving on to the balance sheet. The strong growth and profitability continues to positively impact the balance sheet 
with the total cash increasing by 226 million to €2.2 billion, despite acquiring a 25.2% stake in Aer Lingus for €344.9 
million and funding an additional €489.2 million in cap expenditure largely from internal resources. This cash flow part 
funded the extensive aircraft delivery program and additional aircraft advance payments. 

Total debt, net of repayments made during the year increased by 184.3 million. Shareholders' equity at March 31, 2007 
has increased by 547.8 million to 2.539 billion compared to last year, due to the 401.4 million increase in profitability 
during the year, the exercise of share options which increased shareholder funds by 11.2 million and the impact of 
IFRS accounting treatment for derivative financial instruments, financial assets, pensions and stock options, which are 
accounted for within equity and which also increased shareholders' funds by a total of €99 million. 

With that, I will pass it back to Mike for questions. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Thanks Howard. Okay, operator, we will open it up to questions if I can. We have on the webcast this morning the 
analysts, we've webcast on the website the analyst presentation and briefing on which a lot of the key questions have 
already been answered. So, I think, please, when analysts are asking questions, if you could not double over or cover 
over the ground we have already covered this morning, we'd appreciate it. But other than that, please feel free to ask 
anything you want. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of James Parker [Raymond James]. 
Please go ahead and announce your company name. 

<Q - James Parker>: Michael and Howard, good afternoon. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Hi, Jim. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Hi Jim. 

<Q - James Parker>: I wanted to ask about ancillaries. Your per passenger in the fourth quarter is €10.15, up 17% 
year to year. What is the source of that? Are second and third type bags in there or what's the source of that substantial 
increase in ancillaries? 


<A - Howard Millar>: Well, Jim, this reflects things we've put in place over the last number of years. Firstly, we are 
getting the increasing penetration rates from the car hire deal we did with Hertz some years ago. We also have 
increased penetration from travel insurance, increased penetration – penetration rate has risen over the year. The other 
thing we are seeing obviously in there is excess baggage revenues, the bag charge revenues themselves, Jim, are 
included in scheduled revenues, but the excess baggage revenues are included in ancillaries, and they have continued to 
grow quite strongly as well. Generally, our on-board spend is up again on last year, so overall a pretty strong 
performance across all sectors of the ancillary revenues. 

<Q - James Parker>: Okay. And the second question here regarding the airport fee increase at Stansted: hasn't that 
gone up for other airlines as well and what's happened with the competition fees at Stansted? 

<A - Howard Millar>: I think for the first time, Jim, since 1991 BAA in Stansted recorded their first decline in 
year-on-year growth in passenger volumes. So, clearly the – that was in April of 2007. So clearly the doubling of 
charges, easyJet's charge also rose as well, but I don't think to the same extent as ours did, has resulted an impact in 
passenger volume. So, it is actually impacting the performance of other carriers at Stansted. 

<Q - James Parker>: And last question. And won't that cause some traffic to shift over to Ryanair because your fares 
after the increases are still sharply below others? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: It probably will to the extent, but remember we have about 65% of the traffic at Stansted. I 
think easyJet would have something of the order of about 20%. So if Stansted traffic in April was down around 3 
percentage points, will clearly account for a significant proportion of that. We have cut back some of the midday flights 
out of Stansted in response to these increased charges and we think that will continue. But there isn't anybody else there 
at Stansted, who will spill to work in significant numbers to be able to account for the impact on the over – our traffic 
at Stansted of these kinds of swingeing airport charge increases our taxes here in the UK. 

<Q - James Parker>: Okay thanks. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thank you, Jim. 

<A - Howard Millar>: Thank you, Jim. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of John Mattimoe [Merrion Stockbrokers]. Please go 
ahead announcing your company name. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Hi. John Mattimoe again from Merrion Stockbrokers. Just a follow-up question from this 
morning. Just in relation to the yield trends for the year ahead, could you give any sense on whether you expect the 
summer to be any better than the winter? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Sorry, John, I am not sure I understand the question. You said that the... 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: You are guiding... 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: The decline in the summer to be less than the decline in the winter? 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: The minus 5% that you are expecting for the full year, whether it would be broadly similar as 
the year unfolds or whether it will be any greater or any less in summer compared to winter? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think at this stage that figure has surprised us slightly. We don't expect the yield through the 
first half of the year to fall by 5%, but we do expect it to be significantly worse in the winter. We do expect the yield to 
fall in the first half of the year. We believe at this stage, and I say at this stage with no visibility on winter traffic or 
bookings, we think a decline of up to 5% is a reasonable estimate based on previous years. But the decline will be 
smaller in the first half of the year and we perfectly honestly have no idea what it will be in the second half of the year. 
I mean, until we can kind of get some feel for why there is this yield softness or what's causing this yield softness, we 


won't be able to accurately predict the yield outcome for the year. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. And in relation to the summer then if yields are likely to be down and costs are going 
up, does that imply that your – you have a marginal squeeze of some amounts during the summer and therefore profit 
growth might be a little bit less than passenger growth? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think on the basis of our guidance for the year, John, that's a reasonable assumption. If we 
are talking about traffic growth this year of 22% and profit growth over the year at 5%, there is clearly going to be a 
margin squeeze this year. Now, we were talking about something similar at this time last year and it didn't happen, 
because the yield upturn was significantly better than we had predicted at this time last year, particularly for the winter. 
So, yes, I mean, there is – not to put too fine a point on us, we have what we believe are largely once-off, big cost 
increases in two significant areas this year, that is staff costs with the cabin crew recruitment and airport costs with the 
significant cost increases at Stansted and Dublin and higher than average airport charges in Madrid. We don't expect 
those to be repeated next year, although I would heavily qualify that and say that's subject to the outcome of the 
regulatory – the timing inquiries and the regulatory reviews at Dublin and at Stansted. 

<Q - John Mattimoe>: Okay. Thanks again for that. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks John. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Mannie Larchet [Davy]. Please go ahead announcing 
your company name. 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: Hi, guys. This is Mannie Larchet from Davy, and it's a tricky name all right. Just a quick 
question for you. In terms of the yield, you had been guiding on the baggage that it was going to contribute, I think, 
was it about €2, is that right? Or have you given any further guidance of what it will contribute? 

<A - Howard Millar>: I think, Mannie, just in terms of guidance on that. It's obviously contained within the... 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: The actual yields, yes. 

<A - Howard Millar>: So, the guidance we are giving is about 60% of passengers have a bag, and an average of €6 
per bag, so that's about €3.60 or thereabouts in average fare this year. Obviously, their bag charge went up from 4.50 to 
6 from the 1st of March. So there is some higher average raise this year compared to last year. That €2 you refer to was 
when we launched it... 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: Right. 

<A - Howard Millar>: About this time last year. 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: Right. 

<A - Howard Millar>: We felt that conversion rate was something like 60 or 65% of 4.50, which gave you €2.50. 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: Okay. So the €3.60, when you say for this year, is in this fiscal year or the year that has just 
ended? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I think, we don't want to get into too much detail, but it was large proportion of the 7% yield 
increase last year. 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: Was the bag? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: In the guidance of yield decline of up to 5% for this year. It's difficult to break it out or to be 
accurate with the breakout, because it does partly depend – I mean, we are determined to keep reducing the amount of 
checked-in baggage we carry over the next 12 months, partly by putting up the baggage fees. And therefore, we think it 


will decline. There will be an element of a decline in the yield per passenger over the full 12 months this year. 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: I mean, does this mean that you are guiding yields down by 5%? Does this mean that there is 
huge passenger resistance, in that you have to give away yield to try and get them to fly? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: I don't think so. I mean, I think, Mannie, if you look at the yield, they have been in there for 
the whole – for almost all of last year. 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: All of last year, yeah. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: We have even delivered 22% traffic growth and a 7% yield growth. Now, the baggage charge 
accounted for most of that yield growth. I think the difficulty – but again, we maybe wrong in this, but it's our gut 
instinct at the moment, it's the kind of double whammy particularly in the UK market of doubling of APD, the doubling 
of the Stansted charges, significant increases at Dublin Airport fees and charges from April has all kind of come 
together and had a significant impact on our pricing and yield – pricing and bookings. And that's why we are having 
now, going into the summer period, discount. The bookings and charge we think it has more to do with the taxes and 
airport charge increases than any resistance on baggage. 

To the extent there is resistance on baggage, we think what happens with resistance on baggage is not that people don't 
fly, is that they fly with less baggage. They travel with checked on luggage. When we introduced it last year, we were 
nearly at over 75% of passenger checked-in bag; we are now down below 60%. I think that's the way resistance to the 
baggage fees emerges, not by reduced people that travel. 

If you take this morning's traffic figures for May were up 17%. This is difficult to balance. What we are trying to do is 
be cautious and conservative in the outlook. We are still growing like bloody gangbusters. So, I think we – the message 
we could leave with investors on this call is the business is still growing very strongly. We've had a phenomenally 
profitable year last year. We are very cautious and conservative into the next 12 months only because there is 
something going on at the moment in terms of market softness that we don't quite understand, although we can see it 
and we don't know how long that's going to continue. 

Operator 

Does that conclude your questions, madam? 

<Q - Mannie Larchet>: Yes, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from... 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks Mannie. 

Operator 

The line of James Downey. Please go ahead announcing your company name. 

<Q>: Hello gentlemen. It's James Downey here from Chilton Investment Company. There is an obvious relationship 
between the load factors, ancillary revenues from – ancillary revenues particularly from the new customers, as well as 
the costs associated with those new customers at airport, and you are guiding to a load factor decline. And I just wonder 
if you could elaborate on your sort of thought process on yield declines versus load factor – keeping load factors flat or 
potentially improving them just to get the ancillary revenues up where obviously the margins are much higher? Talk 
about that for a second. And secondly, just on the new planes that you are launching. Could you – how many of those 
are due to be going into Stansted and what's the scope for you guys to shift them to Luton or else to use them better in a 


lower cost airport? 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Okay, thanks. I will do the second one first. There is no other new aircraft going to Stansted. 
I mean, Stansted is largely maxed out at peak periods, morning and evening. I think what you will see at Stansted over 
the next year or two though is that we will continue to probably call out some of the midday rotations. We are 
switching a lot of these Stansted flights on to aircraft that are based at other bases. That does give us some scope for 
new route development out of Stansted, but with no capacity increase at Stansted. All of the new aircrafts are planned 
over the next 12 months are going to the airports like Dublin, the new bases in Madrid, Marseille, Bremen, Niederrhein 
and Bristol. There is nothing planned in it for Stansted. 

We would expect Stansted's traffic to continue or certainly to be static and probably decline a little bit over the next 12 
months, certainly if our plans are anything to go by. We think there is no other way to demonstrate to the people – the 
regulator and the CAA, that their failure to regulate this monopoly in the interest of airport users is switching off 
passengers using Stansted. 

On the earlier one, there is no – I mean, there is no causal relationship, although there has to be some kind of passive 
relationship between our load factor and yield declines. If you remember the difference in the Ryanair business model, 
is we manage the business to deliver load factor and traffic, and we tend to be price takers in order to maintain or to 
achieve those load factors and those traffic volumes. 

Last year, yields, we grew by 22% -- the traffic grew by 22% and the yields rose by 7%. The yields declined – the load 
factor declined by 1 percentage point. This year, we are expecting again 20% traffic growth, the yields maybe decline 1 
maybe 2%, but the yields – but that the yields will decline by at this stage our best guess is up to 5%. So there is no – 
and our experience tends not to be a direct relationship between our range of traffic growth, the load factors and yields. 
The yield is much more heavily influenced by what's going on in the general marketplace. Last year that was heavily 
driven by competitor price increases and fuel surcharges. I have seen some analysis at this moment that suggests in the 
airline industry, you will see two years of increasing yields, you never get a third one. This may be the third year and 
there won't be a third year of increasing yields anywhere in the industry in Europe. 

While there is obviously an indirect relationship between traffic and loads and yields, it's not direct and the two don't 
necessarily follow each other. And what we are saying to the market is, look, if the market is going to be softer, we are 
responding aggressively, now we would continue to respond aggressively. If there's going to be a fare war, we will start 
it we will – we will start and we will finish it. But we will maintain, we will hit the load factors we have – the load 
factor objective for the year. We will hit our traffic target of 52 million passengers, partly because so much-- a lot of 
our business is generated or is delivered or a lot of our business profits are – flow from the ancillary revenues. So it 
makes sense for us particularly on those routes where we have lower airport charges or per passenger airport charges to 
continue to simulate traffic even during off-peak periods, if needs be at free – with free flights, and take them only on 
the ancillaries. That would no longer apply at the bigger bases like Dublin and Stansted, where the incremental 
passenger charges, particularly in the UK when you add in APD, are such an enormous part of our average fare now. 

But both – I would caution again, we operate only at two regulated airports, Dublin and Stansted. Most of the other 
airports we operate to live in a competitive environment. They wouldn't ever even consider or contemplate building the 
type of Taj Mahal that Dublin and Stansted are proposing, nor will they consider doubling passenger charges because 
they couldn't get away with it. It's really only these regulated monopolies where you have an inept or ineffective 
regulator such as the CAA here in the UK or the CAR in Dublin, which is probably more useless than the CAA, that 
you get this kind of regulatory gaming whereby the regulated monopoly blows ludicrous amount of capital expenditure 
building facilities that are built at one-tenth of the cost elsewhere. 

<Q>: Okay. Just one quick follow-up on that. If – 6 to 7 % cost increase is predicated on, say, 2 percentage point 
decline in load factors, if your load factor was to be flat, what would your per unit cost increase be? 

<A - Howard Millar>: It would be – it wouldn't really impact our unit cost, because obviously we've factored in that 
2% decline. I think it's – we had... 

<Q>: Some of costs are... 


<A - Howard Millar>: If the load factor was marginally higher, you would have that same cost is spread across a 
higher number of passengers. It would – clearly through the higher load factor would reduce the unit cost increase, but 
not significantly because not many of the costs are directly related to passenger numbers. For example, aircraft costs, 
fuels, they are largely fixed. So, there would be some reduction in unit costs, but not material. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. 

<A - Michael O'Leary>: Thanks James. 

Operator 

Mr. O'Leary, that concludes the questions. I'll hand it back to you for any closing remarks. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay. Are we sure nobody has anymore questions? 

Operator 

No further question, sir. 

Michael O'Leary, Chief Executive Officer 

Okay, everybody. I would like to thank everybody for joining the conference call today. As I said, we did fairly 
extensive, an hour and a half analyst briefing this morning, which is webcast. It's on the Ryanair website. And anybody 
has, I'm sure, if you have some questions or were too shy to ask them, I'm sure they've been put by the analysts this 
morning and you find them on the webcast. In the meantime, as I say, the results – the results, the press release and 
webcast are all on ryanair.com. That's also where Europe's lowest fares and the only effective lower fare guarantee is. 
And now we look forward to seeing everybody on the road show this week. We have road show, about six road shows 
running in Ireland, the UK, Europe and the US. So, if we didn't get to you or we didn't get to answer a question that you 
wanted, please feel free to either call us directly offline. You can get us through the usual numbers or hopefully we'll 
you see at one-to-one presentation between now and the end of the week. Thank you again very much. I look forward 
to seeing you later in the week. Bye, bye. 

Operator 

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


