Q2 2008 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Adrian Adams, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Jonae R. Barnes, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications 
• Mark Iwicki, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
• Mark H.N. Corrigan, M.D., Executive Vice President, Research and Development 
• Robert F. Scumaci, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Other Participants 

• Frank Pinkerton 
• Ian Sanderson 
• Robert Hazlett 
• Annabel Samimy 
• Matt Duffy 
• Biren Amin 
• Greg Gilbert 
• Richard Silver 
• James Kelly 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Sepracor's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Hosting the call from 
Sepracor is Mr. Adrian Adams, President and Chief Executive Officer. At this time, all participants have been placed in 
a listen-only mode, and the floor will be opened for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions]. 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Mr. Adrian Adams. Sir, you may begin. 

Adrian Adams, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, operator. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2008 financial 
results webcast. With me this morning are Mark Iwicki, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Mark 
Corrigan, Executive Vice President of Research and Development; Bob Scumaci, Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer; and Jonae Barnes, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. 

Before I proceed, I would like to ask Jonae to read our forward-looking statement. Jonae? 

Jonae R. Barnes, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications 

Good morning, everyone. Various remarks that we make about our future expectations, plans and prospects constitute 
forward-looking statements for purposes of the SEC's safe harbor provision. Actual results may differ materially from 


those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors, which are discussed in our 
most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which is on file with the SEC, and other reports [inaudible]. 

In addition, these forward-looking statements represent the company's expectations only as of today. While we may 
elect to update these forward-looking statements, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Any 
forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our estimates or views as of any date subsequent 
to today. 

During this call, we will be referring to non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the 
most directly comparable GAAP measures is available in our second quarter 2008 financial results press release, which 
is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. 

Back to you, Adrian. 

Adrian Adams, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Jonae. And I would like to thank everyone again for joining us this morning. As you know, we released our 
second quarter 2008 results this morning. And before we begin, I would like to take you through the main areas that we 
would like to cover during this morning's webcast. 

First, I will review some of the key 2008 objectives we outlined at the beginning of this year. And then, we'll move on 
to provide an update on our achievements against these objectives, as we completed the first half of the year. I will then 
comment on the second quarter and first-half financial results. 

Mark Iwicki will follow with a review of the commercial performance of our product portfolio. He will then introduce 
Mark Corrigan, who will provide an overview of the progress we are making in broadening, deepening and delivering 
across Research and Development. 

Finally, Bob Scumaci will cover the GAAP to non-GAAP earnings per share reconciliation and financial guidance for 
2008. And I will make some concluding remarks, before opening the call up to questions. 

Moving along to our 2008 key objectives, I would first like to review what we set out to accomplish at the beginning of 
this year and then give a summary of how we have performed thus far this year against these objectives. Please refer to 
slide number three. 

The key objectives that we have been working towards, as we progressed through the first half of this year, covered, 
firstly, the continued development of peak performing commercial capabilities with a particular focus on enhancing 
sales force productivity. 

Secondly, to fully leverage both our existing and new product franchises, an important goal, given our broadened 
product portfolio after the Nycomed and Bial transactions. Thirdly, we are committed to expanding and advancing our 
research and development pipeline with a view to creating shareholder value all the time. And fourthly, the pursuit of 
synergistic corporate development and licensing opportunities. 

With these in mind, I would like to briefly review our 2008 achievements and highlight our many accomplishments 
during the first half of the year against these objectives, some of which will be covered in more detail later in this call. 

Please now refer to slide number four. We have made significant progress towards developing peak performing 
commercial capabilities. I am pleased to report that our overall sales force productivity metrics have improved in many 
significant areas. Mark Iwicki will be commenting on this in more detail during his part of the presentation. 

Since the restructuring and realignment was implemented at the beginning of this year, our valued field forces have 
begun to gain traction with new call plans, quality training, focused targeting on what we believe are best practice 
incentive schemes. These are important ingredients of a high performance sales team. And we believe that we now 


have a motivated and talented group of sales professionals in place to leverage the stream of opportunities that lie 
ahead. We have also created new professional and consumer campaigns, which seem to be resonating well with 
physicians and patients, as Mark will show later. 

During the first six months of 2008, we made gains in leveraging existing and new product franchises. And despite 
highly competitive markets, we are seeing positive developments with our growth drive of products LUNESTA and 
BROVANA. 

In addition, we launched OMNARIS in April of this year, and the signs so far have been encouraging. We also believe 
that we are well prepared for the introduction of ALVESCO, which is on target for a specialist launch in the fall. 

We are also pleased with the settlement of the patent litigation for XOPENEX Inhalation Solution with Breath, a 
settlement that provided certainty and reduced the risk associated with litigation for both parties. We continued to make 
solid progress in advancing our research and development pipeline, a pipeline that we believe is amongst the best in the 
specialty pharma sector. 

As mentioned on our last conference call, we had a successful pre-NDA meeting with the FDA for SEP-2093, 
eslicarbazepine acetate, during the first quarter and anticipate filing the NDA in late 2008 or early 2009 for this exciting 
compound. 

Large Phase II proof-of-concept studies for two potential new products SEP-441 for anxiety and SEP-289 for 
depression are ongoing and on track to deliver results in the first quarter and first half of 2009, respectively. SEP-162, 
our dual reuptake inhibitor product candidate, is also on track with a potential to enter Phase III in 2009. 

We are also delighted to report that during the second quarter, we submitted an IND for SEP-900, a D-amino acid 
oxidase inhibitor for neuropathic pain. This is a first-in-class compound with a novel mechanism of action. 

Also, in the second quarter, we began dosing trials in man for our two other triple reuptake inhibitors, SEP-432 and 
SEP-425. We are also proud to report that we now have six additional respiratory candidates in various stages of 
clinical development. 

Turning to corporate development and licensing, we have successfully completed several significant agreements this 
year. In early 2008, we entered into an exclusive U.S. marketing development agreement with Nycomed for 
OMNARIS and ALVESCO brands of our – of ciclesonide. 

Despite short time lines we launched OMNARIS in April and are on target to launch ALVESCO in the coming months. 
As part of this agreement, we gained the right to additional ciclesonide pipeline products in various stages of 
developments, which we believe further strengthen our growing and now robust pipeline. 

As you may know, we also signed agreements in the second quarter with Arrow that we believe will provide Sepracor 
with an enhanced ability to develop various products in the ciclesonide franchise. In addition to giving us access to a 
XOPENEX/ipratropium combination product candidate, which is Phase III ready. This product could be launched as 
early as the second half of 2011. 

In June, we also completed the acquisition of Oryx, a specialty pharmaceutical company in Canada. This acquisition 
establishes a commercial platform from which we will potentially launch in Canada LUNESTA, BROVANA, 
eslicarbazepine acetate, and other products from the Sepracor research and development portfolio. Overall, we are 
extremely pleased with the progress we have made this year on all of our planned objectives across the organization. 

Let's now move on to our financials beginning with our second quarter financial results. Please refer to our next slide, 
slide number five. For the second quarter 2008, total revenues were $294.1 million, an increase of 6.3% versus second 
quarter 2007. LUNESTA revenues increased by 3.6% over the second quarter 2007 to reach $148.1 million. 
XOPENEX revenues were 85.4 million and reflect a decrease of 17.6% versus the second quarter of 2007. 

The reduction of XOPENEX Inhalation Solution revenues for the second quarter 2008 compared to the same period 
last year was attributable in part to both reduced volume and the decision made by the Centers for Medicare and 


Medicaid Services, CMS, during the second quarter 2007 to institute a new bundled payment amount for XOPENEX 
Inhalation Solution and generic albuterol inhalation solution products. 

XOPENEX HFA revenues reached $14.1 million, an increase of 14.2% versus the second quarter 2007. BROVANA is 
now progressing well following the implementation of a permanent and unique J-Code for the product in January. 
Revenues in the second quarter reached $13.3 million which is an increase of 141% versus the second quarter 2007. 
OMNARIS was launched in April 2008 and although still early days in the launch, revenues for the quarter were $7.4 
million. 

The second quarter 2008 GAAP EPS was $3.41 versus quarter 2 '07 GAAP EPS of $0.04. However, excluding an 
income tax benefit as a result of the release of a valuation allowance in our deferred tax assets, an after-tax in-process 
research and development charge, and certain other items as detailed in the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP 
measures attached to this morning's press release, non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was 6.7 million or 
$0.06 per diluted share. These results compare with a non-GAAP net income of $4.8 million or $0.04 per diluted share 
in the second quarter of 2007. 

Please now refer to slide number six, a slide that illustrates our second quarter and first half revenue performance 
depicted in a bar chart. As mentioned, our second quarter revenues were 294.1 million, a 6.3% increase from the 
second quarter 2007. You can see from this illustration the change in our portfolio and the decreasing share of 
XOPENEX Inhalation Solution as a proportion of total revenues and the importance of our growth products 
LUNESTA, XOPENEX HFA, BROVANA and OMNARIS which together with our alliance and other revenues 
account for 71% of revenues as compared to 62.6% during the same quarter of 2007. 

Sepracor's revenues excluding XOPENEX Inhalation Solution grew by 20.4% quarter-over-quarter. For the first half of 
2008, our revenues were 614.9 million, a 1.7% increase from the first half 2007. You can also see that if one excludes 
XOPENEX Inhalation Solution revenues, the growth in revenues was 10.8% over the first six months of last year. 

Please now refer to slide number seven, a slide that illustrates our overall financial performance for the first half of 
2008. For the six months ended June 30, 2008, total revenues were 614.9 million which was an increase of 1.7% versus 
first half 2007. LUNESTA revenues were 283.7 million through June 30, a decrease of 2.3% versus first half 2007. 

XOPENEX Inhalation Solution revenues were 225.4 million, which is a decrease of 11% versus first half 2007. 
XOPENEX HFA revenues reached 34.2 million, an increase of 3.9% versus first half '07 and BROVANA revenues 
reached 23.2 million for the first half, an increase of 320.1% versus first half 2007. OMNARIS which as I mentioned 
earlier was launched in April, had total revenues of 7.4 million during the first half of 2008. 

First-half GAAP EPS was $3.52 versus first-half '07 GAAP EPS of $0.20, excluding an income tax benefit as a result 
of the release of the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets, after-tax in-process research and development 
charges, an after-tax milestone payment, and certain other items as detailed in the reconciliation of GAAP to 
non-GAAP measures in today's press release. 

Non-GAAP net income for the first half of 2008 was 68.1 million or $0.59 per diluted share, compared to non-GAAP 
net income of 56.5 million or $0.48 per diluted share for the first half of 2007. This represents an increase of 22.9% for 
first half 2008 non-GAAP EPS over the comparable period in 2007. Included in the results for the six months ending 
June 30, 2007 is an after-tax charge related to a litigation settlement, as detailed in the reconciliation of GAAP to 
non-GAAP measures shown in our press release. 

We are also pleased to report that our cash and short and long-term investments remain strong at $853.3 million as of 
the end of the second quarter 2008 despite very active and successful initiatives on the corporate development front. 

I would now like to hand the call over to Mark Iwicki, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, 
who will review our commercial performance and plans. Mark? 

Mark Iwicki, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 


Thank you, Adrian, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin with a review of our product portfolio. Please 
refer to slide number eight. As mentioned on our last call, we launched OMNARIS in April into the large allergic 
rhinitis category. A market we believe presents considerable opportunity for a unique and differentiated product like 
OMNARIS. The total market opportunity in this category is estimated at approximately $2.3 billion. 

Later this year, we plan to launch ALVESCO HFA, a differentiated product with product line extension potential. We 
are striving for early uptake of the product with key specialists which will then provide the foundation for a subsequent 
launch into the primary care market. The total market opportunity for this category, inhaled corticosteroids, is 
approximately $1.2 billion. 

We have two products with continued growth potential in our portfolio. We believe LUNESTA has an opportunity for 
upside potential as share stabilizes in a challenging market. We also see BROVANA as having strong growth 
momentum and our goal is to capitalize on upside opportunities across various channels. 

We have two products for which we will focus our investments to ensure optimized contribution. Our plan for 
XOPENEX Inhalation Solution is to capitalize on our loyal customer base and generate field force efficiencies with the 
launches of OMNARIS and ALVESCO. With XOPENEX HFA, we will further focus our resources during the CFC 
transition and concentrate resources on doctors and patients that have demonstrated preference for the XOPENEX 
family of products. 

Slide number nine. As most of you are probably aware, we underwent a field force realignment and restructuring late 
last year and this was completed in the first quarter. At the beginning of the year, one of our key 2008 objectives was 
the significantly increased field force productivity. We believe that we are now seeing increased momentum from our 
sales organization, as a direct result of the changes that were implemented. Some of the initiatives we put into place 
include a new geographic footprint with our sales professionals deployed strategically across the U.S. to maximize call 
frequency to our highest target prescribers. We've also implemented a very competitive incentive program designed to 
reward our best performers. 

I am very proud to say that we've made significant improvements in our performance metrics and year-over-year data 
as a result. Average calls per day are up 18%. This is a steady progress and you can see it on the chart on the left-hand 
side of the slide. Call frequency is up 30% and our calls to target are up 11%. We are also pleased to report that 
approximately 47% of our territories have shown positive LUNESTA volume growth relative to the market growth in 
the past month. We believe these key performance indicators will continue to improve over the remainder of the year. 

Turning now to slide 10. For LUNESTA, our market share declined after the launch of generic zolpidem April of 2007. 
More recently, the rate of decline has slowed and share appears to be leveling off. As you can see in the slide on the top 
left shares declined about 0.6 share points since January and has been relatively steady recently. I would like to point 
out that the overall insomnia market growth rate has been declining and is now trending to a low single-digit growth 
rate compared to a high single-digit growth rate that was forecasted at the beginning of the year. We are encouraged by 
the LUNESTA share development and believe it is in large part due to our improved marketing, sales, and managed 
care efforts. 

In addition, LUNESTA has lost less market share than Ambien CR despite our decision to reduce considerably the 
amount of spends on detailing and DTC. Volume has also remained stable year-to-year and we will continue to make 
every effort towards performance improvement for LUNESTA during the second half of 2008. 

Our priorities during the second half of the year are to differentiate our product from other agents, particularly generics, 
and we will maintain our focus on field force productivity. We've made strides in improving LUNESTA DTC 
efficiency with revised media plans and new direct marketing initiatives. We also plan to emphasize high-quality 
meetings and events during the second half. 

And as you can see on slide number 11, year-to-date, we are already making progress on this front and have 
significantly increased our meetings and events share of voice to 44% in the sedative hypnotic market. This is 
especially true with our high decile prescribers. This can be seen in the graph in the lower left-hand side of the slide. 


Also depicted on the slide in the chart in the upper right, you can see that our share of patient requests for LUNESTA 
has improved since the first quarter and is now above Ambien CR. We are really pleased with this development as we 
have launched an improved TV spot and reduced out DTC spending during the first half of 2008. As you can see from 
the graph, we are also pleased to see our share of new written prescriptions is holding steady in this highly competitive 
market. 

Turning now to slide number 12, BROVANA is a long-acting beta-agonist for the maintenance treatment of 
bronchoconstriction in patients with COPD. BROVANA has the potential to significantly improve patients' lives and 
give them back some freedom in their lives. BROVANA helps patients maintain lung function for a full 12 hours 
enabling them to participate in activities during the day rather than being home tied to a nebulizer. 

BROVANA can make a real difference for some COPD sufferers, and we are excited that doctors and patients alike are 
seeing the positive benefits of BROVANA treatment. BROVANA's performance was strong in the second quarter and 
first half of 2008. Volume continues to grow and it has stayed strong in recent months despite the fact that there is 
some summer seasonality to the COPD market during the warmer months. 

I am pleased to report that this growth is coming from both retail and non-retail sources and that BROVANA has 
reached a new peak of performance. A new Sepracor-managed contract sales team is in training now with the goal of 
being well prepared for the anticipated launch of ALVESCO this fall. 

This team will provide us with an opportunity for increased reach to targets for BROVANA with higher call frequency 
and more meetings and events. During the second half, we will emphasize BROVANA's key benefits and plan to 
introduce a new sampling plan that we expect to be more effective. We will also devote resources aimed at maintaining 
and expanding our formulary status with managed care organizations and home healthcare providers. 

Please now refer to slide 13. OMNARIS is our new intranasal corticosteroid that we launched in April for the treatment 
of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis. OMNARIS launch is off to a good start, and we are excited to make this 
great product available to help the millions of patients that suffer from allergic rhinitis. The monthly uptake has been 
strong, and as you can see on the chart on the top left, market share continues to rise. 

Market data to date is showing strong prescription growth among key specialties. The product is showing this growth 
with both allergists and ear, nose and throat specialists. This is the first time that we've called on ENTs and we think 
there's upside potential from this key specialty as we improve our relationships during the second half of 2008. 

In addition, 33% of our top decile doctors have already prescribed OMNARIS, and this metric has been building each 
week. As I described on the preceding slide, we have a new Sepracor-managed contract field team that will begin 
detailing in the second half of the year and in time for our launch of ALVESCO. The sales team will also be 
significantly focused on OMNARIS and BROVANA. 

We expect to launch new clinical data on OMNARIS this fall, and we also plan to commence direct-to-patient efforts 
starting in the third quarter including a web based patient education program. By the end of the year, we will have 
trained over 1,000 speakers and anticipate delivering greater than 1,800 medical education programs. 

Moving now to slide 14; we are really encouraged by the feedback that we are receiving from high prescribing 
physicians. Our sales representatives are receiving very positive feedback from doctors that have used OMNARIS and 
we have seen the same level of satisfaction in recent market research. Message recall from our sales and marketing 
initiatives is also positive. 

As you can see, we've had success with our three core efficacy message. OMNARIS sticks and stays in the nasal 
mucosa. OMNARIS maintains efficacy all season and OMNARIS reduces nasal symptoms over 24 hours in seasonal 
and perennial allergic rhinitis. 

The quotes I've included on the slide are representative of the findings from recent market research we conducted. We 
are pleased that many doctors are reporting positive patient feedback and that they themselves have been positive about 
their patient's use of the product. OMNARIS will continue to be a major priority for Sepracor and the fall allergy 
season provides a strong opportunity for volume growth in the third and fourth quarters. 


Please now refer to slide number 15, which illustrates XOPENEX HFA's performance on a quarterly basis. The 
short-acting beta-agonist HFA MDI market has been a challenging market for us due to heavy switching and 
discounting in the class. This is particularly true at the retail level. Shares declined in the first half of 2008, but we were 
encouraged to see that the volume and TRx share are up versus the same period in 2007 for XOPENEX HFA. 

Possibly contributing to the slower growth we are seeing for XOPENEX HFA was our strategic decision to reduce our 
resources devoted to XOPENEX HFA in favor of supporting the launch of OMNARIS and the upcoming ALVESCO 
launch, two of our key future growth drivers. Our objectives for the second half of the year are to emphasize strong 
consistent detailing to physicians who have been significant prescribers of the XOPENEX family of brands. 

We also emphasized and reinforced to prescribers that XOPENEX HFA is the only differentiated molecule in the 
branded short-acting beta-agonist HFA market. We believe that there is continued opportunity for Sepracor to increase 
XOPENEX HFA business during the CFC to HFA transition as approximately 39% of which has still not converted to 
HFAs. 

We recently launched our X-80 sample. This is our new canister that has 80 actuations. Since launch, we've been 
sampling with our retail canister, which has 200 actuations. The 80 actuation canister should provide for plenty of trial 
for patients to ensure that XOPENEX works well for them but will enable us to significantly reduce the overall volume 
of sample days of therapy in the market. 

Finally, for XOPENEX HFA, we will continue to capitalize on meaningful managed care opportunities and drive share 
in targeted accounts where XOPENEX has a preferred position. Our managed care coverage remains solid with 
unrestricted access for 93% of managed care lives. 

Moving now to slide number 16, I would like to comment on the performance XOPENEX Inhalation Solution. In the 
retail market, as you can see in the chart we are experiencing a bit of share decline due perhaps to summer seasonality 
in the asthma market. However, volume in retail and home healthcare has remained steady year-over-year. 

During the second half of the year, we will be implementing a very targeted approach with the highest volume 
prescribers and expect to continue non-personal promotion activities with these physicians. In addition, the launch of 
OMNARIS in April and ALVESCO later this year gives us a good opportunity to optimize XOPENEX Inhalation 
Solution sales and marketing spend with a focus on significantly improved efficiency. 

Please now refer to slide 17. As you can see from the financial results attached to our press release this morning, our 
overall SG&A spend is down on a comparable basis to the same periods last year and despite this, we are seeing solid 
and generally improving performance from our growth driver products. 

As mentioned earlier, we are beginning to see positive signs for LUNESTA from leading indicators such as an increase 
in share of patient requests and stable NWRx share for the product. This is all despite a pullback in DTC spend. 
BROVANA's volume has moved to its highest level since launch and we are anticipating further growth during the fall 
COPD season. XOPENEX Inhalation Solution and HFA are both holding ground in challenging markets. 

We are seeing positive OMNARIS launch momentum especially with key specialists and we'll continue to allocate 
resources toward launch and growth products to optimize contribution across the portfolio. 

During the remainder of this year, we will continue our focus on increasing field force productivity. We've seen great 
strides in calls per day, frequency to targets and share improvement in many territories. We expect to see these 
improvements continue. In addition, pre-launch activities for ALVESCO are underway and we are really looking 
forward to the commercial launch of this important new product very soon. 

At this time, I would like to hand the call over to Mark Corrigan, who will provide an update on our progress in the 
R&D area. Mark? 


Mark H.N. Corrigan, M.D., Executive Vice President, Research and 
Development 

Thank you, Mark. On today's call, I will take your through our pipeline, highlight the important results that we are 
anticipating over the next year and review in some reform our exciting new anticonvulsant eslicarbazepine acetate. 

Our respiratory pipeline depicted above reflects OMNARIS moving into launch phase in blue and the expansion of the 
ciclesonide family. ALVESCO is launch-ready with an anticipated introduction of the product this fall. XOPENEX and 
ipratropium combination and the OMNARIS HFA are both Phase III ready. Thanks to our technology license from 
Arrow, we are advancing ciclesonide inhalation solution and the combination of ciclesonide with BROVANA. 

Turning now to slide 19, to our CNS pipeline, our European and Japanese regulatory efforts continue to advance. Our 
large multinational clinical study of LUNESTA in combination with venlafaxine is unrolling, and we continue to 
explore other potential LUNESTA line extension opportunities. 

SEP-2093 is eslicarbazepine acetate, an anticonvulsant for which we are busy writing the NDA, more on this later. 
SEP-289 is our lead triple reuptake inhibitor, in proof-of-concept for major depressive disorder. It is the fist of three 
clinical candidates taking this unique mechanistic approach, with SEP-432 and 425, advancing behind it in Phase I. We 
believe Sepracor is among the leaders in this field. SEP-441 is moving forward, and we anticipate completing 
proof-of-concept in the clinic this year. SEP-162 continues to advance through experimental medicine studies towards a 
possible Phase III start, next year. 

Turning to slide 20, emphasizes the large number of significant events upcoming for Sepracor over the next year. 
Looking at some of the key events, as they reflect the substantial investment in R&D over the last three years, the 
second half of this year and 2009 should be exciting. Depicted on top of the timeline are regulatory events, below 
clinical studies. 

Some of the major events are noted with an asterisk, the OMNARIS HFA Phase III start, eslicarbazepine NDA and the 
441 proof-of-concept results, to name a few. 

Finally on slide 21, I want to share with you our excitement of our eslicarbazepine acetate. This novel anti-epileptic 
drug for the adjunctive treatment of partial complex seizures recently had summary data presented in Spain. An 
additional data will be presented at Berlin in September and Seattle in December. The NDA contains three pivotal trials 
encompassing over a 1,000 patients. 

There are two large-scale pain studies being run by our partner Bial in Europe. This medicine has demonstrated a clear 
efficacy profile, is well tolerated and is dosed once daily, with a minimum potential for drug-drug interactions. These 
summary graphs on slide 22 reflect the significant dose related, medium seizure reduction on the left, a sine qua non, 
for an effective anticonvulsant. As important and crucial for patients is the quality of life depicted on the right, taken 
from one of the pivotal trials and replicated across. This is particularly important for patients with epilepsy, for whom 
many of the medicines they must take to control their seizures, carry side effects that erode their quality of life. 

With that, I hand the call over to Bob. Bob? 

Robert F. Scumaci, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. I would like to begin on slide 23, with our GAAP EPS of the second 
quarter 2008, which was $3.41 per diluted share compared to $0.04 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2007. 
The GAAP EPS includes an income tax benefit as a result of the release of a valuation allowance on our deferred tax 
asset, an after-tax in-process research and development charge, and certain other items detailed in the reconciliation of 
GAAP to non-GAAP measures attached to the second quarter press release that was issued this morning. 

For the first half of 2008, GAAP EPS was $3.52 per diluted share compared to $0.20 per diluted share for the same 
period in 2007. The GAAP EPS includes an income tax benefit as a result of the release of the valuation allowance on 


the deferred tax assets, an after-tax in-process research and development charges and after-tax charge related to our 
Bial R&D milestone payment and certain other items detailed in the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures 
attached to our press release this morning. 

Turning to slide number 24, excluding an income tax benefit as a result of the release of the valuation allowance on 
deferred tax assets, an after-tax in-process research and development charge and certain other items detailed in the 
reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP as is discussed in our press release, non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter 2008 
was $0.06 per diluted share, and these results compare with non-GAAP EPS of $0.04 per diluted share in the second 
quarter 2007. 

Once again, excluding an income tax benefit as a result of the release of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, 
after-tax in-process research and development charges and after-tax R&D charges related to the Bial milestone 
payment and certain other items detailed in this morning's press release related to the reconciliation of GAAP to 
non-GAAP measures, non-GAAP EPS was $0.59 per diluted share, compared to $0.48 per diluted share for the first 
half of 2007, an increase of approximately 22.9%. Included in the results of the six months ended June 30, 2007, is an 
after-tax charge related to the Texas Ensall litigation settlement. 

Turning to slide number 25, as you may recall from our first quarter results, Sepracor began reporting non-GAAP fully 
diluted EPS results. These results are reconciled to our GAAP EPS in this morning's press release. However, we felt it 
important to walk through six months ended June 30, 2008 non-GAAP results. These results exclude an income tax 
benefit as a result of the release of our valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. As noted in our most recent 
quarterly report on Form 10-K – 10-Q, which is on file with the SEC, Sepracor is reviewing various recent transactions 
to assess based on future profitability whether the deferred tax assets are more likely or not to be realized. This review 
is completed in the second quarter and the valuation allowance was released. This release resulted in increased fully 
diluted EPS of $3.91. 

Other reconciling special items include increases to our in-process R&D charges related to licensing and development 
agreements with Arrow, the impairment charge on our investment of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals and the R&D expense 
related to a milestone payment to Bial. Other recurring items include amortization of intangibles related to the Arrow, 
Nycomed and Oryx transactions and a non-cash imputed interest expense related to the Arrow transaction. In a 
moment, I will provide you with third and fourth quarter recurring charges that you will need for your models. 

Now, I would like to comment on guidance for 2008 so please refer to slide 26. The first six months of this year have 
been very exciting as we have capitalized on various strategic business development and licensing opportunities. These 
transactions as well as the release of the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets and the impairment charge of 
our investment in ACADIA have resulted in our need to adjust our GAAP fully diluted EPS guidance for the year. 

In addition, given some of the challenges that Mark Iwicki outlined with respect to our product portfolio, we are 
reducing overall 2008 total revenue guidance from a range of 1.35 to 1.45 billion to 1.275 to 1.375 billion which now 
represents an 8.1% growth over 2007 levels at the mid-point of the range. 

SG&A expense guidance has reduced from 815 million to 780 million. R&D expense guidance is reduced from 295 
million to 275 million, which includes the charge of 10 million related to the Bial milestone payment. We have reduced 
our overall operating expenses by 55 million or approximately 5% from our previous guidance. 

The new guidance for operating expenses does not include any of the six month year-to-date special or recurring items 
including the press release or amounts for those recurring items anticipated in the third and fourth quarters of 2008 with 
the exception of the Bial milestone charge as previously noted. The third and fourth quarter recurring charges related to 
the amortization of intangibles is approximately 3.8 million per quarter and the non-cash imputed interest expense is 
approximately 3.1 million per quarter. 

To further help you with your modeling, there will be no changes to our effective tax rate for this year. The valuation 
reserve has been maintained to be released in third and fourth quarters to offset any tax expense. Beginning in 2009, 
you should use an effective tax rate of 38%. Please note that, in 2009 our cash payments for income taxes will be 
substantially less than our income tax provision due to the continued utilization of the NOL carry forwards which 


approximates 1.152 billion at the beginning of 2008. 

We will be providing you an update of 2009 effective tax rate when we provide our 2009 guidance. Fully diluted 
GAAP EPS guidance is now $4.20 to $4.60 per diluted share based on weighted average shares outstanding of a 116 
million shares. GAAP EPS includes an income tax benefit as a result of released of the valuation allowance on our 
deferred tax assets, after-tax in-process research and development charges, the after-tax Bial R&D milestone expense, 
the after-tax charge related to the impairment of our investment in ACADIA and certain other items detailed in our 
reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures attached to the second quarter press release that was issued this 
morning. By the end of the year, we are forecasting cash and long and short-term investments of approximately 900 
million. 

I would now like to hand the webcast over to Adrian for some concluding remarks. 

Adrian Adams, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Bob. Please now refer to our final slide, slide number 27. As part of our long-term planning for Sepracor, 
we've laid out a clear strategy for building Sepracor into the future and we are now executing against that plan. With 
this in mind, we have some fundamental near-term corporate objectives that are enablers of this longer term plan. We 
are striving for solid performance from our key growth driver products and from recently launched OMNARIS Nasal 
Spray and from ALVESCO HFA which we plan to launch this fall. This also includes building sales force momentum 
post realignment and restructuring. 

We settled a patent litigation for XOPENEX Inhalation Solution providing certainty for this product. Our R&D 
pipeline has grown considerable this year and existing programs continue to advance. We now have 12 candidates in 
various stages of development. Our respiratory portfolio expanded in 2008 with rights we acquired for product 
candidates and enabling technologies. 

We have successfully completed several corporate development and licensing agreements. We announced the 
agreements with Nycomed and Bial earlier this year. We announced agreements with Arrow that provides Sepracor 
with an enhanced ability to develop other products and provide a potential franchise management opportunity with the 
addition of the XOPENEX/ipratropium combination. And we are growing our international presence with the 
acquisition of Oryx providing a Canadian commercial launch platform. 

In summary, we believe that we are well poised to take Sepracor into a new phase and momentum, and we believe we 
are executing well against the plans we put in place in the first half of this year. At this point, I would like to open up 
the call for questions and answers. Operator, would you please give the instructions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. And our first 
question will come from the line of Frank Pinkerton with Banc of America. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Hey, can you hear me? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Yes, good morning, Frank. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess my first question here, if I can ask 
two, the first one is on OMNARIS. How do we think about the success for the launch of that product? I know you guys 
put up some share percentage numbers, but we just came out of what would be I guess, an allergy season, there is a 
small one in the fall. But when we look at a seasonal product like that, how do we gauge the success of the launch in 
between what would be kind of the peak sales times in your goals for moving the needle on that product maybe over 


the next three to six months? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: I'll ask Mark, to comment in a moment. But obviously, when we were modeling, the 
acquisition, we modeled it based on some of the more recent launches. And Mark can comment just how we're tracking 
against some of those products that have been launched quite recently. But as I mentioned, I think if one looks at the 
progress today both on feedback from our customers and indeed the market share uptick, it's in line with our 
projections so far. And we are very pleased with the qualitative and quantitative feedback that we're getting. Mark, do 
you want to add to that? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: Yes, I think when we launched the product, the season was already in full swing, so we didn't 
catch the total peak of the season. But nonetheless, we feel very good about the performance we've had, share continues 
to build. I showed a monthly data, but our weekly data also looks good, you know. And I think what we're most excited 
about is our sales representatives interacting with the doctors and reporting back that each time a doctor uses 
OMNARIS they have really, really great results. 

The sticks and stay message is really coming across loud and clear. Patients make many, many comments about the 
lower volume spray, how it feels, and as you know if you follow this market, the aqueous preparations they can be 
quite a challenge for many patients. So we're really excited about the product. We've continued to see share and 
prescription build even though we've come out of the season. As you pointed out, Frank, it's certainly a slower season 
through the summer but we expect it to pick up again here as we get into the fall. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: And Frank, I think one of the points that I've mentioned on several occasions, I think one of the 
benefits of the number of the corporate developments and licensing initiatives that we've done is that we now have a 
broadened portfolio. The portfolio that has within it seasonality, whether it be the allergy season or aspirin that in turn 
gives us more flexibility in relation to allocation and promotional resources throughout the course of one particular 
year. And we're very pleased with that. 

<Q - Frank Pinkerton>: Okay. Great. And just a second question. I know for a product like LUNESTA, which has 
gone through a tremendous change, I've seen you taken some price increases, but can you just walk us through the 
philosophy around price increases and now just when and how you take them, but ultimately how you interact with the 
managed care organizations? This is clearly a drug now that isn't going to end up on any of the Tier 1 positions in 
formularies. What's the goal to get to Tier 2 and at what point do you kind of throw your hands up and go after a 
different route with maybe some of the PBMs and managed organizations on rebating and other things that you would 
do for that drug? Thank you. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Well, certainly in relation to throwing our hands up, I don't think we'd necessarily do that. I 
think clearly as you well pointed out, I think when one considers, the two key drivers of growth as it relates to volume 
and price, one looks at a number of aspects. The competitive environment, obviously the managed care environment 
and seeing what the competition do in relation to their activities, what has been clear over the last 12 months is that our 
overall positioning and footprint in the managed care area has got very strong. 

And we believe that in moving forward, I think this market does represent continued opportunities, but our total focus 
as, Mark outlined in his presentation where we're seeing very good movements in sales force productivity metrics, is to 
drive volume, not to rely on price. And more certainly if we see opportunities in the future where one combines all 
those elements, managed care environment, and competitive environment, if we see opportunities for price movements, 
then obviously we will assess those, but with a clear eye on the managed care environment. Mark, do you want to add 
to that? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: Yes, I think we continue to have a very strong managed care reimbursement situation. It's a mix 
of Tier 2 and Tier 3, continues to be slightly stronger than Ambien CR's, and we believe that's a great footprint for to us 
move forward. We are confident that we can continue to grow volume in the business with the position that we have 
today. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in queue is from Ian Sanderson of Cowen. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Ian Sanderson>: Good morning. Can you hear me, okay? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Good morning, Ian. How are you? 

<Q - Ian Sanderson>: Good, thanks. On the spending side, can you break out the sales and marketing spending versus 
the G&A? And related to that, where do you stand on the actual hiring of the 200 new respiratory sales reps and what 
expenses – incremental expenses were included in that 27 million of sequential increase in the SG&A spend? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: On the breakdown or SG&A spend; we don't want to go into details of that particular aspect. 
When it comes down to the recruitment of the Sepracor-managed contract sales organization, as we mentioned in 
earlier calls and in our interactions since then our plan was to move forward to develop a footprint of around about 410. 
Between 400 and 410 contract sales representatives that would mirror the footprints that we have with our current, 
primary current specialist sales forces and that recruitment has been completed I think. We anticipate that they will start 
to really get active in the latter part of August beginning of September. When it comes down to, when we see the 
allocation of cost, on that Bob, you want to comment on that? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: The costs for the sales force is included in the guidance that we gave today, and should be 
evenly spread between the – almost evenly spread between third and the fourth quarters. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: That's what we mentioned, Ian at the beginning of the year. I think we were very pleased that as 
we were developing our overall framework for spend, this year, if one looks at how we started this year with the 
proportion of revenues that we reinvested in SG&A 2008 versus 2007. I think we reduced that by a full 10 percentage 
points and clearly what we've taken action on in our revised guidance is to further refine the SG&A spend in line with 
the opportunities across our growth, launch and maximization products. 

<Q - Ian Sanderson>: Okay. And could I ask you a follow up question on XOPENEX nebules. Were the sales in Q2 
impacted by commercial planned reimbursement changes? In other words are you seeing the CMS decision starting to 
show an impact on commercial reimbursement? And secondly is it impacted by BROVANA sales? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: This is Mark, and I'll answer that question, Ian. There are a couple of factors for XOPENEX in 
the second quarter. One is, there is a natural seasonality to XOPENEX. So we did see from the fist quarter a reduction 
there compared to last year. There are probably two main components of it. We did see some volume drop, but we also 
have maintained our volume in the home healthcare area, but at a significantly lower price. Based on CMS's decision 
the reimbursement rate to home healthcare providers has dropped. And we have contracted with those home healthcare 
providers to offer them a slightly better price. So there is a mix of volume and price that contributed to that downturn 
versus the previous year. 

And I think your other question around, are we seeing a hit on the commercial – I guess, the non – the retail 
reimbursement or managed care organization, pricing, we have not seen that dramatically change since last year. 

<Q - Ian Sanderson>: And are you seeing sort of a competitive impact from BROVANA in that home healthcare 
market? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: BROVANA is growing and in that home healthcare market, certainly BROVANA and 
XOPENEX could be used for the same kinds of patient, so as BROVANA grows, it would take market share from all 
of the products that are in that market, including XOPENEX. That is not our main strategy and quite frankly, 
BROVANA and XOPENEX really could be used for the same patient. A patient still needs a short-acting beta-agonist 
when they are on a long-acting beta-agonist like BROVANA. And we market and sell those products together and 
believe that they're a great combination for COPD patients. 

<Q - Ian Sanderson>: All right. Thank you. 


<A - Adrian Adams>: Thank you, Ian. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from the line of Bert Hazlett with BMO Capital Markets. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Robert Hazlett>: Thank you. Can you hear me? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Yes, Bert. How's your family? 

<Q - Robert Hazlett>: Everything's good, thanks. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Good. 

<Q - Robert Hazlett>: Thanks for the question. And got a couple, again, just following up on XOPENEX HFA, and 
maybe some of the sales force dislocations. If you scaled back your efforts in some of the XOPENEX franchises, which 
it seems you've done, how do you expect to capture the opportunity that's present within the XOPENEX HFA 
franchise? And I have a couple of other ones as well. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Well, on that particular one, we commented on this during the call, but one of the good things 
with – in relation to XOPENEX Inhalation Solution is that there is a very loyal prescriber base, very focused on the 
pediatric population and obviously a very strong image of that product among specialists and primary care physicians. 
So a key part of our strategy with XOPENEX HFA is to build on that loyalty and from a targeting perspective is to 
make sure that a lot of our efforts are obviously focused in those areas where we can build on the image and that 
spin-off benefit to XOPENEX HFA. 

And clearly, as I mentioned earlier, I think one of the good things about our portfolio now and the seasonality is that we 
can tune up and tune down during the course of the year, but also fully optimize our target and sales force prior to this 
to leverage not just the growth products, but also the products like XOPENEX Inhalation Solution and XOPENEX 
HFA. Mark, maybe you just want to add to that. 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: Well, I think the final comment there is, with the new sales team coming on board, we have this 
greater flexibility to pulse XOPENEX HFA and XOPENEX Inhalation Solution to those highest potential physicians 
and that will be our plan. We also have very strong managed care physicians and we know that the managed care 
organizations right now are actively working on getting that business converted and there's been an increase in that 
activity even over the recent weeks as time draws near the end of CFC's. So we're optimistic that we can see 
momentum both going into the season from our ability to pulse some calls to the highest potential doctors and from 
what the managed care organizations are doing. 

<Q - Robert Hazlett>: Okay. Thank you. Just a brief financial one. There was a $9.1 million loss – an impairment loss 
on investment. Do you expect that to recur and could you just describe that a little bit? And then I have a pipeline 
question or two. 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: Sure. That was related to our investment in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals. We wrote it down to 
the – from our original purchase price which was part of an overall R&D development deal down to the June 30 market 
price levels of ACADIA. We don't anticipate that being reduced any further. 

<Q - Robert Hazlett>: Okay. And I guess for Mark Corrigan, if you could describe the schizophrenia program that's 
pre-clinical, I believe it's DAAP Inhibitors. Could you describe what types of characteristics you expect that to be to 
provide for schizophrenia treatment? Thanks. 

<A - Mark Corrigan>: Sure. So, I'll take you through very quickly the science. There's been a glutamatergic 
hypothesis of dysregulation in schizophrenia, and quite recently, as you know all the products that are currently 
approved that are antipsychotics are based on dopamine blockade. The – Lilly recently reported on a glutamatergic trial 


that was successful that they conducted in Russia which was probably the fist novel mechanistic approach to 
schizophrenia that has been reported in over a decade. 

One of the approaches to modifying the glutamate system is via modulation of a necessary co-factor for glutamatergic 
transmission and that is D-serine, and our DAAO program which we filed the IND for is basically an enzyme inhibitor 
that raises brain levels of D-serine which further modulates glutamatergic transmission. We expect to see – we found 
actually somewhat surprisingly that it was particularly efficacious in an animal model neuropathic pain, which are 
relatively predictive; as you know, the animal models for schizophrenia are pretty weak. So we filed the IND with that 
as a lead indication; however, we anticipate filing INDs for cognition and for schizophrenia as we look to explore how 
this mechanism may be able to affect brain function and ultimately impact cognition in schizophrenia. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: And Bert, we're pretty excited about that coming out of our discovery organization, but as we 
indicated on our slide, I think we're entering a very exciting and hopefully very productive phase from an R&D 
perspective with the initiation of a number of Phase III programs, our results from some of our key Phase II programs 
in the first half of next year, and I think this is a very exciting time for Sepracor from an R&D perspective. 

<Q - Robert Hazlett>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from the line of Annabel Samimy with UBS. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Hi, thanks for taking my call. I guess, question on some of the comments you made back on 
the third quarter call, you had talked about operating savings of about 80 to 100 million. With the business 
development that you've done, and some of the launches that you have, is that expectation essentially moot at this 
point? Because it doesn't seem that from an expense guidance perspective on the SG&A that there's any change from 
last year. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Bob, do you want to comment on that? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: I'm sorry. Could you repeat what – your question, I didn't...? 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Are you going to be able to realize the 100 million in savings that you talked about on the 
third quarter call last year, that there was a restructuring where you're supposed to be realizing about 80 to 100 million. 
And I guess with all of the business development and new launches, is that essentially a moot point now because the 
guidance that you're giving is essentially a no change from the total SG&A from last year? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: I think it's not moot, but I think if you look at the 80 to $100 million, I think we will realize 
those expense savings on the original base. But yes, the business development deal has created an increase to that and 
offset to that. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. And just on the tax situation for next year, can you just go over that one more time. 
You said effective tax rate is 38% for next year. Is there – that's from a GAAP perspective, is it different from a cash 
perspective? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: Yeah. It will be different from a cash perspective because as we put up the deferred tax assets, 
we will release those assets against the expense, so we will be – we will use the NOLs of about 1.1 billion to offset the 
tax provision. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: This is for 2009? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: I'm sorry? 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Is this for 2009? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: It'll be 2009 and probably into 2010, probably into 2011. 


<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: So until we use up $1.1 billion of pre-tax profit, we won't be paying any taxes. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. And on OMNARIS, quickly, to what extent – how much load in did you have for that 
quarter – for this quarter related to the launch? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Load in from – that was last quarter. 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: That was last quarter. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: This is all real sales. There is no inventory issues related... 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Right. There are no inventory issues on OMNARIS at this point. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. And then one last question and I'll get back in the queue, the XOPENEX HFA, I guess 
a little bit surprising that it's come down quarter-over-quarter and it seems like the conversion has stalled a bit. Can you 
provide some explanation behind that, and what seems to have stalled the conversion? Is it still the inventories that are 
in the channel, the CFC inventories in the channel? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: Well, there are still a fair amount of CFCs in the channel. Nobody has great understanding of 
exactly what that is. But like I said before, I think there is a really good opportunity coming up here in the fall. We have 
seen the major managed care organizations start to reach out to doctors and patients to alert them to the fact that the 
time is really approaching rapidly. And I think you're going to see it accelerate. I think it is maybe not even quite fair to 
say that it's totally stalled. It's just on a slow progress toward getting it all converted by early next year. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: I think one other important dynamic to bear in mind as well is, and one of the reasons why from 
a strategic and tactical point of view we're building off the loyalty of the broad XOPENEX Inhalation Solution base, is 
that there's a lot of habitual prescribing of albuterol. And for a patient to receive XOPENEX HFA, the doctor has to 
prescribe that. And that is why we're really focusing on extolling the benefits of XOPENEX. And in a situation where 
they're considering transferring from a CFC albuterol product to an HFA product they should also make the decision to 
move to XOPENEX HFA. Obviously if a prescription is written for albuterol HFA then it can be filled and substituted 
for two or three branded products. So that's why we're tactically focusing on XOPENEX loyalty, which we believe will 
be key to capturing some of that 39% of businesses which is yet to convert. 

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: Okay. Just one more question, if I may. Are you no longer breaking out the different revenue 
guidance components of your revenue guidance? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: Correct. We'll only be doing that for the full-year guidance 2009. 

-

<Q - Annabel Samimy>: All right. Thanks. 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from the line of Matt Duffy with BDR Research. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of, sort of general managed care 
questions. On the sleep front, you'd mentioned that you still have a good mix of Tier 2 and Tier 3 coverage and that that 
looked a little better than Ambien CR. But I was wondering if you're seeing the managed care organizations taking 
active steps to promote generic Ambien such as letter writing campaigns to patients to convert or zero co-pay kind of 
activities? And then also sort of on the managed care front what's the payer mix that you're seeing so far with 
BROVANA? 


<A - Mark Iwicki>: Yes, so this is Mark, and thanks for your question, Matt. On the managed care side, we have 
certainly seen that there is a dramatic increase in zolpidem prescriptions, and I'm sure that you've followed the generic 
trends in all the markets and you see this going on. I think it's undeniable that managed care is a part of driving those 
generic first programs and also in the scorecarding that they do with prescribers are really encouraging the prescribing 
of generics. 

They are individual programs; it would probably be best to ask them exactly what they're doing specifically in the sleep 
market. But we have seen that dramatic increase and heard about it from physicians. I think there still remains a 
tremendous opportunity because many, many patients just do not get the sleep or improvement they need from Ambien. 
And we feel very confident that LUNESTA is a great choice for many, many patients in this market. And will you just 
tell me your second question again, please, Matt? 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: Sure. And I guess, just the second question was the payer mix on BROVANA but also just sort of a 
corollary to the generic Ambien versus LUNESTA and for that matter Ambien CR. You think – are you considering 
doing – either small pilot head-to-head trials to follow on? I guess there was one head-to-head Ambien trial several 
years ago that looked very positive. I wonder if they're trying to develop more convincing evidence there? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: I think – Mark will comment on the BROVANA question. I think, obviously if one looks at our 
total clinical trial base for LUNESTA, it's very broad; it's amongst, if not the best, amongst the sleep agents. So we 
believe from an overall kind of competitive point of view that we have more than enough data at this point in time to 
fully leverage our differentiated position versus generic Ambien in addition to the other products. 

We do have an ongoing trial as we've mentioned in Europe, to open up the concomitant use of venlafaxine with 
LUNESTA, which we think is also going to be important. But we've got an awful lot of ammunition still left with our 
clinical trial database which we will put to good effect with – in the insomnia market. And we still see a lot of 
opportunity in that market. And on BROVANA? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: On BROVANA the mix right now is about 50% from retail sources and 50% from non-retail 
sources. That does fluctuate from week to week. But that's a good average. 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: And what about Medicare versus private pay? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: Right now from the Medicare piece of the business, that represents – this would be Part B and it 
would be the home healthcare piece of the business. So that's probably about 35%. That's a difficult question to 
pinpoint. 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: But overall with BROVANA, as we articulated, both the retail and home healthcare areas. So 
we're in very strong growth. We've been very pleased with the momentum that we've now moved to a different level 
with BROVANA. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question in queue that will come from the line of Biren Amin with the Stanford Group. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Biren Amin>: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Could you provide us with a timeline for the ALVESCO 
launch? Is it on track for second half '08? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Yes. We made reference to second half, yes. We have – one of the great benefits of acquiring a 
product that is also already FDA approved is that we can really put in place some excellent pre-launch and market 
preparative programs and we've been doing an awful lot in speaker training programs et cetera in that regard. And we 
do plan to carry out a phased launch with building in the very important specialist area in the latter part of this year and 
then building to a broader primary care launch in the early part of next year. So those plans are well in place. I think the 


Sepracor-managed contract sales organization to go with our existing resources will be fully trained and ready to really 
promote our portfolio including ALVESCO and OMNARIS from the September period onwards. 

<Q - Biren Amin>: And I guess a couple questions on LUNESTA. Could you provide thoughts I guess on the 
LUNESTA seven-day sampling program and if you expect that to continue for the rest of '08? And also, were there any 
inventory buy-in during the quarter for LUNESTA? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: I'll take the inventory question. Inventory is relatively flat for LUNESTA second quarter – 
first quarter to second quarter. 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: And on the seven-day LUNESTA program, that's part of a broader mix of activities that we use to 
generate trial. And we would expect to use that seven-day option in a pulsing manner. It's not something that we will 
run continuously all year long. 

<Q - Biren Amin>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question in queue will come from the line of Greg Gilbert with Merrill Lynch. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Thanks. Good morning, guys. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Good morning, Greg. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Mark, Teva just indicated on their call that price in the HFA market has been pretty stable. Do 
you think that's a fair statement or are you seeing it differently? I'm just wondering what technical challenges, if not 
price, are in your way in terms of gaining some share there? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: Sure, good morning, Greg. I think that is in general, true. I think the important thing as Adrian 
mentioned is, and we've said this a couple of times on calls, is that it is a challenge for XOPENEX HFA because the 
doctor has to specifically write XOPENEX HFA. And with the other products there is wholesale switching that's going 
on at the retail level. Now when it comes to that kind of pricing and contracting done by those manufacturers, we do 
not have insider clarity into what they're doing. But we do know that when a prescription is written and they're 
generally written as albuterol MDI, that those could be switched to PROVENTIL, Ventolin or to ProAir, the Teva 
product. 

At a high level, I think there are a couple of things that are going on and there is a reason for us to be optimistic still on 
HFA. We had to reduce resources on HFA to be able to launch OMNARIS into a competitive market and capitalize on 
that opportunity over the last several months. With the new sales team coming on, we have a great chance to pull some 
additional HFA and XOPENEX Inhalation Solution calls to the top prescribers. This is a challenging market for us. 
And what we want to really make sure we do is get growth on HFA but do it in a profitable manner where we are really 
maximizing contribution for the brand. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: And then moving over to LUNESTA, clearly, the rate of erosion has slowed in terms of share. 
But it seems like that's coming in a pretty large expense in terms of clinical trials, bodies, new programs, et cetera. Just 
wandering, is there a next step in terms of necessary changes here, if the share continues to erode albeit at a slowing 
rate, or have you concluded that it's worth to continue down the path that you've already chosen? 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Greg, it's a very, very good question. I think on the question of large amounts of spend items in 
support of LUNESTA, I think I will caveat that by saying that really a lot of the clinical trial efforts that's been done for 
LUNESTA have been completed. We have got the large European study that is ongoing. There are a number of 
objectives behind that not least of which is apparently the development in Europe in anticipation of LUNIVIA approval 


hopefully towards the end of this year. It will also test the hypothesis of free combination of an anti-depressant with 
LUNESTA and therefore the concept of potential fixed combinations. So, from a clinical trial perspective, we feel that 
we're managing the overall LUNESTA life cycle management in a very cost effective way. 

When it comes down to the insomnia market, at the beginning of this year, I articulated that clearly after Ambien 
genericisation the market dynamics were very different. We saw declines in LUNESTA share and more so with 
Ambien CR. The beginning of this year, we obviously restructured, realigned and obviously focused our sales force in 
a targeted manner et cetera. 

On the call, we wanted to really make it clear that we have started to see some very positive signs in relation to market 
share movement in some of our territories right about – close to half of our territories over the last month have had 
some positive movement in market share. When you make changes in sales force it takes time to filter those through. 

We believe that all of the particular drivers that which should market share volume, prescription volume in this market 
when it comes to quality sales force, quality direction, clinical trial data in support of your products, good managed 
care access, a lot of those particular aspects are, we believe, are in good shape now. In addition, we've revised and – our 
overall promotional spend in relation to direct-to-consumer advertising. 

So, we are optimistic for the second half of this year. In the event, to your point, in the event that we exit this year in 
relation to the market not having grown as anticipated, beginning of this year most analysts were projecting that the 
market would grow in the high single-digits, it's probably going to exit this year growing in the low single-digits. 
Clearly, if we see that situation, and we have not seen market share moving up, which we're hopeful that it will, then 
clearly we have a broader portfolio from which to make promotional allocation decisions. And we will make those 
decisions in line with the trends we see and the competitive environment. But it's a very good question and I can assure 
you we're thinking about that. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. And our next question in queue will come from the line of Rich Silver with Lehman Brothers. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Good morning. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Good morning, Rich. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: You may have answered this question already. I apologize if you have. But with regard to the 
revenue guidance change of 75 million, where did that come from? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: We haven't provided the details by product, Richard. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Okay. And also, you may have answered this question or addressed it. With regard to the 
weakness in XOPENEX in particular, the nebule franchise, is that purely a function or mostly a function of the sales 
force being somewhat diverted to the launch of OMNARIS or were there other factors in the quarter? 

<A - Mark Iwicki>: Yes, Rich, I think it's a combination of factors. It's true that we did divert our sales force away 
from both XOPENEX brands in order to launch OMNARIS and maintain a strong share voice on LUNESTA. In 
addition, we did have to contract additionally with home healthcare providers as the reimbursement rate for XOPENEX 
Inhalation Solution has come down. So it is a mix of both reduction in volume and some reduction in price. 

But we're very optimistic, once again, with the new sales force coming on board and with the high season coming, that 
we can have a very targeted approach with XOPENEX Inhalation Solution and with XOPENEX HFA, and see some 
positive momentum going through the fall into early next year. 


<A - Adrian Adams>: I think, again, one of the key parts of our strategy moving through last year on corporate 
developments and licensing was to broaden the portfolio. And if I look through the broad portfolio now with, in 
essence, we have a number of products that have growth potential in relation to LUNESTA HFA, BROVANA, 
OMNARIS and soon to be ALVESCO. We think that's a pretty good position to be in. But as I've mentioned several 
times it also gives us very good promotional flexibility to deal with seasonality across the year but also to dial up and 
dual down promotional resources as we move through the year and keep an eye on competitive trends. So we have time 
for one more question. Operator? 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. That question will come from James Kelly with Goldman, Sachs. Please go ahead. 

<Q - James Kelly>: Great. Thank you and good morning. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Good morning. 

<Q - James Kelly>: The question has to do with the earnings guidance for 2008. And I just wanted to make sure I 
understood what the assumption was of other reconcilable items. You had $2.93 in the first six months. Is there a stated 
amount that will be included in that reconciliation for the second half of the year? Thank you. 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: Yes. If you take the items that we have for the six months reconciliation, okay, the additional 
recurring items would be additional amortization of intangibles of 3.8 million per quarter, and then additional imputed 
interest expense of 3.1 million per quarter. So, if you take the six-month plus those two items that will give you the 
GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation for the end of the year. 

<Q - James Kelly>: Thank you. 

<A - Adrian Adams>: Okay. 

Adrian Adams, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Well, thank you, operator, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I – and we all look forward to updating you on 
our progress on our next quarterly conference call. So you all have a good day. And I look forward to seeing you all 
soon. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. And this does conclude today's teleconference. An audio replay of today's call will be 
available for one week starting today at 12:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. The dial-in number is 320-365-3844 and the 
PIN number is 954156. Please disconnect your lines. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


