Q3 2006 Earnings Call 

Company Participants 

• Timothy J. Barberich, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
• Jonae R. Barnes, Vice President, Investor Relations 
• David P. Southwell, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
• W. James O'Shea, President and Chief Operating Officer 
• John Simon, Executive Director, Respiratory Marketing 
• Mark H.N. Corrigan, MD, Executive Vice President, Research and Development 
Other Participants 

• Adam Greene 
• Greg Gilbert 
• Richard Silver 
• Lawrence Neibor 
• Matt Duffy 
• Robert Hazlett 
• Marc Goodman 
• Jon Stephenson 
• Robert Scumaci 
• James Kelly 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Welcome to Sepracor's third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Hosting the call today from Sepracor is Mr. 
Timothy Barberich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. At this time, all participants have been placed in a 
listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] 

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Mr. Timothy Barberich. Sir, you may begin. 

Timothy J. Barberich, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for our third quarter 2006 earnings webcast. With us this 
morning are Jim O'Shea, Chief Operating Officer; Dr. Mark Corrigan, EVP, R&D; David Southwell, Executive Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer; Bob Scumaci, EVP of Finance and Administration; John Simon, Executive 
Director of Respiratory Marketing; and Jonae Barnes, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate 
Communications. Before we begin, I've asked Jonae to read the Safe Harbor statement. 

Jonae R. Barnes, Vice President, Investor Relations 

Good morning. Various remarks that we make about our future expectations, plans and prospects constitute 
forward-looking statements for the purposes of the SEC Safe Harbor provision. Actual results may differ materially 


from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors which are discussed in 
our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q which is on file with the SEC and other reports that we file with the 
SEC. In addition, these forward-looking statements represent the company's expectations only as of today. While we 
may elect to update these forward-looking statements, we specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. Any 
forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our estimates or views as of any date subsequent 
to today. Thank you. 

Timothy J. Barberich, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Jonae. We are pleased with the company's overall performance this quarter with both total revenues and 
earnings per share meeting or exceeding consensus and analysts' expectations. The XOPENEX franchise experienced 
particularly robust growth for both UDV and MDI dosage forms. Although growth of UDV has been especially strong 
year-to-date, we should caution inventors that if the Medicare local coverage determination is implemented 
approximately 25% of total XOPENEX UDV units could be at risk. Also recently the major supplier of CFC containing 
generic albuterol MDIs announced its intention to shut down production during early '07, nearly two years before the 
mandated elimination of CFCs from the market. We believe this bodes well for the future growth of XOPENEX HFA 
MDI. During the quarter BROVANA, the first long acting bronchodilator in the form of a nebulized inhalation solution 
was approved by the FDA. This is our third NDA approval in three years and the second successive first cycle 
approval. This is quite an achievement for the company as a whole and the entire R&D organization deserves very 
special tribute. While demand for LUNESTA remained relatively flat quarter-to-quarter, growth for the overall SLEEP 
market as well as market share for LUNESTA has begun to rebound over the last month or so. 

Going forward, for in-line products our focus will be on geographic expansion, label expansion and line extension. Our 
clinical development focus remains primarily on SEP-162 and SEP-289 for treatment of depression. We also plan to 
expand our discovery programs, which are yielding important novel lead compounds from our programs for DAAO 
inhibitors, Alpha-2-selective GABA agonists, M1 agonists and multiple monoamine oxidase inhibitors. And Mark will 
give some color on these programs later. These programs in general are intended to develop new and hopefully 
improved methods of treating depression, anxiety, cognition, schizophrenia and neuropathic pain. Of course, we also 
continue to evaluate external assets and products which could be leveraged by our significant development and 
commercial infrastructure. 

Today, David Southwell will review the financial results of the quarter and provide guidance for the year. Jim O'Shea 
will review the progress of LUNESTA and XOPENEX brands and provide a review of commercial operations. 
Including in that review John Simon will give a short overview of the BROVANA opportunity. Dr. Corrigan will 
review R&D progress. We will then follow with a Q&A session. I would now like to turn it over to David Southwell 
who will provide the financial results for the quarter and year to date. 

David P. Southwell, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Secretary 

Thank you and good morning. For the three months ended September 30th, 2006, Sepracor's consolidated revenues 
were $289.3 million, of which revenues from pharmaceutical product sales were $280.1 million. That's $138.5 million 
for sales of XOPENEX brand levalbuterol products and $141.6 million for sales of LUNESTA brand eszopiclone. 
Reported revenues for the third quarter of 2006 include $8.3 million, which is $4.2 million related to XOPENEX brand 
levalbuterol product sales and $4.1 million related to LUNESTA brand eszopiclone sales, resulting from the reversal of 
reserves relating to rebates under the Department of Veteran Affairs TRICARE Pharmacy Benefits Program. 

Net income for the third quarter of 2006 was approximately $64.4 million, or $0.56 per diluted share. Reported results 
for the third quarter of 2006 included charges of $10.5 million, or $0.09 a share, for stock-based compensation due to 
Sepracor's adoption in January of this year of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, SFAS 123R. These 
consolidated results compare with consolidated revenues of $205.7 million, of which revenues from pharmaceutical 


product sales were $193.4 million, which was 92.5 million for sales of XOPENEX and 100.9 million for sales of 
LUNESTA, and a net loss of $2.5 million or $0.02 a share for the three months ended September 30, 2005. Included in 
the results for the three months ended September 30, 2005 was a gain on the sale of Vicuron stock of $18.3 million, or 
$0.17 a share, as a result of Pfizer's acquisition of Vicuron. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2006, Sepracor's consolidated revenues were $839.4 million, of which 
revenues from pharmaceutical product sales were 814 million, which was 395.2 million for sales of XOPENEX and 

418.8 million for sales of LUNESTA. Net income for the first nine months of 2006 was approximately $85.5 million, 
or $0.74 per diluted share. 
Reported results for the first nine months of 2006 included charges of $31.4 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, for 
stock-based compensation due to SFAS 123R. These consolidated results compare with consolidated revenues of 
$509.8 million, of which revenues from pharmaceutical product sales were 466.7 million, which was $282.4 million for 
sales of XOPENEX and $184.3 million for sales of LUNESTA, and a net loss of $33 million, or $0.32 a share, for the 
nine months ended September 30, 2005. 

Included in the results for the nine months ended September 30, 2005 is a gain on the sale of Vicuron stock of $18.3 
million, or $0.17 a share, as a result of Pfizer's acquisition. As of September 30, 2006, Sepracor had approximately 
$997.2 million in cash and short and long-term investments. Jim? 

W. James O'Shea, President and Chief Operating Officer 
Thank you, David. And again, good morning, everyone. Firstly, overall revenue. The third quarter '06 revenue was 

289.3 million, up 40.6% on the third quarter '05, which brought the nine-month sales to 839.4 million, up 64.6% over 
the same period last year, XOPENEX UDV and LUNESTA being the prime drivers of sales, although XOPENEX 
HFA MDI made an encouraging contribution this quarter. 
On XOPENEX UDV, another very robust quarter with the third quarter sales being 125.4 million, up 35.6 on the same 
quarter last year, bringing the nine-month sales to 375.1 million, up 32.8%. The sales growth coming from price and 
volume contribution, and principally in the non-retail sector. 

For reference, we finished the quarter with approximately six weeks of inventory at wholesale and retail pharmacies. In 
terms of scripts for the UDV, during the quarter we observed the normal seasonal return to significant volume growth 
in both new Rx's and TRx's. And we finished the quarter with a new Rx market share of 24.2 and a TRx market share 
of 24.6. At the specialty level, in terms of market share, we finished the quarter with 45.2% market share with 
allergists, 29.3% with pediatricians, 32.4% with pulmonologists and 18.7% with primary care doctors, up 1.5% on 
September of last year. I think the growth in primary care being particularly noteworthy as primary care doctors 
account for almost 40% of the UDV market. In hospitals, good growth this quarter with the latest data of September 
showing that 32.6% market share, up 2.4% on the same month last year. As Tim said, overall strong quarter for 
XOPENEX UDV. 

Turning to XOPENEX HFA MDI, I think encouraging growth signs seen this quarter. Firstly, with sales. Sales of 
XOPENEX HFA MDI this quarter were 13.1 million, a significant increase on the first and second quarter sales. Also, 
at the script level, new and total prescription market share continue to progress well, along with absolute total 
prescription volume. For the week ending October the 13th, XOPENEX MDI had captured 4.5% of new Rx's and 3.4% 
of total Rx's of the MDI market and with all the month of September. Of note, and as we hoped, the inhaler market in 
the marketplace achieved by our success of XOPENEX UDV inhalation solution has continued to even more positively 
impact our MDI market share among XOPENEX UDV loyalists. 

Physicians who prescribe the most UDV, XOPENEX UDV, as illustrated here in the slide, continue to prescribe 
XOPENEX MDI at levels much higher than the current national market share. XOPENEX UDV market writers with a 
50% -- with greater than 50 or 50% or greater share of UDV, continue to accelerate their use of XOPENEX HFA MDI, 
now prescribing upwards of 14% market share, while writers of UDV with a share between 1 and 50% are also 


prescribing the MDI, so almost double the national market share. These data continue to suggest that when physicians 
believe in XOPENEX as a preferred choice for their patients, the halo effect of their choice drives prescribing across 
the franchise. 

And finally on XOPENEX MDI, in the HFA-only market, XOPENEX HFA MDI has achieved a 33% market share, 
surpassing Glaxo's VENTOLIN HFA and most recently surpassing Schering's Proventil HFA in both new prescription 
share and yearly TRx volume. This encouraging position in the HFA market bodes well for XOPENEX HFA as a CFC 
transition gets underway. And on that point as recently as last week another major CFC manufacturer announced their 
intention to cease manufacturing a CFC-based albuterol by early '07. With this recent announcement manufacturers 
accounting for upwards of 90% of all albuterol CFC sold in the US market will have ceased production within the next 
few months. 

With that brief update on the XOPENEX franchise, I would like to now hand over to John Simon, head of the 
Respiratory Marketing to update you on BROVANA, a very important addition to our respiratory franchise. John has 
been the product champion for the XOPENEX since the launch and will now bring that expertise to BROVANA. John? 

John Simon, Executive Director, Respiratory Marketing 

Thanks, Jim and good morning. We are excited to talk about BROVANA today, and I will provide a brief market 
overview and the opportunity as well as some insights as to how BROVANA compliments Sepracor's respiratory 
portfolio. Importantly though I think we here at Sepracor are even more delighted to bring a novel compound to 
patients who suffer from COPD. This is a disease where patients are forced to live their life in a state of suffocation 
really and where the number of treatments for COPD symptoms is limited. As we prepare to launch BROVANA in the 
second quarter of 2007, we believe this new compound will be a welcome addition to patients and physicians who 
suffer from and treat this debilitating disease. 

So first the facts. COPD is the fourth leading cause of death in the United States and it is now estimated that as many as 
24 million adults suffer from this disease with upwards of 12 million adults who are actually diagnosed and seeking 
treatment. And no surprise that the vast number of afflicted patients in the United States, the cost to live with and treat 
COPD is in the billions of dollars. 

So similar to the asthma market, the COPD market is large and growing and often times contains patients who present 
with both components of both diseases. Having treatment for both asthma and COPD, two of the largest respiratory 
diseases in the US, positions Sepracor as an important leader to respiratory specialists and primary-care physicians who 
are looking for new medications to control both the symptoms and costs associated with asthma and COPD. 

Promoting XOPENEX inhalation solution for the past seven years puts Sepracor in a very strong position to build on 
our experiences with nebulized respiratory drugs. For example, the nebulizer market that seemed to be a very small 
opportunity back in 1999 when we launched XOPENEX has revealed itself to be a very important and significant 
driver of treatment options. 

While many large companies have focused drug delivery on dry powder and MDI technologies, ourself included with 
XOPENEX HFA, we know that a significant number of patients are using and indeed prefer nebulizers for a variety of 
reasons. And particularly for patients with COPD, inspiratory flow rates and dexterity issues drive preferred utilization 
of nebulizers for patient group that's typically a little less concerned with the need for portability that MDIs offer. 

And now BROVANA marks the addition of the first and only long-acting bronchodilator available by nebulization. To 
date only the anticholinergic and short-acting beta-agonists have been available, yet these few drugs alone have driven 
the use of millions of nebulizers among COPD patients. The profile of BROVANA combines the first ever nebulized 
drug, with both the fast onset of actions similar to albuterol and XOPENEX and full 12-hour duration to control 
symptoms of COPD. 

As I have already described, we believe the value of the nebulizer market has historically been underestimated due 
primarily to the dollar contribution from generic products. Further, prescriptions and units in the nebulized categories 


are oftentimes difficult to capture in the traditional IMS audits due to the complexities of different payers and 
providers. 

Looking at these generic products as an analog for patients with COPD using nebulizers, we believe that the nebulizer 
market is valued at $1.5 to $2 billion when applied to BROVANA dosing and use in COPD at branded pricing. This 
market potential is independent of the market for combination drugs and dry powder inhalants. 

So in summary of the disease, the size of the market and the opportunity, we have a large and growing COPD market 
and we are entering into it with a strong label and a product profile unmatched by any drug currently on the market for 
COPD. Importantly, the use of BROVANA is supported by major national and international guidelines such as the 
global initiative for chronic obstructive lung disease, or GOLD. 

As you can see on the slide, the current guidelines call for the use of a long-acting beta-agonist, which bodes well for 
BROVANA and that we will not need to educate physicians on the use of a long-acting beta-agonist for COPD, rather 
we can focus our education on using BROVANA in patients who prefer nebulized therapy. 

So when you look at the guidelines combined with recognizing that there is a population who prefers nebulized 
therapy, we see a market that's already built for regular treatment with BROVANA among the vast majority, moderate 
to severe COPD patients. 

I have mentioned our strong label, but nothing puts those words into better light than actually seeing the clinical data. 
Looking at the efficacy of 15 micrograms of BROVANA as illustrated in these FEV1 curves, FEV1 being a 
measurement of lung function, you see fast onset of action that yields favorable 12-hour control of COPD symptoms as 
measured by percent change from study base line at the end of the dosing interval over the 12 weeks of treatment. 
These results were consistent across two large trials of BROVANA and will enable our field force to deliver strong 
impactful product presentation. Dr. Mark Corrigan will address the BROVANA efficacy data in more detail in just a 
few moments. 

So, there is a large under-served COPD market, and indeed BROVANA's profile may very well provide patients with a 
long awaited weapon to help fight the battle with breathlessness and the symptoms associated with COPD. COPD 
patients stratified by age at roughly 68% below age 65, and 32 above age 65. This age distribution provides for a broad 
payer market. We anticipate that these major payers in the market will include large commercial payers for the 
under-65 population as well as Medicare Part D for those 65 and older. 

And like XOPENEX, BROVANA will be prescribed in the retail and hospital channels where we have a significant 
presence with our current field force structure. During our launch here beginning in April of 2007, providers may have 
the ability to get reimbursed for BROVANA under miscellaneous or temporary codes provided by CMS. These codes 
provide a bridge for patients and providers to get access to newer drugs in advance of the complete review finalization 
and a warning of the J-Code and reimbursement, which we are targeting for January 2008. 

Also on schedule and requiring little to no change in order to effectively capitalize on the BROVANA opportunity is 
the targeting and deployment of our field organization over 1,700 representatives strong. We are well positioned to 
promote BROVANA within our growing well-established respiratory franchise among key pulmonary specialists as 
well as other physician specialties that see large numbers of respiratory patients. 

Sepracor is also well entrenched among key hospital, institutional and long-term care settings, where use of respiratory 
medications is very high. We will also be targeting our loyalist customer base that will welcome an even more 
complete respiratory portfolio to treat the patients. Many of these loyal customers have XOPENEX market shares 
upwards of 50 to 60% share based on years of using XOPENEX and finding important clinical benefits, distinctly 
different from what they had used in the past. 

In addition to our respiratory specialty field force, we will also be able to leverage our large primary care field force in 
conjunction with our LUNESTA details. In summary, we are excited to bring BROVANA to the marketplace. We have 
a large and growing market, an important drug with unique benefits and a very well established respiratory field force 
ready for a new addition to the arsenal. But most importantly, we're excited to help COPD patients breathe better with 


BROVANA and look forward to updating you with our progress in the months ahead. 

Thanks very much. Back to you, Jim. 

W. James O'Shea, President and Chief Operating Officer 
Thank you, John. I think BROVANA obviously is going to be a very exciting addition to the respiratory portfolio. 
Thanks, John. 

I would now like to turn to LUNESTA's third quarter performance. LUNESTA's revenue in the third quarter was 141.6 
million, up 40.4% on third quarter '05, which brought the nine-month sales to $418.8 million. On inventory, this quarter 
and going forward, in line with progression of contracts with the three main wholesalers, we are now basing our 
inventory calculation on the actual inventory dollar from the three main wholesalers. Based on these data, we calculate 
we finish the quarter with approximately six weeks of inventory at wholesales and retail pharmacies. For reference, 
using the same methodology, we finished the second quarter with again six weeks of inventory. We expect this level of 
inventory to remain steady for the rest of the year. 

On the prescriber base, we continue to add new prescribers at the rate of 1,500 new prescribers per week, with to date 
over 280,000 unique prescribers since launch. In terms of prescriptions, well over 8 million prescriptions have been 
written since launch with August and September representing the two highest months since launch with 577,000 scripts 
written for LUNESTA each month. For reference, the refill rate in September was 41.2, and the toughest for scripts was 
29.5, actually similar to the last few months. Also for reference the split between retail and non-retail prescriptions for 
LUNESTA is currently running at approximately 94% retail, 6% non-retail. The prescription volume momentum seen 
in the second half of the quarter was reflected in LUNESTA's market share resulting in LUNESTA currently capturing 
15.1% of new Rx's and 14.4% of total Rx's, as of the week ending October 13th. 

Really an encouraging picture which is further reinforced when the latest impact of Rx data on patient request for 
LUNESTA is viewed. Here in these – in fact Rx data which is measuring the percentage of patients requesting a 
particular anti-insomnia agent, as reported by a panel of primary care doctors over a rolling four weeks ending October 
13th. LUNESTA as illustrated here in the green line was the leading anti-insomnia agent with approximately 35% of 
patient requests a very good sign. 

On managed care access the picture remained mostly unchanged during the third quarter with LUNESTA in Tier 2 or 
Tier 3 in 80% of managed care lives. Also versus Ambien CR, LUNESTA has maintained this quarter twice the second 
tier access and with about half a percentage of prior authorizations. 

Finally on growth in the underlying sedative hypnotic market, here the disruption seen in the market earlier in the year 
appears to have stabilized the growth in the quarter being 15% in TRx's similar to the second quarter. 

With that brief update I would now like to hand over to Dr. Mark Corrigan. 

Mark H.N. Corrigan, MD, Executive Vice President, Research and 
Development 

Thank you, Jim. Today I'm going to address our recent successful FDA regulatory action on BROVANA and cover 
LUNESTA with an update on our ex-US activities. Finally, I will comment on our early stage pipeline and discovery 
platforms. BROVANA, the first long-acting beta-agonist in nebula form approved for chronic obstructive pulmonary 
disease has been a major effort. The clinical program had 16 studies involving almost 2,000 patients and volunteers. 
The NDA received first cycle approval in advance of the ten-month PDUFA date. In my view the rapid approval 
reflects the quality of all research and development points of the NDA, particularly the familiarity with the regulatory 
process and the sophistication of clinical understanding of the respiratory disease area. The indication is for COPD, 
although the label will carry the long-acting beta-agonist class label black box warning for paradoxical reactions in 


asthmatic patients. 

This is the graph from one of the pivotal Phase III studies that appears in the label that John referred to previously. It 
dramatically depicts the rapid onset of BROVANA's bronchodilatory effects as measured by the improvement in 
FEV1, primary measure of outcome improvement in breathing, depicted in the pink as compared with the placebo in 
blue. This effect is sustained over the twelve-hour period. Not only is this efficacy seen during the first week of 
treatment as demonstrated in the earlier graph but BROVANA continues to show clinically significant improvement 
versus placebo 12 weeks into the study, showing effectiveness for COPD patients over longer treatment periods. 

LUNESTA's ex-US activities continue to progress nicely, following a successful meeting with the Japanese regulatory 
authorities allowing a bridging approach to our JNDA which allows us to reference the existing US NDA. That has the 
potential to greatly truncate expense and development time. We are proceeding to submit the CTN or Japanese IND 
this quarter and plan to commence a clinical pharmacokinetic study in the elderly next year. 

In Europe we have had informal meetings with potential rapporteur countries this summer and have a formal scientific 
review with Sweden scheduled during the fourth quarter in advance of our meetings with the CHMP. Pending 
successful outcome our target for filing our MAA or European NDA, would be the second quarter of '07. 

We are preparing to commence our European insomnia with co-existing depression study next year. This study seeks to 
examine whether LUNESTA in combination with EFFEXOR leads to a more robust antidepressant response than 
EFFEXOR alone. We continue to see the Phase IV data rollout, and are particularly excited about our presenting our 
study of LUNESTA in insomniacs with comorbid generalized anxiety disorder at this December's American College of 
Neuropharmacology meeting. 

On our early stage pipeline SEP-289, our triple reuptake blocker and SEP-162, a potent combination of norepinephrine 
and serotonin blocker intended for depression, are in Phase I. We are targeting starting Phase II on both of them next 
year. 

For SEP-330, our combined norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor, we are conducting additional pre-clinical 
work and should the data bear out may be undertaking further Phase I clinical studies in Parkinson's disease next year. 
With three NDAs approved in the last three years, we have not focused publicly on the changes and discovery research 
at Sepracor. We have evolved from our isomer metabolite platform, retaining chemistry skills and capitalizing on our 
pre-clinical and clinical development capabilities. 

We target large growing markets with unmet medical needs, depression, schizophrenia, anxiety and pain. We have 
balanced our portfolio selecting targets where known pharmacology leads to effective therapeutics such as our 
monoamine reuptake program and GABA 2 agonist program and balanced them with novel targets with high market 
potential and less competition such as DAAO and M1. Our goal in these programs is to move to two to three INDs a 
year creating sustainable product flow. Back over to you, David. 

David P. Southwell, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
Secretary 

Thank you, Dr. Corrigan. For the year 2006 we are lowering our LUNESTA revenue guidance from $620 million to 
$575 million. For XOPENEX, however, we are increasing revenue guidance for both the unit dose vial and metered 
dose inhaler formulations. Specifically UDV revenue guidance for the year is increased from approximately $500 
million to about $535 million, and MDI guidance has increased from approximately $20 million to approximately $30 
million. Alliance revenue guidance remains at about $35 million, and the resulting total revenue guidance remains 
unchanged at approximately $1.175 billion for the year. 

On the expense side, the selling, general, and administrative expense guidance remains at about $770 million. Research 
and development guidance is reduced from approximately $185 million to approximately $170 million for the year. 
Full operating expense guidance includes stock option expense. As a result of these changes, primary earnings per 


share guidance is increased from about $1.25 to approximately $1.40 per share for the year based on unchanged 
weighted average shares outstanding for the year of 105 million shares. On a fully diluted share count of 116 million 
shares this equates to an increase in EPS from approximately $1.13 to approximately $1.25. Tim. 

Timothy J. Barberich, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, David. We'll now open the session for Q&A. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Adam Greene of JP 
Morgan. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping you could describe if there's been any impact 
from the seven-day challenge, what that has – the impact it may have on scripts, what percent are returning to 
LUNESTA for follow-up prescriptions after the seven days are up and how the scripts are accounted for? Then also, 
any update on XOPENEX reimbursement, realistic when you think we'll hear back from the American, if there's been 
any negotiations on going with CMS? 

<A - Timothy Barberich>: Jim, you take both of them. 

<A - James O'Shea>: I'll take both of them. On the second one, on the LCA, I think really at this stage we prefer not to 
make any comments around the LCA, Adam. On the seven-day challenge which we think is going very, very well, it's 
difficult to look at this stage in terms of the number of patients redemptions, although we are gathering that data. But to 
try to put it into perspective, since inception which was really beginning end of August, beginning of September, the 
vouchers actually only account for less than 2% of LUNESTA's total scripts. So, what we're looking at is that it's being 
really impactful in actually guiding principally new patients into the doctor. The doctor is actually giving them the 
seven-day voucher. The patient then takes it to the pharmacy, redeems it, and so on. But what we're getting then is 
obviously the patients and the doctor being excited about the value of LUNESTA, and that is reflected in the upsurge in 
market share. So to date, we're already seeing it as a very good message point and indeed incitement to get patients into 
the doctor. But in terms of scripts, less than 2%. 

<A - Timothy Barberich>: I just might add to that that while it's less than 2% '07 pill scripts, it is driving the increase 
in market share of the 29 pills per script. So, it's driving our underlying script business. 

<A - James O'Shea>: Of course. And, sorry, one more point, thanks, Tim, is I did say the tablets per script across 
September was 29.5. In fact, the difference between when we started the voucher scheme seven days to what it is now 
comes down from about 29.7 to 29.2 in terms of weeks into the campaign. So, relatively marginal effect in terms of the 
overall impact, but I think a great effect in terms of increasing market share. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: And that seven days voucher is considered a new script --? 

<A - James O'Shea>: Yes, it is. 

<Q - Adam Greene>: Okay. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Greg Gilbert of Merrill Lynch. 


<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Thanks. Good morning. I have a couple. First, Jim, what was your inventory calculation 
methodology before the change that you mentioned? The reason I ask is this obviously affects the dollars per script 
calculation pretty significantly given that you said the inventory level was stable quarter to quarter. Can you talk about 
the change? 

<A - James O'Shea>: Yes, indeed. Of the line, we're progressing contracts with the wholesalers and what that means is 
we actually now get very viable data in terms of their actual inventory. We actually get screen shots from the 
wholesalers and that occurred this quarter, which we were pretty excited about. Previous to that we used a calculation, 
physically the calculation of x factory sales and IMS demand and we backed into the inventory at the wholesalers. So, 
we're pretty excited now. We have got much more accurate information in terms of the actual inventory at the three 
main wholesalers. And then we factor up the three main wholesalers in terms of the universe. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: So, going forward that sales per tier x multiplier will ebb and flow with inventory levels, perhaps 
be reduced somewhat by pill count. Any other factors we should consider? 

<A - James O'Shea>: No, I think that's it. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: And then on the MDI front, are you able to offer an approximate net price per unit for us or at 
least comment on whether the 13 million in sales this quarter was reflective of end user demand as opposed to stocking 
or destocking? 

<A - James O'Shea>: It certainly wasn't in terms of – stocking, we actually finished the quarter with 6.5 weeks of 
inventory on MDI, which is obviously coming down very, very nicely. The driver on MDI was from two factors really. 
You have seen the upgrade in terms of retail. We have obviously said this in the past, we are very aggressive on the 
contracting side as well. So, it's really a combination of aggressive contracting and retail growth. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: So, no comment on price per unit? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I'd rather not do that. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Okay. And lastly, my quarterly strategic question for Tim. Tim, I'm assuming you're not in a 
position to discuss strategic options that the company may be pursuing, but can you comment on how aggressively 
you're pursuing licensing or acquisition opportunities to address your pipeline gap between BROVANA and your Phase 
I assets? 

<A - Timothy Barberich>: Yes. Obviously, we're pursuing that as aggressively as we possibly can. We've had a 
program ongoing for at least a year looking at late stage assets. But as you know, late stage assets, particularly primary 
care assets, are few and far between. And luckily, we also have I think the ability to do some very novel things in terms 
of line extensions, in terms of dosage forms, in terms of new indications, and so on of existing products. So, the heavy 
focus on internal development of programs that don't quite have much visibility at this point in time in parallel with the 
activities in terms of in-licensing. 

<Q - Greg Gilbert>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Rich Silver of Lehman Brothers. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: Yes. Couple of questions. Just on LUNESTA, I think you had mentioned that 6% of scripts now 
were non-retail versus retail, and I think in the past it was closer to 10%. Is that correct? 

<A - James O'Shea>: Yes, I think when we – when we launched, we were looking at approximately – we thought it 
would be about 10%. In '05, it turned out to be about 8%. And now for '06, it's looking to be – I quoted 6% non-retail, 
94% retail. 


<Q - Richard Silver>: Okay. And then, can you just clarify again on LUNESTA pricing, last quarter and the previous 
quarter you had mentioned that there had been some couponing and some – certainly some of the price increase that 
you took in January having given back. Can you provide a little bit more commentary on what kind of pricing or 
rebating you're seeing in the quarter? It certainly appears that if inventory was stable and we're doing our script 
extrapolated sales estimates correctly that the difference had to be some on the rebating or discounting side? 

<A - James O'Shea>: We are truly trying to be as sensibly aggressive as we possibly can in terms of forming position. 
But I wouldn't say this quarter was any – that different to the second quarter, for example, and we did see – I think, I'm 
looking at Bob Scumaci, some price flowing through into the third quarter. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: So the average price per script in the third quarter was not lower than the second quarter? 
<A - James O'Shea>: No, it wasn't. I'm just looking for confirmation. 
<Q - Richard Silver>: Okay. And then <
A - Timothy Barberich>: Net of the reversal, it was slightly lower. 
<Q - Richard Silver>: It was slightly lower. Okay. 
<A - Timothy Barberich>: Yes, net of the reversal. 
<A - James O'Shea>: I'm sorry. You go ahead and answer it. 
<Q - Richard Silver>: Net of the reversal. And then on -<
A - Timothy Barberich>: Rich, Just to clarify, I think the thing – to help put the puzzle together -people have been 


calculating from the IMS retail and adding maybe 10% on top of that for other channels, and actually it's turning out to 


be closer to a 5% increment above the retail IMS demand side for total demand. 
<Q - Richard Silver>: Right. I'm just trying to understand whether that was a dramatic shift from one quarter to the 
next or whether it's been just a gradual decline? 


<A - Timothy Barberich>: I think it's been a gradual decline. 
<Q - Richard Silver>: Okay. 
<A - Timothy Barberich>: And then, of course, this inventory calculation where we, you know, if IMS in the 


traditional way of looking at pipeline, if IMS cumulative scripts had any bias in one direction, that makes successive 
quarters less accurate, so that's why we've switched to this actual – almost a physical inventory at the wholesalers as a 
way of determining what the demand side is. 

<Q - Richard Silver>: And couponing is still about 2%, which is what it has been in the past? 
<A - David Southwell>: The seven-day coupon is about just less than 2%. 
<Q - Richard Silver>: Right. And then, on XOPENEX Neb, can you clarify what percentage would be from the 


hospital channel? 
<A - James O'Shea>: I am sorry, can you repeat the question? 
<Q - Richard Silver>: Yes, on the XOPENEX Nebule, what percentage from hospital? 
<A - James O'Shea>: About 20 to 22%. That's remained fairly steady over the last few years, I think, Rich. 
<Q - Richard Silver>: Okay. Thanks very much. 
<A>: Thank you. 



Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Larry Neibor of Baird. 

<Q - Lawrence Neibor>: Thank you. Good morning. Could you review what needs to be done between now and 
launch of BROVANA in order to make that a successful launch? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I have the experts sitting in the room here. Maybe you just give a brief summary, sharing mind 
competition, John. 

<A - John Simon>: Yes, sure. Just from an overview standpoint, we have a nice opportunity with an approved product 
between now and the time we launch to educate physicians about BROVANA since the drug, we have an approved 
label. So, we have primarily a couple of major activities between now and the launch which include targeting and 
identification and profiling of physicians who indeed see the most COPD patients and are most interested in nebulized 
therapies. Secondly, alerting these physicians to the availability of BROVANA, its profile and probably, most 
importantly will be getting these physicians in the queue for sampling of the drugs, so upon drug approval we can 
actually have drug in physicians' offices with patients pre-identified and ready to actually use the drug. I think in 
addition to that our halo of activities from our medical affairs groups include aggressive publications, an appearance at 
the major respiratory society, indeed ATS, which is very close to our launch of BROVANA in the April timeframe, 
gives us a nice opportunity to showcase our drug product availability to the key opinion leaders around the United 
States. I think broadly speaking that's what the majority of the activities will look like in addition to all the 
behind-the-scenes work that we will do to ensure proper reimbursement and access to patients. 

<A - James O'Shea>: Thanks, John. I think, Larry, the summary of that in some sense is that we're absolutely online 
for the April launch, the second quarter launch, but we did see with LUNESTA, I think the period between an approval 
and the eventual launch we used very effectively, so you saw at launch that we had a great deal of momentum. I think 
that's the sort of philosophy we are going to employ, John, I think on BROVANA. 

<Q - Lawrence Neibor>: Can you give us some idea of the expected pre-launch costs? 

<A - James O'Shea>: That's something I really won't go into at this stage. 

<Q - Lawrence Neibor>: From your presentation it appeared as if you have no intention of increasing the size of the 
respiratory detail force. Is that correct? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I think in terms of the overall sales force for the launch of BROVANA, yes, you are correct, we 
are not going to increase the total sales force. We have the capacity within the present sales force to give BROVANA 
its sales calls as needed. 

<Q - Lawrence Neibor>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Matt Duffy of BDR Research. 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: Good morning and thanks for taking my call. I wondered if you – I got on a couple minutes late 
and if you have discussed this I apologize. Did you discuss the share of voice in the sleep market and what your 
position is, if you feel like that's sufficient or do you need to do something more on that? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I didn't actually mention it, no, on this call. If I look at it – and one of the data sets I use is, and 
we use and maybe you look at as well is ImpactRx. And it really has remained steady this quarter, virtually the same as 
last quarter where you have clearly sanofi-aventis, in terms of their capabilities with the leading share voice on the 
Ambien franchise as a whole, and we're generally number two in terms of share of voice. We look at it not so much in 
terms of competition but really pretty much academically in terms of coverage of the various doctors of potential and 
the frequency that we can actually impart on those doctors and just to give you one stat, I won't go into too much detail, 


with our present complement and the way we are organized, we are delivering upwards of 40 calls on the top three 
deciles of primary care doctors, which we think is more than sufficient. So you could always say that you'd like more 
resources in terms of the sales force, but we think we've got certainly adequate in terms to make sure that the share of 
voice is heard and I think the latest market share up tick shows that the third family care sales force we have put into 
existence in May is now starting to really have an effect. 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: And how about on DTC? 

<A - James O'Shea>: We feel very active on DTC. As you know and many people have reported and we do see the 
impact of DTC clearly being seen in driving those new patients into the doctor. And we are increasingly getting an 
increasing share of those patients coming on to LUNESTA. So we see it as a very valuable and cost effective if that's a 
term you can use against DTC of putting the message out on LUNESTA. 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: Very good. In terms of use of the depression data in promotion, where do you see that fitting in and 
when? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I'm not going to go into detail, but obviously a lot of these questions have been around the high 
competitive nature of the market but we really do see it as a very important study that clearly illustrates that you can 
use LUNESTA to really, as a very valuable agent to treat insomnia with patients with depression. 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: And one last area, if I could ask to you discuss, is with Ambien potentially going generic – or likely 
going generic in the spring of next year, what's your initial read on how managed care may react to that in terms of 
formulary positioning of all the sleep agents? 

<A - James O'Shea>: It's more than an initial read in many ways because I think we're seeing what their intention is 
very clearly now and indeed as for the last six months, I think managed care does look forward as you know, and we 
clearly see it. And they're already positioning Ambien into the preferred physician, so we're seeing the division of what 
it's going to be like in terms of April. And we – and more importantly we're also seeing where they're trying to position 
Ambien CR, and I think I illustrated in my presentation that we are about two to one in favor of LUNESTA in terms of 
second tier of LUNESTA versus Ambien CR. What we're seeing already is a very good picture of what we'll see in 
April. 

<Q - Matt Duffy>: Okay. Very good. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Larry Neibor of Baird. 

<Q - Lawrence Neibor>: Thanks. A quick follow-up. Do you feel that you need to continue heavy DTC spend or 
couponing in order to drive LUNESTA market share, or do you think that the publication of the comorbid test results 
will begin to drive market share on its own? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I think in many ways what we're looking at is all of the above. What we are seeing is a very 
competitive marketplace. We're pleased with what we've put in so far in terms of the sales effort and indeed to the 
DTC. Both seem to be really paying fruit in terms of establishing LUNESTA in the marketplace and we do see, I think, 
the use of LUNESTA in comorbid conditions is being a very valuable piece of information for doctors to understand 
and to look at. 

<Q - Lawrence Neibor>: Okay. And then a question on a different area. I think during the call someone mentioned 
that roughly 90% of albuterol CFC production will halt in the next few months. Could you expand on that somewhat 
and what that would mean for Sepracor? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I think it's going to be good news. I think just to be clear, what I said was the production – about 
90%, if you take the two manufacturers account for about 90% of the production in terms of the availability of CFC. 
What we don't know is actually the stockpiling that has occurred within the marketplace. But what it indicates and what 


we're getting signs on is an earlier transition to the HFA than certainly the December '08. So, I see it as good news for – 
for XOPENEX HFA. 

<Q - Lawrence Neibor>: Thank you. 

<A - James O'Shea>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Bert Hazlett of BMO Capital. 

<Q - Robert Hazlett>: Thanks and thanks for taking the question. You have talked about this in several other ways, 
but I just want to know if you could address this maybe more directly. It looks like you're able to manage promotional 
expense reasonably well this quarter on the SG&A line. Do you think that had an effect on LUNESTA prescriptions in 
the quarter or LUNESTA revenues, and when chronologically should we think about a ramp up in SG&A spend, a 
significant one, anyway, for the launch of BROVANA? Thanks. 

<A - James O'Shea>: I'll answer on LUNESTA. And really the plan that we've had in place which really was the plan 
we had at the end of last year is what we're really rolling out and we're seeing that with – within that sense. We are 
trying to be responsive to competition as you should, but we don't see any meaningful impact in terms of our ability to 
compete with LUNESTA. 

<A - David Southwell>: On your guidance question, we'll be updating you on the guidance for next year at the 
beginning of next year when we report our fourth quarter numbers, Bert. 

Operator 

Does that answer your question, sir? 

<Q - Robert Hazlett>: Yes, it does. Thank you. 

<A - James O'Shea>: Thank you, Bert. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Denny Frank of Sibarias. 

<Q>: Hi. On XOPENEX MDI, given that the – you have the largest sales force in the MDI space now, it doesn't appear 
other than Ivex anybody is going to promote. The annual cost of the product is – per patient, is relatively small, it's like 
50 or $60, or 40 or $50. Your price differential is relatively de minimis versus albuterol – could you just give me some 
idea as to where you expect your formulary status to end up on that and how the clinical data that you recently 
introduced would affect that? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I'll talk about the formulary status, maybe John, if you want to talk about the clinical aspect, 
you're closer than I. I'm not going to give too much details if you can imagine in terms of formulary status. But it's very 
similar, actually we're pretty pleased with the formulary status on the NDA. It's very similar to that that we enjoy with 
the UDV, and it's spread really across from first tier, and we do have some first tier, and we do have second and third 
tier. But at the moment, the access to the MDI, we are very, very pleased with. John? 

<A - John Simon>: I think with regard to the clinical information, I think maybe some foreshadowing to what we 
expect is what we see right now already with our current XOPENEX MDI market share in the HFA market although 
right now that HFA market is indeed only 10% of the overall albuterol market. As Jim mentioned earlier in his 
presentation, we have already achieved 33%, almost a commanding market share in that HFA market. With regard to 


your questioning around price and so forth, when we obviously launched into the MDI market, the price differentials of 
those other brands is obviously much smaller than when we were in UDV market and we had such a low cost generic to 
compete with. We think that that already commanding share in the HFA market is indicative of what physicians think 
of XOPENEX MDI, which is – that's different, that it works differently, it behaves differently and patients have a 
differential effect from it. That's what we're finding now from our early promotion and that seems to be carrying 
forward. So we're excited about the profile and the clinical data supports that. 

<Q>: Okay. And given the change that that was announced recently that takes effect, I think starting in November, if 
you got six weeks of inventory in the system by the end of December, the pull through for HFA is going to be pretty 
dramatic. Do you have capacity? And two, have you readjusted because of that change? Have you done anything with 
your sales force to begin putting a little extra promotion on the product? 

<A - James O'Shea>: The answer is yes on the sales force side. I'm not going into detail, but we clearly see that where 
potential is, we will obviously put the efforts. In terms of flexibility and capacity, I think we made a very good choice 
in terms of 3M being our manufacturing partner. And we – we're pretty confident that we can meet the expectations in 
the marketplace for the MDI. 

<Q>: Okay. And one final question for Mark Corrigan. Could you explain the difference between DVS Wyeth's follow 
on to EFFEXOR and 162 from a clinical – from a technical risk perspective and possible efficacy advantages that yours 
may have? 

<A - Mark Corrigan>: Yes. First of all, DVS 233 is the pharmacologic profile and preclinical material that we have 
seen published on it differ from our product 162. Whether those are going to bear out in terms of efficacy advantages, I 
think is something that has yet to be determined in the clinic, however, we do think that seeing the differences there and 
in view of seeing their data and understanding their program we believe that we may be able to design our program to 
illustrate that advantage. While still holding on to some of the other advantages that DVS 233 has compared to its 
parent EFFEXOR, so that's a bit of a wait and see. We think it's – we think we've got a shot at demonstrating that, 
though, where we are. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A>: Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Marc Goodman of Credit Suisse. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Yes, I have got a couple of questions. Let me just start out with inventories. I just want to 
make sure I understand something because you all had mentioned that for both the MDI and LUNESTA that – 
inventory levels were basically flat from last quarter into this quarter, but you did change the way that you are looking 
at inventory. I guess I just want to understand if you wouldn't have changed the way you're looking at inventories 
would they have still been flat? 

<A - James O'Shea>: Let me be clear. I actually quoted on the MDI that we were 6.5ish weeks for this quarter. I don't 
think I even mentioned last quarter but we actually had about 16 weeks inventory last quarter, so we have come down 
dramatically on MDI, which you would expect, I think, Marc. In terms of the way we're now calculating it, I think we 
always in a sense wanted very viable data from the wholesaler, but what we have this quarter is really in line with 
contractual progression of the contracts with wholesalers in terms of information flow. We now literally have screen 
shots from them. So, we can actually depend on the data that we're getting. Previous to that we really didn't – we really 
could not verify the data that we were getting from the wholesalers. So, we backed into it by the calculation of X. And 
this is really, we went back all the way to launch X factory and then obviously IMS demand. So, we backed into it at 
the wholesaler level. And in fact, it came out this quarter six weeks, last quarter at about six weeks on this calculation, 
on the old calculation would have been about, I think I said about five weeks. It actually came very much – we can't go 
too far back from that. If I look at the first quarter, they were roughly the same by both calculations, around five and a 


half weeks. So, I think what we're looking at now is we have much more confidence in terms of the data that we are 
getting from wholesalers. And then, I would just say what we do then is extrapolate the three main wholesalers up to 
the universe. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: So, the bottom line for LUNESTA for the analysts who want to model this product going 
forward, take the revenues that you reported this quarter, divide it by the total prescriptions, you got a price per script 
that's pretty accurate to use going forward is what you're saying? 

<A - James O'Shea>: I think that's right. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Okay. 

<A - James O'Shea>: I think that's right. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Second of all, can you talk about the discussions that you've had in contracts that you've 
already signed for 2007 with the commercial guys for the XOPENEX UDV product, please? And how those 
discussions are going and whether they're comfortable, and the context of the question is obviously you're not going to 
comment on Medicare, we know that no one really knows yet what's going to happen, but I'm just curious whether the 
commercial guys are holding out on doing deals until they find this out or are they doing the deals just like normal 
because it's really time to have those discussions --? 

<A - James O'Shea>: We're actually seeing business as usual in terms of our contracting strategy and the way we 
employ it. We have not seen any demonstrable change. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Are they making you take significantly more discounts than you would have expected on 
those contracts? 

<A - James O'Shea>: On XOPENEX UDV, you're talking now? 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Yes, I'm saying -


<A - James O'Shea>: No, we are not seeing any difference at the moment basically this quarter. We're not seeing any 
change in terms of environment – the backlog in terms of contracting. I'm not going to obviously comment on the 
actual contracting itself. We have seen no seminal difference. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Feel like a lot of it's done, do you feel like you know what your '07 commercial business is 
going to look like already? 

<A - James O'Shea>: You mean the crystal ball? 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: In the forecast. I just mean are the contracts set for the pricing and you're pretty much done 
there? I don't mean the demand. 

<A - James O'Shea>: We tend to do – contracts basically are either multiyear or generally a year. So, I think, we've 
got a fairly good view in terms of established customers in terms of the UDV, but I would say in the background we're 
always looking to be as sensibly aggressive as we can. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: One last question which is I know you're not going to give me the SG&A for next year. Just 
big picture though, just can you talk philosophically about why spending would go up next year versus this year? 

<A - Timothy Barberich>: I am not really going to give guidance for next year at this point in time. And the reason 
for that obviously is that, it has a lot to do with how we finish the year. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: I'm assuming the SG&A guidance for the full year assumes a BROVANA launch cost starting 
into the fourth quarter and I would have to think into the early part of next year. So we have that as an incremental 
spend. Promotional spending was huge this year for LUNESTA, so I guess I was just trying to get a sense of, do you 
feel like you got the right level or you have to go up to a whole other level just on the promotional spending? 


<A - David Southwell>: We really don't want to get pushed into doing any guidance for next year, Marc. We have 
given you the SG&A guidance for the balance of the year, which you can deduce because we're in the fourth quarter 
from the overall guidance of 770 million. I think rather than boxing ourselves in we'd rather leave it at that. 

<Q - Marc Goodman>: Thanks guys. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your next question is from Jon Stephenson of Summer Street Research. 

<Q - Jon Stephenson>: Thanks for taking may questions. Wanted to make sure, if I might have missed this but wanted 
to make sure I understood where the inventory levels were for not the MDI or the LUNESTA, but for the UDV as of 
the end of Q2 under the new methodology. You might have indicated that but I wanted to double-check that? 

<A - James O'Shea>: The end of the second quarter? 

<Q - Jon Stephenson>: Right. 

<A - James O'Shea>: I think around six weeks. 

<Q - Jon Stephenson>: Okay. 

<A - James O'Shea>: But the UDV hasn't changed. I'm getting a message from Bob Scumaci. 

<Q - Jon Stephenson>: Okay. And then lastly, just in terms of – at what point would you anticipate that either or both 
of the depression compounds might be moved into Phase II trials? 

<A - Robert Scumaci>: We're anticipating both of them will look at proof of concept next year. 

<Q - Jon Stephenson>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Timothy Barberich>: We'll take one more question. 

Operator 

Thank you. Your final question is from James Kelly of Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - James Kelly>: Good morning. I wanted to know why in the HFA guidance it appears that in the fourth quarter the 
implied number for the fourth quarter is sequentially down. If you have 30 million in guidance and you reported 13 in 
the quarter, why is it pointing in that direction? 

<A - David Southwell>: Well, I'm not sure we really want to get into it too much. We clearly had a great quarter this 
quarter, and we're trying to guide to numbers that we believe we can achieve, and you're making a very astute 
observation. Hopefully we'll beat it. 

<Q - James Kelly>: Along the same lines, if I take a look at the LUNESTA progression through the year, on a reported 
level the first two quarters of the year were just under $140 million. If we adjust for the TRICARE, the third quarter 
was just under $140 million. And it looks like the implied number for the fourth quarter is up a lot. Should we be 
thinking about anything in terms of changes in the size of scripts, price per scripts, inventory, or anything else that 
would cause a change in trend here, especially with prescriptions sequentially increasing to see this number roughly 
flat? I know there's some one-time changes with inventory. Help us understand why that progression is going to look 
different 

<A - James O'Shea>: I think what we're looking at is building on the market share gains we've seen in the second half 
of the third quarter and we're looking to see that progress into the fourth quarter and also that the stability that we've 
seen in the underlying markets maintain – so the gross of the year is what we predict. But we're seeing inventory, you're 


absolutely right. We do see inventory remain steady. So the principal factor is really market share. 

<Q - James Kelly>: And lastly, I think also the implied SG&A spend going into the fourth quarter is also up 
sequentially, and I'm just interested in is there anything specific going on that we should be thinking about that's 
driving that? Thanks. 

<A - James O'Shea>: No, that's really just in line with our tactical plans for the fourth quarter. 

<Q - James Kelly>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. I will now turn the floor back over to Timothy Barberich for any additional or closing remarks. 

Timothy J. Barberich, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you. We appreciate you joining us this morning. We look forward to reporting our progress at the next earnings 
webcast in January. I would like to mention that we will continue to display webcasts of our past four quarters on the 
Sepracor website and we will add today's telecast to our archives. Thank you again. 

Operator 

Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. An audio replay of today's call will be available for one week 
starting today at 10:00 A.M. Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 973-341-3080, and the pin number is 7924338. Please 
disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2010, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


