Company Name: Sigma-Aldrich 
Company Ticker: SIAL US 
Date: 2007-04-25 
Event Description: Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

Q1 2007 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Franklin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to 
welcome everyone to the Sigma-Aldrich first quarter 2007 results conference call. [Operator Instructions] 

Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Kirk Richter, Treasurer of Sigma-Aldrich. Sir, you may begin. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Thank you and good morning to all of you. And welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. With me today 
are Jai Nagarkatti, our CEO and President, and Mike Hogan, our Chief Administrative and Chief Financial Officer. In 
today's call I will review our first quarter performance after making a few introductory comments. Mike will follow 
that with details on our sales and earnings guidance for all of 2007. Jai will then wrap up our comments with 
observations on our performance, and expectations and a review of activities on our five key growth initiatives. Then 
we will open up the call for your questions and comments. 

Before commenting on the results, I do need to remind you that today's review will include forward-looking statements 
about future activities and our expectations for sales, earnings, and other possible future results. We believe that these 
expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially due to any number of 
factors, including the risk factors listed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and 
in the cautionary statement in yesterday's release. 

We have no plans to update these forward-looking statements after this conference. Also, SEC regulations require us to 
provide information on any non-GAAP financial measures that we cover in today's conference. That information, 
which consists of currency and acquisition adjusted sales growth and profit and EPS results both on a pro forma and 
reported basis, is also contained in yesterday's release, which is posted on our website. 

Now lets review our first quarter results. As reported in yesterday's release, sales increased 11.9% to a new quarterly 
record of $496 million. Organic growth of 6.6% was right in-line with our 7% internal growth target. All four of our 
business units contributed to this organic growth with three of the four units meeting or exceeding their long-term 
growth goals in the quarter. 

Currency benefits added 4.1 percentage points to growth, and our February 2007 acquisition of Epichem contributed 
another 1.2 percentage points. Details of the Q1 increases for each business were included in yesterday's release so I 
won't repeat them today. But I will mention a few encouraging items that underlie our optimism about achieving our 
sales growth expectations through the remainder of 2007. 

Our core businesses of Research Essentials and Research Specialties continued to perform at or above expectations. 
Our programs focused on global strategic accounts and the fast growing, emerging Asia Pacific and Latin American 
markets that were launched at the beginning of 2006 continued, producing above target growth for both units. 
Resurgent sales to Pharma companies produce low double-digit sales increases to this customer group for our two 
largest research businesses as well. 

Sales to academic and government accounts in the US remain a bit more challenging, as government funding of disease 
research remains virtually flat. Our SAFC business continued to exceed expectations. Expanded capabilities helped 
drive Q1 growth, continuing the momentum experienced in Q4 of 2006. The 2006 acquisitions of Iropharm and 
Pharmorphix, a new state-of-the-art Medicinal Chemistry Lab in our Bangalore, India facility, and new capacity for 
high potency raw materials used in drug formulations at our Madison, Wisconsin site all contributed to the strong 


increases for SAFC's custom pharmaceutical business. 

Enhanced capabilities to provide larger quantities of our catalogue research products provided low double-digit 
increases for our Supply Solutions business. The 2006 addition of a new clean room and packaging facility at our 
Sheboygan, Wisconsin location, coupled with the recent addition of Epichem's 40 million in annualized revenues more 
than doubled quarterly sales for SAFC's Hi-Tech business in the first quarter. 

And SAFC Biosciences added serum sales volume as a result of the 2006 placement of serum and media in 42 new 
clinical trials, although ongoing price pressures and other market factors more than offset these volume gains. In 
looking towards the future, the new and expanded capabilities we have added through acquisition or internal 
investment, all contributed to a substantial increase in our booked ordersfor future delivery. Overall sluggishness in the 
Life Science market continued to impact of growth in our Research Biotech business. Good growth in molecular 
biology product sales was offset by continued weakness in synthetic DNA product sales, due largely to price erosion. 
You will hear more from Mike on our growth expectations for this business. 

Moving onto our profits. We have encouraging news to report here as well. Reported Q1 diluted EPS of $0.56, which 
includes a positive currency benefit, represents a reported gain of 14.3%, and a pro forma increase of exactly 12% after 
considering a $0.01 purchase accounting charge in the first quarter of 2006. A reconciliation of pro forma to reported 
net income and diluted EPS is in the Supplemental Financial Information section of yesterday's release. 

Operating and pre-tax margins in Q1 2007 remained strong at 22.9%, and 21.7% of sales respectively compared to 
23.3%, and 22.1% respectively, for last year's first quarter. Our slight margin decline is due largely to higher cost levels 
from our February 2007 acquisition of Epichem. We fully expect that the operations of this acquisition will be neutral 
to mildly accretive to full-year of 2007 earnings as we integrate that business into our SAFC Hi-Tech operation over 
the remaining quarters of 2007. But acquisition-related charges may result in overall earnings attributed to Epichem 
that are neutral to mildly dilutive to otherwise reportable Sigma-Aldrich results. 

Continued contributions from process improvement activities were supplemented by positive currency benefits; but 
these benefits were largely offset by increased cost to ramp up production in packaging, to support our strong sales 
growth, to make further additions to our field sales organization, and to increase IT staffing to support our 
previously-announced $7 million upgrade to our website to keep it the leading site in our industry. 

Our effective tax rate improved to 30.3% in Q1 2007 from 32.1% for last year's Q1 reflecting benefits for lower 
international taxes, and the Q4 2007 restatement of the US R&D credit, partially offset by the expiration of US export 
tax benefits. 

Now, I will ask Mike to comment on our 2007 sales growth and EPS expectations. Mike? 

Mike Hogan, Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer and 
Secretary 

Thanks, Kirk and good morning. As we shared in the yesterday's release, we are reiterating our 7% organic sales 
growth expectation for 2007. Having virtually achieved it in Q1 with organic growth of 6.6%, with continued strong 
momentum on each of our growth initiatives, and with a record level of booked orders for SAFC, we are very 
comfortable. These successes, and additional new programs later slated to rollout over the next few quarters, should 
enable us to hit that 7% target for the full- year. 

Within that expectation, underlying market growth of roughly 3% is expected to continue through the year, and pricing 
isn't expected to change much, providing about 2% of the growth for our three research-based businesses yet again this 
year. We continue to benefit from a small, but not separately identifiable, carryover benefit from the four smaller 
acquisitions we closed last year, though the vast majority of that benefit will complete its full cycle during the second 
quarter of this year. 

Although first quarter SAFC sales of 132.6 million were up nearly 11% organically, we recognize that they were 
largely equavalent to the record sales achieved in last year's final quarter. In establishing our forecast for growth, we 
are also mindful that our baseline comparables for SAFC increased substantially during the final three quarters of last 
year. But with all that said and acknowledged, we are still very comfortable with 7% as a realistic and deliverable 
target. 


So, let me provide a little insight on our expectations for the upcoming quarters. It's likely our sales growth in these 
quarters will vary a bit more than they have historically, due to the lumpy nature of our SAFC business and it's growing 
relative importance in our numbers, as well as from the occasionally sporadic timing of Research Biotech library sales. 
Our Research Essentials business delivered expected organic sales growth of 4%, for both 2006 and this year's first 
quarter. The activities that enabled Research Specialties to exceed its 6% long-term organic growth goal last year, 
gained momentum in Q1, boosting this unit's organic growth to 7.7%. 

Since the sales run-rate – the daily sale's run-rate – for both of these units is generally our best parameter for results in 
upcoming quarters, we expect these results to continue, but we are not taking that belief or expectation for granted. We 
plan to add new products, continue to work with our largest accounts to gain even more of their business, take 
advantage of new technologies to improve both classic and e-marketing initiative, and look to exploit further 
opportunities to replicate our ongoing successes in the CAPLA, that's Canada, Asia Pacific and Latin American 
markets. 

For Research Biotech, recent sales growth has been slower than expected, but we fully expect to improve on Q1 sales 
growth performance in upcoming quarters. We don't expect to be able to fully replace the growth opportunities lost 
during the first quarter in those subsequent quarters, so we are revising our full-year organic growth expectations for 
Biotech down to about 7%. What is going to enable us to achieve such a growth level? We expect strong sales growth 
for molecular biology products to continue. 

Recent additions to our sales staff and use of our successful process improvement techniques to test and add new sales 
approaches for our innovated biotech product should also contribute. The pipeline for gene silencing libraries, while 
slower to materialize than we had first estimated, is improving, and new web-based search tools for genes were just 
launched in April. 

We are optimistic that these and other activities can boost sales growth in upcoming quarters, we remain enthusiastic 
about this business over the longer term, and we fully expect to return to a 10% growth target as market conditions 
rebound in the years ahead. 

Moving from research to our growth engine and fine chemicals, our SAFC business continues to perform well, 
increased cGMP manufacturing capacity, additions to our sales force for, both in our pre-acquisition businesses and 
through the additional Epichem, the continued benefit from the 2006 placement of our serum and media products in 42 
new clinical trials in SAFC Bioscience, the addition of 23 emerging pharmaceutical companies to our customer-base, 
increased recognition of our single-source supply chain capabilities through Supply Solutions, and expanded and 
acquired capacity for our Hi-Tech products all give us confidence that we can sustain the 10% organic growth achieved 
during Q1 over the full-year. 

While we are not really willing to disclose the level of booked orders for future delivery for competitive reasons, I 
think you'll agree with our conclusion that a 30% increase in that number from December 31 levels, to yet another 
record high at the end of March ought provide some support for our optimism about SAFC's prospects. 

Our mid-February acquisition of Epichem provided a 1% contribution to Q1 sales growth, and we expect that 
contribution will increase to 2% in upcoming quarters and for the year in total. While we have nothing additional to 
report today on the acquisition-front, we are continually evaluating and in discussions with others, and based on the 
deal flow we are seeing, we fully expect to add more new technologies, capabilities, and our geographic locations to 
supplement our organic growth in 2007 and beyond. 

So, let's recap our current sales growth expectations: We expect organic growth of 7%, with the three units that are 
meeting or exceeding our growth expectations making up for what is happening in research biotech. Epichem will add 
another 2% to our organic growth, and if exchange rates remain 03/31/07-levels, currency would add another 3 
percentage points to that 9%. With no major changes in our sales expectations, we have maintained our diluted EPS 
forecast for 2007 of $2.15 to $2.25 a share, representing a 5 to 10% increase over our 2006 results. An increase in the 
currency contribution to sales growth from 2% in our initial guidance for the year to 3% currently isn't yet sufficient to 
move the expected diluted EPS range up, but it may well enable us to deliver results at the higher-end of that range. 
This includes our expectation for Epichem that Kurt commented on earlier. 

Pre-tax margins for 2007 should remain largely in-line with the 21.1% we achieved in 2006. Moving to taxes: we 
continue to expect a 30 to 31% tax rate for the full-year, as previously shared. But as we indicated in yesterday's 
release, there could be some changes here during 2007. The implementation of FASB Interpretation No. 48, which 


covers uncertain tax positions, requires us, and others, to disclose changes that may occur in these uncertain positions 
in the next 12 months. And we will do that in our first quarter, Form 10-Q that will be filed early in May. This 
disclosure will indicate that the potential exists for us to lower our expected tax provision for benefits from tax audits 
and related contingencies just as we have been able to do in each of the three preceding years. 

The potential benefit in the next 12 months could be as high as $6 million or roughly $0.05 per diluted share. When 
might that occur? Unfortunately, since the timing on these things is outside our control, we can't be very specific here. 
The best we can say is that it may occur in the next 12 months, depending on tax audit outcomes and other events that 
are not always predictable. On the flip side, these benefits may be partially or totally offset by proposed changes in 
international tax rates. So, we would encourage you to do what we have done and not include any of these potential 
changes in your EPS expectations for 2007 until the potential becomes reality. 

Finally, we expect a very modest contribution to EPS from our share repurchase activity. We have already repurchased 
1 million shares in the first quarter, and it is likely we will continue at that pace through 2007, assuming market 
conditions and other factors remain favorable. 

Cash provided by operations is also off to a good start in 2007, with $87.6 million generated during Q1. That is on 
track with our expectations to generate roughly 350 million for the full-year. This cash was supplemented with net 
borrowings of roughly 23 million. And that new cash, and those borrowings, were reinvested in the Epichem 
acquisition that required 45 million of cash, share repurchases of almost 42 million and 20 million of property and 
equipment additions, leaving our cash balance largely unchanged from year-end. 

With this start, we look for another strong cash year in 2007. I will now ask Jai to compete our review with comments 
on our sales and earnings growth initiatives, and their contribution to 2007 performance. Jai? 

Jai Nagarkatti, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you Mike and good morning everyone. Two months ago, I told you that I expected 2007 to be an exciting and 
rewarding year for our Company. Our first quarter certainly met those expectations, and it gives us a solid basis for 
believing that we will continue to deliver on our sales growth, earnings, and return-expectations over the remaining 
quarters of the year. 

Our five growth initiatives continue to drive this performance. In reviewing our accomplishments and expectations on 
these, I will focus, not just on what we have already achieved, but more importantly on what we expect to achieve on 
each of them to enable us to deliver our forecast sales growth and diluted earnings per share of $2.15 to $2.25 per 
share. Kirk and Mike have already covered results and expectations for our four business units, the key elements of our 
customer centric focus. 

Overall, Research Essentials and SAFC are right in-line with our growth targets, and at roughly 2.5 times the size of its 
smaller Research Biotech sibling, the consistent superior performance by our largest unit, Research Specialties, in 
beating its long-term growth-goal should make up any shortfall in Research Biotech sales from our initial 2007 
expectations. Our second key initiative, achieving accelerated growth in CAPLA markets, is also on track; here we 
expect 15% currency adjusted growth for 2007. 

Achieving this will increase sales to these markets by 1% of total revenues as we did in 2006, enabling us to stay on 
track to have our CAPLA markets represent 25% of our sales by the year 2010. The emerging markets in CAPLA are 
delivering consistent GDP growth, becoming more integrated with an important-to-the-world economy. And our 
Internet initiatives, which I will cover shortly, are key factors that will enable us to expand our reach and exploit these 
favorable market conditions as a truly global product and service provider. 

We have four, key sub initiatives helping us to achieve our expectations in the CAPLA markets. First is to exploit 
country specific opportunities; our customers in different regions of the world have unique needs and we are working to 
address those needs in unique ways. Leveraging OEM partnerships to supply markets in which we have relatively small 
shares, particularly for our high volume Research Essential products. And second, we are increasing our direct presence 
in high-growth countries. Here our focus continues to be on China, India and Brazil. We estimate that research and 
development expenditures in China and India alone are in the $3 to $4 billion range, with these economies growing at 
at least two-times the rate of those in the US and Europe. 


Our first quarter sales growth in China was 53%, followed closely by India at 48%, with only one percentage point of 
the growth in these two markets provided by currency. Our expanded presence in China complete – which was 
completed in 2006, includes a ten-fold increase in employees and a new distribution center. Our new production facility 
in India, both supports local market demand and provides material to our other production facilities throughout Europe 
and the United States. 

These investments are making a clear difference in our ability to serve customers in those markets. Not to be 
overlooked, our first-quarter sales growth in Brazil was 36%, equivalent to what we achieved for all of 2006. The third 
component of our CAPLA plan is to acquire local assets and technology, and then successfully integrate them into the 
broader Sigma-Aldrich organization. The April 2006 addition and integration of Beijing Superior has exceeded our 
expectations so far. Customer response has been exceptional, as evidenced by the 53% sales increase I just shared with 
you. And we have identified more than 25 additional companies that would complement our business through OEM 
arrangements, cooperative ventures, or acquisitions in those markets. So just stay tuned. 

Our final CAPLA, sub-initiative is to fully leverage our considerable ex-US supply- chain's strengths. We have 
expanded our resources in China and India to source materials that support both our global customers and our own 
internal requirements. For the longer term, this should also enable us to leverage our capital efficiency, as we seek to 
improve our inventory turns and plant capacity utilization. On our third major strategic initiative, which is to build on 
our Internet superiority, we set new records yet again during the first quarter. 

E-commerce sales to our website and direct links to customers hit 50% of our U.S.-based research sales for the first 
time. And e-commerce sales leapt to 39% of our overall research sales in the first quarter, up from 36% just one quarter 
ago. What's driving this? We are certainly being headed by the increasingly Internet savvy generation of young 
researchers, but we are also charting our own destiny here. We have now more than 200 major customer accounts 
linked through direct system-to-system connections. B2B procurement solutions, including computer-to-computer 
connections are now more affordable even for mid-tier companies, and we continue to increase the information 
available on our site, drawing nearly one million unique visitors to our site in the month of March alone. 

Customers have told us that there are spending more time investigating solutions on the Web. And as we watch our 
customers click on and navigate around our site, we are able to retune our search engine and modify the search content 
to get relevant information to our customers even more quickly. This is an area that is all about making the complex 
appear simple. We are just months away from rolling our multi-million dollar upgrade of our website, in an effort to 
make it even more information-rich, and much easier to navigate. As you have heard, I have said it for many years 
now, we fully expect the Internet to be a key driver of overall revenue growth for years to come. 

On our fourth major initiative, a continuing commitment to process improvement, expanding its reach yet again this 
year; with over $3 million in saving in the first quarter of 2007, we fully expect to deliver the 15 million in targeted 
savings for the year. But we have also learned that our approach to improvement can be used to generate top-line 
organic growth. 

Mike gave an example earlier in his comments about our actions to improve Research Biotech growth. In all, we have 
launched half-a-dozen major projects aimed at applying our demonstrated improvement methodology, and skills to 
grow revenue. One of these projects involves driving the international sourcing activities that I mentioned earlier. 
Another one involves providing custom products and services. So watch for revenue successes, as well as continued 
cost productivity and quality savings. 

And finally, we are off to a great start on acquisitions. As you know, we're looking to add $65 million of the right kind 
of acquired revenues in exciting new technologies, expanded capabilities of promising geographic markets this year. 
We achieved 40 million of debt through the Epichem deal, and we have product from exhausting the opportunities 
available from the list of 175 potential candidates that we developed as part of our strategic plan back in late 2005. And 
others we have added to that list more recently. So stay tuned here as well. 

What's my take-away message from all of this? It's that our Company is faced with a year filled with plenty of 
opportunities. We know where they are, we fully intend to exploit them, and I fully expect to end 2007 just as it has 
begun: by hitting our 7% organic growth-goal, by expanding that through acquisitions, and by delivering dilutive 
earnings per share of $2.15 to $2.25 for the year. So on behalf of Kirk, Mike and our 7,600 colleagues around the 
globe, I want to thank you once again for joining us today, and for your ongoing interest in our Company. Now, let's 
open up the call for your comments and questions. 


Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Good morning. 

<A>: Good morning, Quintin. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: As we look at the Biotech business, as I look at last year, you kind of had a very good Q1 and then 
a down Q2, so if the average did over the six-month period, it was more like 7% growth. Could – how much of the Q1 
in 2007 was a function of just being up against a tough comp year-over-year? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Quintin, this is Jai. I think it is – really speaking – let me color, in general, color the Biotech. 
You have heard a lot about our Biotech during our presentation today. Overall, we're very pleased with the progress. 
We recognize that there are specific components within Biotech that are exceeding our expectations in terms of 
performance, and there are some areas, which are sluggish. New products, especially in the gene silencing area, are 
growing at double- digits, and the effort here continues to be very good. 

We see some continued softness in the synthetic DNA, the Oligo business. Here we are redirecting our effort to focus 
more on the large pharma accounts, and early indications are we're getting some attention and we are actually not 
disclosing specifics, now started to get some real good large multi-million dollars in hand. So we are very positive that, 
on the next several quarters, second half of this year, we have seen improvement in the first quarter that should start 
getting the results back on track. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Just a bigger picture question, Jai: the impressive growth that you're seeing in CAPLA, especially 
China and India, how much longer do you think it will take for this market segment to be as big as, let's say, some the 
Western European markets? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: This is Mike, so we have announced that this area of the world, which admittedly includes Canada 
and Japan, which are obviously growing more slowly than China, India, and Brazil, will be 25% of our total volume by 
the year 2010. Europe, as we sit here today, is at about 40%. So that gives you a rough idea of the speed at which we 
think these tremendous growth rates in our promising ex-US markets will help us rebalance the load. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thanks. I will jump back in the queue. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mike Sison with Key Bank. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Hi, guys, congratulations on a great quarter. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Thank you. Good morning. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: In terms of pricing for Oligos, what do you think you need to see in that products as well as I 
knew there were a couple of others in that area, to see some stability in terms of pricing going forward? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think, Mike, here obviously as you will know, the pricing on the Oligos, it continues to be a 
pressure; that's fact number one. Second thing is, the large number of orders we have seen in previous years, you don't 
see that any more with that same frequency, which means that we would have to work, and I mean we, all of us who 
are in this business, have to work harder to get the attention of the large pharma, where most of this activity still is 
happening. And as I mentioned earlier, we have refocused our effort towards large pharma and we are very pleased 
with the initial results that we're seeing. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Okay. And when you look at the organic growth rate in SAFC, it is a good quarter, the full-year 
looks pretty good. Any difference between – you have four businesses in there – is it driven by Supply Solutions, is the 
SAFC Pharma growing at a higher growth rate, and if it is, can you give us a little color on that? 


<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Yes, Mike, as we told you earlier, I think we have four components in there. By far, the largest 
piece really is Supplied Solutions. And there we have actually seen significant growth much more promising than what 
we had expected. And again, that's the result of a focus and specific attention that we are paying to certain markets 
within that. SAFC Pharma, which is largely customs, Mike shared with you that we have the largest booking in history. 
Again, it is a result of effort, but Pharma is not as large as Supply Solutions. Hi-Tech, you know that we are making 
some significant inroads in terms of expanding our capability, both organically and through acquisitions. So overall, all 
of the three of the four segments within SAFC are outperforming our expectations. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: So the growth rates generally about the same? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: More or less the same, yes. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: More or less the same. And then, when you take a look at Research Biotech, in terms of still 
meeting that goal, do you need more time for the sort of selling and issues that kick in and then we would see a very, 
very strong, let's say third quarter, or do you sort of see it coming in sort of evenly from the second quarter on? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Mike, this is Jai again. As we said, our expectations are, when we said that we are now looking 
at around 7%, that means in the second, third, and fourth quarter, we want to stay with the target that we had 
established in the past. The reason for our belief is, I think some of the things that we are doing are showing signs 
which are promising, so your question is correct: our expectations for Q2, Q3, and Q4 are in-line with what we had 
originally budgeted. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Okay, great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Good morning gentlemen. I would like to add my congratulations on a very nice quarter. 
Couple of questions: first of all, can you go over the impact Epichem is having on margins currently, and you talked 
about it being accretive for the year, but then all-in costs may make it dilutive to Epichem. Can you just take us through 
that one more time? I think I missed the discussion there? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Sure, I think what we were saying Dmitry is, if you look at the margin changes, where we talked 
about overall margins being down by 50 basis points from the low 22% range to the 21% range, that largely comes 
from Epichem, both its operations and from some relatively small, what you might call acquisition-related charges, not 
one-time, but purchase accounting charges that are certainly less significant than what we have seen in the past. We 
believe that as we integrate that operation into our overall Hi-Tech business that the operating margins will improve; 
obviously the initial purchase accounting charges are going to be with us. So, we are certainly comfortable overall that 
we're going to keep our operating and pre-tax margins above the 22 and 21% levels that we saw last year. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay, so if I understand you correctly, if you exclude the purchase accounting, this would 
be a mutual to an accretive acquisition, if you include the purchase accounting and other acquisition-related expense, it 
could be slightly dilutive? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: As forecasted for the full-year, Dmitry, in the first quarter, it was just plain slightly dilutive. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Right, okay. All right, great. Thanks. Secondly, your working capital has been trending up, 
I guess beginning in the first quarter of last year for every quarter. I mean, I know there is some seasonality to it, but it 
just seems to be on an upward ramp over the last five quarters. Can you take us through what's driving that? Is it just 
business growth or are you building inventories in your CAPLA regions? And when can we expect to perhaps start 
getting some capital out of working capital? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So, the good news there Dmitry, this is Mike, is that the two things we measure there, because 
they reflect our working capital in relation to our sales, our DSO, or days sales outstanding on accounts receivable, and 
that's behaving flat, which is pretty good because that means we are continuing to improve in the US and Europe to 
offset somewhat slower payment terms in these emerging markets. They tend to have longer pay cycles and it also 
means that our research business is performing well there, because SAFC customers tend to also have somewhat longer 
payment cycles given their size and the size of their orders. 


With regards to inventories, I'm happy to say in our last quarter's call, we talked about how the inventories were up and 
months on hand after years of decline had actually gone up slightly, but that was intentional to build these inventories 
in the CAPLA markets, and I had said at the time, that if that was correct, that these inventory builds would lead to 
sales that we would see that months-on-hand number come down; in other words that the sales would actually 
materialize. That actually happened in this quarter, we came down about 2/10 of a month. We continue to believe over 
the long-term that there is plenty of opportunity to bring this number down further through supply chain improvements 
and other methods. But we actually think we made progress in this quarter on working capital. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: All right. Thank you. That's helpful. And then can you address a little bit the one area of 
weakness in SAFC, which was the industrial media sales? Is it a – are we waiting for something to anniversary – is it 
just a soft spot in the market or is there something else going on? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Dmitry, as we said before, the SAFC industrial cell culture business, there are two components 
to it, and I think the serum business, we continue to see a little decline in the volume demand for a couple of reasons. 
One is, as you know, customers are moving away from animal-component containing media, and the second one is also 
timing. Large orders can be lumpy, and we believe that for the whole year we don't expect a significant change over 
what we told you earlier in the year. On the positive side, the development that we shared with you is that we have 
now, our serum or media in 42 new clinical trials; that's very positive development and expect that some of these will 
grow as these projects pass through the various phases of clinical trials and the larger volume should really come in the 
months and years ahead. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Is there anything going on with the pricing of serum or availability or anything like that? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Availability is not an issue, pricing, obviously, as people and supply and demand issues, I think 
there are price pressures there. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Derik de Bruin with UBS. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Good morning. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Good morning Derik. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Good morning Derik. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Skipping over the pricing and the synthetic DNA market, can you just talk about pricing in 
general in Biotech. Have you seen any changes in the environment in the wake of some of the big M&A activity that 
we saw last year? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Derik, this is Mike. No, pricing overall from the whole research business continues to run at the 
kind of 2% level that we have seen for virtually the entire time I worked here and we are not seeing any kind of 
degradation in pricing. The DNA thing, Moore's Law has been going on for at least the last five years, where volumes 
double and prices get cut in half. I guess the hopeful note there is we are getting so close to zero, the fall can't go too 
much further on pricing. But no, we are not seeing weakness on prices in the rest of the Biotech sector. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay. And you mentioned that you are basically looking for a flattish pre-tax operating 
margin? Going forward, I guess, how much room for expansion is there in that pre-tax margin? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So we often get asked this margin expansion question, and we generally answer that and I will 
again today the same way we have, which is, we think a 20%+ ROE and margins in the kind of 21% pre-tax range, is a 
very strong performance and a good balance between customer and owner expectations. That said, it is our intent to try 
to edge margins up slightly as we move forward, and we think the process improvement in our supply chain efforts will 
enable us to do that. We will promise consistent performance and hope to beat that Derik. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay, fair enough. And you mentioned that you're seeing – or the number out there for R&D in 
China, India is about 3 to 4 billion. How much of that is Life Sciences R&D? 


<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think the split is no different than the split that we see everywhere balanced between small 
molecule and Life Science, mostly tilted towards the Life Science research. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay, thank you very much 
<A - Mike Hogan>: Recall, Derik, that we are a small percent of total spend there as we are in research here in the US 
or in Europe, but nonetheless, a small percent of 3 to 4 billion is a lot of money. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Right, thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Dan Leonard with First Analysis. 
<Q - Dan Leonard>: Hi everyone. 
<A - Mike Hogan>: Hi Dan. 
<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Hi Dan. 
<Q - Dan Leonard>: I will follow up first on that last question. Mike, you see a small percentage of the 3 to 4 billion 


as really addressable. What percentage would you say that is? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: The reagents are generally about 5% of R&D spend. The vast majority of R&D spend is in 


buildings, equipment and people. And so that the actual reagents, I think 5% is as good a number as I have seen written 
anywhere. It is certainly no more than kind of 7 or 8, and it might be as low as 4. 
<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. And Jai you have mentioned a couple of times about the 42 clinical trials that you have 


moved your serum into; should I assume these are Phase-I trials? 
<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Yes, most of these are early stages with typically Phase-I, yes. 
<Q - Dan Leonard>: And on your Research Biotech business, can you give me any specific examples of products, or 


families of products within molecular biology that you mentioned were growing pretty well? 
<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Okay. For example, our siRNA libraries are getting a lot more attention; that's one specific 
example. And even some of the older product lines, cell-signaling products, which account for a significant piece of 
Research Biotech, they are growing at high single-digits; that's the second example. RNAi, with tetraphosphoremerides 


as reagents are a few examples of tools in the Research Biotech, which are growing at a much faster rate than synthetic 
DNA. 
<Q - Dan Leonard>: Actually, can you remind me what portion of Research Biotech is synthetic DNA? 
<A - Kirk Richter>: About 20%. 
<Q - Dan Leonard>: In the initiatives you have to improve that business, you have mentioned an increase in sales 


force. How many new sales people are you adding, and on what base in that business? 
<A - Kirk Richter>: I think we talked about adding 6% to our overall sales force during the first quarter. And those 
were, if you take the acquisition out, the remaining, little more than 50% of that was somewhat split between SAFC 
and Biotech. But the other thing we have done, in addition to beefing up the sales force is, there is new web tools to 


find those biotech-type products that we rolled out just this month with more to come on that as well. So it is not only 
feet on the street, but it's being able to use the Web more effectively to order those products. 
<Q - Dan Leonard>: Is it safe to say your Biotech sales force is growing double-digits? 
<A - Kirk Richter>: High single to low double, yes. 
<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you very much. 


Operator 


Next from Robert Willoughby from Bank of America Securities. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Hey it is Jon Wood. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Good morning, Jon. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Good morning. Just another one on cell-culture if I might: I understand your comments on Sera, but 
can you just offer some anecdotal or commentary on the media portion of that, I mean I would imagine that Sera is a 
smaller component of that business now, and just wondering what you are seeing in media, volume, and pricing? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Again, when we said these 42 clinical trial projects that is a combination, it is not only Sera; this 
is also some of the custom media that we are developing for the various cell lines, so that is combination. Quite a few 
of this really are custom media, serum containing, and both serum-free. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Just to add, the media is growing quite nicely and the custom media where a lot of the value gets 
added as a supplier to help our customers accelerate their success. Those pieces are growing very well. Pricing in media 
is wonderful, we have no issues of pricing in media. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And would you be willing to offer, I mean you grew 11% organically in the business and 
industrial I guess is a third of that, so it couldn't have been that bad if you grew 11% in SAFC. Would you be willing to 
offer a growth rate there, I mean is it flat, is it half the growth rate of SAFC or anything you would be willing to give us 
there? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: I think Jai indicated the four segments within SAFC are all growing more or less at the same rates, 
they are all within a couple of points of one another. So, we don't want to go into great detail there or we will end up 
starting to report seven business units, but they are all growing roughly the same. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. Great. Thanks. 

Operator 

There are no further questions at this time. Gentlemen, are there any closing remarks? 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Just one, and that's to thank everybody for their participation today. We look forward, we do expect to release results 
for our second quarter of 2007 on July 24, and will follow that with our conference call on those earnings on July 25 
again at 10 o'clock Central time. This concludes today's conference. 

Operator 

Thank you ladies and gentlemen for dialing in for today's Sigma-Aldrich first quarter 2007 results conference call. You 
may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


