Q2 2009 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer 
• Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
• Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Quintin Lai 
• Mike Sison 
• Dan Leonard 
• Amy Zhang 
• John Roberts 
• Dmitry Silversteyn 
• Jon Wood 
• Jing Dai 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Anthony and I will be your conference operator today. Today's conference is being 
recorded. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Sigma-Aldrich Second Quarter 2009 Results 
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions] At this time I will now turn the conference over to Mr. Kirk Richter, Treasurer and Investor 
Relations contact. Please go ahead, sir. 

Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer 

Thank you, Anthony and let me also add my good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference 
call. With me today are Jai Nagarkatti, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Rakesh Sachdev, our CFO, who's 
joining us from Asia today. 

After my introductory comments, Rakesh will review our second quarter performance and our full year 2009 outlook. 
Jai will follow that with comments on our performance, the market conditions and more color on our full year 2009 
outlook. After completing those reviews, we'll open up the call for your questions and comments. We will be using a 
slide presentation as part of today's call. That presentation can be viewed by accessing our Investor Relations website 
on sigmaaldrich.com. 

Before we begin these reviews, I do need to remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements 
about future activities and our expectations for sales, earnings, cash flow and other possible future results. While we 
believe these expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, actual results may differ materially due to any number 
of factors, including the risk factors listed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, 
and in the cautionary statement that is included in today's release and in our slides. 


We have no plans to update these forward-looking statements after this conference. Also, SEC regulations require us to 
provide information on any non-GAAP financial measures covered in today's conference. That information, which 
consists of currency and acquisition-adjusted sales growth, profit and EPS results on both a pro forma and reported 
basis and free cash flow reconciled to net cash provided by operating activities, is also contained in today's earnings 
release, which is posted on our website. 

Now I'll ask Rakesh to begin our review. Rakesh? 

Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Thanks, Kirk, and good morning. As we reported in today's release, second quarter sales of $522 million, improving 
slightly on the 519 million reported for this year's first quarter, and our second quarter net income of 84 million and 
diluted EPS of $0.68 matched our first quarter performance. 

Currency was again a significant factor, with reported sales 10% or almost $59 million below last year's second quarter. 
The adverse impact of currency reduced reported sales by 8%. An organic increase in research sales of 1.5 of 1% was 
more than offset by 7% organic decline in our SAFC sales, producing an overall decline in organic sales of 2%. That's 
due in part to the timing of the Easter holiday in 2009 compared to last year in 2008. 

Our second quarter net income, exclusive of a $13 million currency impact, was up 7% from last year's second quarter, 
as we delivered on our promise to seek process improvement benefits and manage costs to offset this currency impact. 
Finally, our reported diluted EPS for the second quarter was $0.68 compared to $0.70 in last year's second quarter. This 
reflects a 70 basis point improvement in both operating and pre-tax profit margins from last year's level. Excluding the 
negative impact of currency, diluted EPS would have been $0.79, representing a 13% increase. I'll have more 
comments on our sales and income results shortly. 

Finally, we added another $73 million to our free cash flow in the second quarter, to bring the year-to-date result to 
$159 million, putting us on track to achieve the previously forecast free cash flow for all of 2009 to be in excess of 
$300 million. 

A $23 million international tax payment in the second quarter partially offset by an improvement or a reduction in 
performance working capital, was the major change in free cash flows between the first two quarters of 2009. 

With the timing impact of Easter this year in the second quarter, it's helpful to look at results for the first six months to 
accurately judge our performance so far in 2009. Excluding a 9% currency impact on sales, our organic sales 
performance matches what we achieved in the first six months of 2008. You may well be asking what that indicates 
about our belief that we can achieve low, single-digit organic sales growth for all of 2009. I'll address that when I 
review the sales results for our Research and SAFC businesses. 

Our year to date reported net income reflects the continued impact of currency that was more than offset by benefits 
from our supply chain projects, lower SG&A costs, and pricing actions. Our diluted EPS grew even faster than net 
income, with the help from our share repurchases that provided a $0.03 benefit in the second quarter, and a $0.06 
benefit year to date. 

Consistent with our prior forecast, our plan for 2009 is to achieve low single-digit organic sales growth. While the 
second quarter performance was challenging due in part to the sales increase experienced in last year's second quarter, 
and the impact of Easter this quarter, we believe this expectation is achievable for the full year, particularly since we 
will be comparing to a weaker 2008 second half. We also indicated that we plan to maintain our earnings per share 
slightly above 2008 levels. We believe that we've demonstrated that with our year-to-date performance and fully 
believe that performance can continue in the final six months of this year. 

Let's now review our sales performance for the second quarter and the first six months of 2009. Several factors 
contributed to the organic growth in research sales of one half of one percent in Q2, compared to the three plus percent 
organic sales gain we realized in the first quarter. 


The primary factor was the timing of the Easter holiday this year versus last, that had an impact that we estimated at 
between 1 to 2%. Each of our three research based business units experienced roughly the same reduction from Q1 to 
Q2. Excluding that, we don't believe that this change from Q1 to Q2 reflects any significant change in the research 
markets we serve and we fully expect performance to normalize and rebound in the second half of the year. 

We saw some indication of that stronger performance in all markets in June. We did achieve a $10 million increase in 
SAFC sales in the second quarter over our first quarter level. But that Q2 increase was matched by an even stronger 
gain in 2008's second quarter, over that year's first quarter. So the performance in Q2 relative to Q1 doesn't appear as 
strong. But that's the nature of this business, with quarterly variations being somewhat the norm. 

Within our four key focus areas in SAFC, we also saw somewhat inconsistent performance between the first two 
quarters of the year. Our Biosciences, Pharma and High Tech businesses all saw higher sales in the second quarter than 
the first quarter, offset by a modest decline in our supply solution sales. 

In all cases that's again the strongest quarterly performance in 2008. But performance in upcoming quarters is expected 
to rebound, as we saw our booked orders for future delivery increase again, with a second quarter increase of 19%, 
building on the first quarter gain of 16%. 

As you can see in our margin analysis, our overall pre-tax margin for the second quarter improved by 70 basis points 
from 22.6% in 2008, to 23.3% this year. And our year-to-date margin was up 130 basis points, based on a even stronger 
performance in this year's first quarter. Currency was again a significant headwind for us during this quarter, and 
reduced our second quarter margins by 1.6%. More than offsetting this were contributions from our supply chain 
initiatives, reductions in SG&A expenses, and lower interest expense driven by lower rates. 

As indicated earlier, our cash flow continued to be a strength, and we are on track to again generate more than $300 
million in free cash flow in 2009. Our investment and working capital continues to be a focus, reducing that cash use 
by over $30 million from last year's first six months. The timing of an international tax payment in the second quarter 
offset that. We are on track to spend roughly $110 million for capital in 2009. 

Consistent with what we reported a few months ago, we have not encountered any change in our ability to place 
short-term debt in the US or any of the international markets. We feel we have a strong balance sheet and have 
sufficient cash and borrowing capacity to adequately fund our operations and make selective acquisitions later in 2009 
and beyond. 

Our performance expectations for all of 2009 remains consistent with what we reported at the end of the first quarter. 
Organic sales growth is expected to be in the low single digits. At current rates, currency will likely reduce that by 
about 5%, slightly below the 8% impact that we reported one quarter ago. On profitability, we continue to believe that 
we can deliver diluted EPS for 2009 above the record $2.65 we reported for 2008. 

We expect our EPS in the second half to largely match our first half performance. That guidance is based on our sales 
expectations, continuation of our cost improvement efforts, current exchange rates, and our belief that our markets will 
not change much from what we have experienced in the first six months of 2009. 

We expect currency will remain a strong headwind, but our supplies chain activities and cost management activities are 
expected to offset a currency impact based on current rates in excess of $0.40. 

Now I'll ask Jai to complete our review with comments on the drivers of our second quarter results, current market 
conditions, and more support for our 2009 forecast. Jai? 

Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Rakesh, and good morning everyone. Let me start by saying that I am pleased with our second quarter 
performance in this challenging economic climate. As we had expected, we saw some softening of sales across all 
Research segments of our business due to the timing of Easter holidays in the quarter. And as we had mentioned during 
our first quarter conference call, we believe that the results for the first half of 2009 are a better indicator of our 


performance and are also the basis for our expectations for the remainder of this year. 

Notwithstanding the slower organic sales growth in the second quarter, we continued to see positive impact from a 
number of initiatives launched in the first six months and even during the past few weeks. Let me review just a few 
highlights of our accomplishments in the second quarter that we believe provide support for our full-year expectations. 

First, sales through our e-commerce channel rose to a new high of 45% of Research sales, up from 44% just one quarter 
ago as we launched new initiatives and increased content on our website. We saw increased traffic to our site following 
the first quarter launch of the new version of YFG or Your Favorite Gene. The Your Favorite Gene search, which is 
powered by Ingenuity, provides researchers with a comprehensive knowledge base of gene pathways and biological 
information, which are all linked to our products. 

We were delighted to learn that YFG was recognized in June with the 2009 CIO Award by the CIO Magazine. This 
award recognizes the innovation and business value of linking science with information technology. This tool and other 
online tools we have added establish us as a premier resource for life science researchers seeking information that 
allows them to better understand complex biological systems. 

A few years back, we made a major commitment to expand our product offering in targeted areas within our Research 
Biotech unit. We added 2,300 new antibodies in the second quarter to bring our prestige line of validated antibodies to 
over 6,100 products, and our total antibody offering to over 20,000. The information on these products has also brought 
new traffic to our website. 

The platform technology of Zinc Fingers licensed from Sangamo Biosciences enabled us to develop new tools to edit 
the genome in living cells. These products are being leveraged in novel ways in a wide array of applications, such as in 
iPS or adult stem cells, protein production and cell engineering and in developing animal models. And there's some 
very exciting news in this area coming soon, so please stay tuned. 

On our initiative to grow sales at a faster pace in emerging economies, we continue to make good progress, as we 
expand our service and presence in these countries. Though still small, we are seeing a great reception in both Chile, 
where we increased our presence earlier this year, and in Vietnam, where we established a presence last year. Our 
expanded distribution center in China should be opened in August, enabling us to enhance our ability to provide 
unsurpassed service to customers in this fast growing economy. 

Excluding the impact of currency, sales growth in the CAPLA countries exceeded other geographic regions with an 8% 
gain in research sales, up slightly from the 7% achieved in this year's first quarter. In our focus markets of India, China 
and Brazil, overall organic growth in the second quarter was 9%. With improved organic sales growth of 16% in India, 
exceeded by an even higher growth of 39% in Brazil. Sales in China improved by over 6% from the first quarter 2009 
levels, but were matched against a very strong 2008 second quarter performance. 

Within our SAFC unit we continue to see increases in our booked orders for future delivery. Booked orders increased 
by 19% at June 30, from the March 31, 2009 level, to another all-time high. These include some significant orders from 
several large pharma accounts for products to help produce vaccines for the H1N1 flu pandemic. 

As we have said in the past, these orders don't provide the majority of sales for any quarter or year, but do provide 
some insight about future sales. So what do we expect SAFC's results to be for the full year of 2009? As you are likely 
aware, it was our SAFC business that experienced the brunt of economic impact in the first half of 2008. Based on the 
increase in booked orders and their expected delivery, we now expect SAFC to make a modest overall contribution to 
our low single digit organic growth expectations for all of 2009, as we were seeing in the currency adjusted declines 
experienced in the first half of 2009. 

Finally our supply chain initiative continues to be a significant contributor to our improved profitability, and ability to 
offset the currency headwind. We achieved another $7 million in pre-tax benefits in the second quarter. Coupled with 
our cost management initiatives and a contribution from our share repurchase program, we were able to offset a 
majority of the $0.11 per share currency impact on our second quarter earnings per share. 


Now that now brings me back to our forecast for 2009. Let me provide a few more details on the expectations that 
Rakesh already shared with you. I've already indicated that SAFC sales are likely to be a modest contributor to our 
expectations of a low single-digit increase in organic sales. Since we don't know what the benefit might be from the 
stimulus or stem cell funding initiatives in the US or the timing, no benefit has been included in this forecast from these 
initiatives. 

Our Research business will likely deliver organic growth consistent with the 2% realized in the first half of 2009, with 
the majority of this coming from our price initiatives, so we are comfortable with our overall forecast for a low 
single-digit increase in organic sales. As Rakesh said earlier, currency will likely be about a 5% headwind to that 
growth if rates remain at June 30, 2009 levels, reducing our overall reported sales below prior year levels. 

With a modest improvement in foreign exchange rates at June 30 from the March 31 levels, the currency headwind at 
the EPS line won't be quite as significant as previously predicted. But we are also likely to incur some of the expenses 
deferred in the first half of the – in the areas of advertising and maintenance. We still keep a tight control on all 
discretionary spending and push productivity levels until business volumes improve and currency isn't a drag on our 
earnings. So I remain comfortable with our forecast of diluted earnings per share above last year's $2.65. The outlook is 
a bit more encouraging that it was one quarter ago. And we are committed to delivering these sales growth and EPS 
expectations. 

Let me conclude by stating that based on our first half performance, we are a lot more confident about our ability to do 
just as well in the second half in terms of earnings per share, which we believe will be supported by slightly stronger 
sales in the second half, our continued focus on implementing supply chain initiatives and a less negative impact from 
foreign exchange rates if rates remain at June 30, 2009 levels. 

I want to thank you for your ongoing interest in our company. We continue to be a leader in the life science and high 
technology markets we serve and have the financial capacity to make investments needed to take share in these 
markets. We remain committed to deliver superior returns for our employees and our investors. On behalf of Rakesh, 
Kirk, and all our colleagues around the world, I want to thank you for joining us this morning. Now let's open up the 
call for your comments and questions. Thank you. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Quintin Lai at Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi, good morning and good evening, Rakesh. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Good evening. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Jai, could you kind of break out a little bit more in terms of some of your market – your in-market 
demand with respect to academic and big pharma and some of your industrial accounts? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Quintin, good morning. See, as we have 
said, I think our markets in the Research business are pretty well evenly split: a third in the academic account, third in 
the pharma, both large and small, and then the other third in the industrial accounts. That's basically the split. Now, if 
your question is how is the performance of all of these three groups within the second quarter... 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Yes. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I would say the academic accounts 
continue to be doing just fine, even though there is some slowness because of the Easter holidays, we didn't see much 
change. Pharma continues to struggle, and we did see a little bit of a slowdown in the industrial accounts. 


<Q - Quintin Lai>: Okay. And then earlier today, one of your competitors talked about the pacing through the quarter. 
April was down and kind of – but then picked up through May and June. What was your experience as the quarter went 
through, and then with respect to your daily sales, are you seeing a return to more normalcy or do you see some days of 
still lots of volatility? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think – this is a very interest 
phenomenon that we have noticed, this year particularly, Quintin. And as the months progress in the second quarter, we 
saw increasingly robustness and strength in the demand with June for us being probably the strongest month this year. 
So that makes us a little bit more confident that perhaps things are beginning to rebound. And as you pointed out, we do 
watch the order volume, even though it's still not at last year's levels. We are seeing promising improvement month by 
month. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Great. Thank you. I'll jump back into the queue. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Hello? 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Mike Sison at Key Bank. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Hey, good morning, guys. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Good morning. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: In terms of SAFC, I just wanted to get a better understanding of your outlook, Jai. The contribution 
that it's going to have for your organic sales growth going low single digits, does that just suggest that it's positive in 
the second half of the year, year over year, versus turning positive for the full year? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That is year over year, Mike. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yes and positive. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: So for the full year '09, the strength that you're seeing for the second half of the year gets it to 
positive. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Correct, yes. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Oh, wow. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: That is correct. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: And how much of the weakness that you saw in the second quarter was due to – I mean you've seen 
a lot of semiconductor chemical-related businesses have issues year over year, and does the improvement that you're 
seeing maybe stem from some good improvement there heading into the second half of the year? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I think again as we said, it is in the 
pharma sector that we are seeing a significant improvement in the booked order backlog. And again commenting on the 
second quarter, I want to remind you that I think the second quarter actual overall SAFC business was stronger in terms 
of actual dollars compared to the first quarter, but when you compare it against the 2008 second quarter, which was 
again a very strong quarter last year, it looks weak. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yeah, I can put a little more 
color on that. In the second quarter when you look at the Pharma and the High Tech business, our High Tech business 
that's really tied to the semiconductor industry was down quite a bit less than what we saw in the first quarter. So we 
actually saw some improvement in both those sectors in SAFC in the second quarter versus the first quarter. 


<Q - Mike Sison>: Okay. And then final question I think the outlook for your organic sales growth is certainly 
encouraging. The outlook for foreign currency, it sounds like you pulled it down, meaning that the negative hit in 2009 
is going to be less. I think you noted $0.50 in the last quarter, and now it's going to be $0.40. So I would, I guess the 
question is why wouldn't your earnings outlook be a little bit stronger given that foreign currency is less of a hit. Is 
there something that, on an operational basis, that sort of pulls back the optimism? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Let me take that question; 
this is Rakesh. So you're right, at the last call we talked about a $0.50 headwind. Now we have said it's going to be 
somewhat in excess of $0.40, in the low $0.40. So if you just look at FX we have picked up somewhere around five, 
$0.06 compared to what we said a quarter ago. 

But I think we have also elected to increase some spending in certain areas in our SG&A, particularly as you heard Jai 
say, there are certain areas of sales and some of the IT stuff that we want to do for our future. So we will use that to 
fund some of the expenses that we did not get into in the first half in the second half. So that's going to have some 
offsetting impact to the currency tailwind that we might get in the second half. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Dan Leonard at First Analysis. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Hi, good morning. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Hi, Dan. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Question on your Research Essentials business. That business is the only one of your businesses 
that's actually tracking better in 2009 versus 2008 on an organic basis. Why is that so strong? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Dan, this is Jai. Let me take that. I think 
the thing is I think again our business really is built on our ability to source products and service products. And this 
year we benefited from that because there were certain products, especially in the HPLC solvent area, where there was 
demand and supply issues. And we were able, and we still are able, to get, procure high quality material and service 
that particular market when our competitors may be struggling. And that is contributing and contributed in the first 
quarter, to the Research Essentials growth, particularly in the U.S. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. And then I have a question on currency as well. So, if the exchange rates stay at current 
levels, we'll actually see a currency tailwind in the fourth quarter and then in 2010. Should we assume that you spend 
that tailwind, which has been the practice in the past? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Rakesh, you want to get – repeat that? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yeah. So, you're right. If the 
currency remains variable at the end of June as we said, we will have some tailwind for the balance of this year 
compared to what we had said at the last call. But again as we all know, currencies are fairly volatile, and we're not 
giving guidance for 2010. We have elected at least for this year, to use some of that for some of the spending we'd like 
to do, but that's not to say that, that benefit will be used for additional spending in 2010. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Thank you. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from Amy Zhang at Goldman Sachs. 


<Q - Amy Zhang>: Thanks, good morning. My first question is about your supply chain benefits. In year-to-date, you 
realized the $13 million, I think that's the pre-tax savings. I think back in March or April your Investors Day, you 
targeted 15 to $20 million annualized of benefit in 2009. So I'm just wondering, shall we expect some update to your 
previous target? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Hi Amy, this is Rakesh. I 
believe even at the last call we had revised that – we were saying that we were feeling like the supply chain benefits 
this year could be in the range of $30 million. We've got close to half of that in the first half, and we are still feeling 
pretty good that we will get to about that number for the full year, and that's built in our forecast. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Got you. Thank you and my second question is, your total cap-to-debt ratio looks pretty low in this 
quarter, it's below 30. I think typically you guys talking about a comparable level is 30 to 35%? So I'm wondering how 
do you address your annual leverage the balance sheet going forward. Are you going to probably step up your efforts in 
share buyback or probably look for some acquisitions? Or what's your strategy? 

<A - Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer>: What we do Amy, is to continue to look for opportunities for 
acquisitions. Our plans for share buyback at this point are just to offset dilutions from our equity award program. So I 
don't think that we are concerned that we are slightly below our roughly one-third goal at this point and still out there 
looking for opportunities to grow our business through acquisitions. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Got you. And then my last question is the growth, organic growth in CAPILA countries now is 
high single digits, and given the strong rebound in the economies in those regions, would you expect accelerating 
growth in the second half of this year? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yes, Amy, this is Jai. I think our – couple 
of points here. I think even though it looks optically there's high single digits, in some countries like I mentioned in my 

– India, for example, and Brazil are doing extremely well. China, which is the other focus country, we are up against a 
very, very strong second quarter of last year where people were – researchers in China were building inventory in 
preparation for the Olympics. And remember, the third quarter is where the China sales were low. So overall, that one 
or two percentage dip compared to our double-digit growth that we have seen in the past is not an issue; it should come 
right back up. 
<Q - Amy Zhang>: Thank you so much. 

Operator 

And we'll take our next question from John Roberts at Buckingham Research. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer>: Good morning, John. 

<Q - John Roberts>: The currency effect was $0.13 in the first quarter, 0.11 in the second. How does the remaining 
16-plus cents spread between the third and the fourth quarters? 

<A - Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer>: Could be slightly weighted to the third quarter, but there will be 
an impact in both quarters. Because as you recall in the past, some of it has to go through inventory and that's the more 
significant impact that we see. So while it won't be split equally, the third quarter will be slightly higher. There will be 
an impact in both quarters. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. And then secondly, in the response to the last question on China, should we expect an 
outsize, kind of very high percentage gain in the third quarter here because of the much easier comparison? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: I think if we are looking at 
the numbers, compare, if the rates continue at the rate at which we have seen, the first and second quarter against the 


weaker comparable third quarter, you are correct. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. And then, Jai, I thought you mentioned that your Industrial segment actually slowed a 
little bit during the quarter over in SAFC. I thought electronics was – electronic materials were the largest component 
of that, and a lot of electronic material companies actually saw acceleration in the quarter. I didn't know if there's some 
disconnect there between your business and the general market? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: No, I think my comment to the earlier 
question was industrial accounts in general for both the Research and not specifically for the SAFC part. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. How about the electronics of the Industrial side? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: You know, again, if I put this in context, 
our SAFC supplies high tech businesses, it's still a very small piece and most of the products are still going in 
development applications, but they're very small in the commercial ones. So when the commercial things turn, it 
doesn't have a big impact of moving the needle one way or the other. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Dmitry Silversteyn at Longbow Research. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but I just want to make sure I 
understand, and I'll admit that right now I don't, what you're doing to drive your margins to the level that you're able to 
improve them. And I'll frame it this way. For years you've been basically keeping margins flat almost regardless of 
what was happening with currency. In 2007, it was – 2008, they were all in the 22.5 or so range plus or minus 20 basis 
points. You have this program that was supposed to increase margins by 1.5 points over three years. And here you are 
in the course of six months improving your margins by about 2.5 points if you subtract the 1.5 point impact from 
currency. 

So how much of this is temporary, where it's just – it's delaying spending that you're going to have to do in the second 
of this year or into 2010? And how much of it is permanent and structural? And then the question is, why haven't you 
done it sooner, if you were able to do it now? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay. Let me address that, John [sic, 
Dmitry] . I think as we told you some time back, that implementing the supply chain initiatives, our expectations are to 
expand our margins by 150 basis points, if we put all the eight interrelated initiatives in place by 2012. 

Obviously we pulled some of these things forward because of the current economic situations. The first half, as you 
know, we got – realized almost $13 million and expect something very similar in the second half. Now some of these 
cost control things are sustainable, and as indicated earlier, some savings are achieved from deferring and delaying as 
well discretionary spending, and routine projects like maintenance and replenishments – replacements where we can 
get by by pushing it a little bit further have been delayed. So we will actually be spending, as Rakesh pointed out, a 
somewhat larger amount in the second half of this year. So the question is – deferring and delaying, so I think there is a 
certain basic cost that one has to incur to maintain a complex organization like ours. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Right. So in other words, if you're pulling forward, the savings that you were hoping to get 
by 2012, it sounds like you're going to be largely done with them by 2010, should we – or by end of 2009. Should we 
assume then that, as you recover and your organic growth returns to more normal levels, that you're going to get a 
significantly better than a 1.5 point expansion in margin in normalized conditions than you were originally looking for? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: But I think, John [sic, Dmitry] , I think 
one of the other things is I think we are in this for the long haul. So we'll have to make some investments that we have 
been deferring. So I think our commitment was for 150 basis points by 2012. I think we'll sustain that over the long 


haul. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. So we should see as the economic conditions recover, permitting you to improve 
your sales, we should see your level of spending increase maybe even faster than that, is what it sounds like. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Slightly more. Yes. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: If I can just add a couple of 
comments, John [sic, Dmitry] . I think the improvements at the gross margin level are largely sustainable because we 
are making structural changes. And the improvements we are making to our supply chain is hopefully going to be 
sustainable. That's what we are aiming for. I think the reductions in our SG&A spending, as I said at the last call, we 
estimate that at least 70% of a reduction will be achieved, somewhere in that order, would be sustainable at least in the 
near term. And as Jai said, there are fewer expenses that we deferred, that we are going to bring back because we are 
thinking about the long term and we have to be prudent about not deferring things for too long. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. But in your opinion, at least, you're not doing anything to jeopardize the long-term 
growth carrying forward of the company? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Absolutely not. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Jon Wood of Bank of America – Merrill Lynch. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Hey. Good morning. 

<A - Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer>: Good morning, Jon. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Jai, going back to – we should assume basically that SAFC for the year is over 2% organic growth? 
Is that accurate? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Jon, it'll be probably, with all of the 
bookings that we are seeing in shipping, it will probably be slightly positive. I wouldn't quite say, be low single digits, 
yeah. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. So basically you're looking at about an eight or so percent increase in the back half of the 
year. And so obviously with the orders related to the flu, that gives you some confidence, but can you discuss what 
exposure SAFC has to the M&A situation at pharma? And specifically, with the development projects, are we at a point 
where you feel like the projects you have in that business are stable? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, I think, as you rightly pointed out, 
SAFC business is a project-oriented one. We expect to compete for other opportunities as well beyond products for 
H1N1. Overall, I think what one can expect is, many of the projects that we have been working with the pharma 
accounts in the development phase. As time progresses, some of these are beginning to go into later stage projects 
where the quantities that would be needed should also be ramping up. 

So we are counting on some of that because we do have insight and get some of that information from our customers. 
So, but that's one factor. The second one I mention is the bookings of some of the H1N1 related products. And the third 
aspect is comparables. 2008, the last quarter and the third quarter to some extent for SAFC was very weak compared to 
the first half. So going against a weaker second half in general should also help the comparables. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. Understood. So the mix from a self-manufacture versus source perspective, is it accurate to 
say that the mix has changed this year? And I'm just referencing the comments on the shortages in the Essentials 


business. Have you seen basically a real shift in your mix? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not significantly. The overall mix is 
pretty well the same. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. Then last, Jai, just a comment on the M&A pipeline. Are things starting to progress at all 
from a freeze I guess in the first half of the year? I mean are you seeing more opportunities or bigger opportunities at 
this point? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think the M&A pipeline has always 
been, there's no significant change first of all in sellers' expectations due to the change in market conditions. So we 
continue to be interested, and we keep looking and reviewing the opportunities that come our way, and we're also 
looking at opportunities in a proactive way in areas where we are focusing and believe that there are opportunities. As 
we said before, these have to meet some already specific criteria. They have to have a strategic rationale for doing the 
deal with realistic valuation. So stay tuned. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

We'll take our next question from Isaac Ro at Leerink Swann. 

<Q>: Hi. This is Jody Dai for Isaac. Can you guys hear me? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yes. 

<Q - Jing Dai>: Okay. Thanks for taking our questions. First of all, you have previously stated a bill of lowering 
inventories from seven months to six months. So what are the two to three key factors to achieving that goal? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary>: Yes. So this is Rakesh. So 
we are working on a number of fronts. In fact, one of the initiatives within our supply chain group is to address the 
inventory that we have, and we are looking at a number of things. I mean it's not just one. We're looking at our different 
brands; we're looking at our distribution consolidation. I think there are things that over the long term will have a more 
significant impact. In the short term, we'll continue to make some improvements, and we are making improvements. 
But I think once we make some more structural changes, we will see some additional benefits in inventory. It's clearly 
an area that we are very, very focused on. 

<Q - Jing Dai>: Okay, thanks. Secondly, what was the volume growth in the second Q and the first half of '09, and 
what do you think the volume growth will be for the full year versus your guidance of low single-digit organic growth? 
Thanks. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Kirk, do you want to take that one? 

<A - Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer>: Sure. As we said earlier, volumes were actually down. The 
organic gain we saw for the first half of the year was largely price related, so volumes are actually down a couple 
percent. We'd expect, particularly on the SAFC side, to see that turn around in the second have of the year. And as Jai 
said earlier, we got a much easier comp. The level of sales that we hit in the second quarter of roughly 146 million was 
equivalent to what we achieved in the fourth quarter of last year on SAFC. So with the extra business that Jai talked 
about, we expect the SAFC volumes to be very positive in the second half of the year. 

<Q - Jing Dai>: Okay. Thanks. Lastly, do you guys see any order delays in waiting for the stimulus funding now, so 
far? And do you expect to see any delay in the third Q? And are you seeing any benefits from the non-healthcare 
stimulus funding? Thanks. 

<A - Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer>: Well, Amy [sic, Jody] , what we're expecting, and we don't know 
really when those funds are going to be released. We didn't see a major impact in the second quarter. We know a lot of 


folks were busy writing grant applications in April and May, but we didn't see a major change in activity. As we said 
earlier, June was certainly a good month, but we haven't baked in any expectations from stimulus money. So to the 
extent that some of it comes our way, that would suggest that we increase our guidance a bit. But since we don't know 
how to do that today, we've not done that. 

<Q - Jing Dai>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to John Shane at Shane and Company. 

<Q>: Hi, guys. My question is about the short-term debt and commercial paper. There's, looking at the most recent 
release in the prior 10-Q, there's about a 411 million in debt due within the year, about another 200 million that matures 
in the next 18 months. 75% of that 400 million is, looks like it's commercial paper. Is your holding commercial paper 
rather than longer-term funded debt, should we as investors think of that as a long-term part of the capital structure? 

And I guess behind that question is, the thought that you guys have a wonderful business franchise and as we observed 
in capital markets lately or what has happened earlier in history, I'm thinking last year, sometimes the commercial 
paper market is very unfriendly to everybody. Sometimes it becomes unfriendly to individual companies if there are 
issues in those companies. So I'm wondering how you guys think about this, the risk involved with commercial paper 
as opposed to longer-term funded debt and how you think investors should think about that? 

<A - Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer>: We probably have an interesting challenge in looking at how to 
keep that mix. We've tended to be slightly longer in commercial paper, and again, as we said earlier in our comments, 
we've had no trouble placing our commercial paper. In fact, our commercial paper is backed up by bank lines that 
should we have the inability to place commercial paper, we could then draw on those bank lines if we needed it. But 
our other challenge is to recognize the fact that we do generate in excess of 300 million in free cash flow per year, and 
we want to make sure that we don't have cash beyond needs either. So that's why we tip a little bit in the short-term 
direction, recognizing that the operations does provide a significant amount of cash on an annual basis. 

<Q>: Well I'll ring off, but I was sort of chuckling when the Goldman Sachs analyst said that you guys are 
underleveraged, and obviously these calls usually reflect the analyst community. But from a long-term investor 
community, and I've been a shareholder, my clients and I, for I think nine or 10 years, I'd say the less leverage, the 
better. And you guys are doing a great job, and thanks very much. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Derik De Bruin of UBS. 

<Q>: Hi, this is Rafael filling in for Derik. How are you? Just a couple of questions here. You mentioned the academic 
markets remain stable while the industrial and pharma markets remain a little bit more difficult. Just wondering, what's 
your best guess on the turnaround for both industrial and pharma markets? And what sort of indicators are you 
assessing to figure out when we should be seeing this turnaround? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Two things. I think we will look at this 
dynamics for the Research business separately than the Fine Chemicals. Fine Chemicals for SAFC what's happening in 
the pharma and the industrial, especially in the second quarter is promising, and we hope that that is a sign that things 
may be loosening up and turning the corner. As far as the Research business is concerned, I think the pharma sector, 
because of the large consolidations that you have seen in the first half of this year, that brings a temporary sort of 
paralysis until things settle down. Over the long haul we have seen based on our past experience that things settle down 
and work gets back to normal. So I think our hope is I think towards the later part of this year, especially based on the 


volumes we see from this large pharma, it should begin to stabilize. 

<Q>: Okay. With the mention of consolidation, what's your assumptions for your current pricing power? Is there 
potential pressure to be had there? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think pricing is for the Research 
business is not really an issue, has not been an issue. I think we can continue to stick with our plan of low single-digit 
pricing, especially as input raw materials go up. We can actually get a little bit more price. 

<Q>: And one final question. You mentioned the impact that the Easter holidays had for you this quarter. Just 
wondering if there's any other items that we should be on the lookout for in the second half of '09 that could potentially 
affect sales? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Not necessarily. The Easter holiday, the 
reason we thought, called this out is because of where it falls in the quarter, and it impacts a greater portion of our 
customer base both in Europe and in the US. I don't foresee or have a situation like that that I can give you an example 
for going forward. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks. I'll jump back in the queue. 

Operator 

And with no further questions in the queue, I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any additional 
or closing remarks. 

Kirk Richter, Vice President and Treasurer 

Sure. We certainly thank everybody for their participation today. Looking forward, we do expect to release results for 
the third quarter of 2009 before the market opens on October 22. And we'll then again follow that with a conference 
call that same day at 10:00 Central Time. This concludes today's conference. 

Operator 

This does conclude today's presentation, and thank everyone for their participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


