Q3 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Kirk Richter, Treasurer 
• Mike Hogan, Chief Financial Officer 
• Jai Nagarkatti, President and Chief Executive Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Sigma-Aldrich third quarter 2007 Earnings Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on 
mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]. 

I'll now turn the call over to Kirk Richter. Please go ahead, sir. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Thank you. And let me also say good morning and welcome each of you to our third quarter earnings conference call. 
With me today are Jai Nagarkatti, our CEO and President and Mike Hogan, our Chief Administrative and Chief 
Financial Officer. Following my comments, I will briefly review our third quarter performance; Mike will follow me 
with comments on our sales and EPS guidance for 2007, then Jai will ramp up the review with his observations on our 
performance and expectations and update you on the ongoing progress on our five key growth initiatives. Following 
that we'll open up the call for your questions and comments. 

Before we begin these reviews, I do need to remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements 
about future activities and our expectations for sales, earnings, and other possible future results. While we believe these 
expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, actual results may differ materially, due to any number of factors, 
including the risk factors listed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and in the 
cautionary statement in yesterday's release. 

We have no plans to update these forward-looking statements after this conference. Also, SEC regulations require us to 
provide information on any non-GAAP financial measures covered in today's conference. That information, which 
consists of currency and acquisition adjusted sales growth and profit and EPS results on both a pro forma and reported 
basis, is also contained in yesterday's release, which is posted on our website. 

Now let's review our third quarter results. As reported in yesterday's release, our sales growth in the third quarter was 
our best quarterly performance in 2007. We reported a gain of exactly 14% with sales exceeding 503 million, just shy 
of the all-time quarterly record of $507.5 million we set in Q2. Our pre-tax margins improved, producing an 18.5% 
increase in Q3 pre-tax income. And excluding the tax differences that I will talk about shortly, our diluted EPS would 
have shown an increase equivalent to that pre-tax income gain. 

Organic sales growth of 7% in the third quarter matched our internal growth target with our year-to-date growth 
remaining at the 6.9% we reported for the first six months of 2007. All four of our business units contributed to this 
organic growth with quarterly growth rates for each unit once again exceeding our estimates of those rates in our 
underlying markets. 


Currency benefits added 4.3 percentage points to Q3 growth and our February 2007 acquisition of Epichem contributed 
another 2.7 percentage points during the third quarter, with the acquisition contribution to our growth improving in 
each succeeding quarter of 2007. Epichem has expanded capabilities to develop and supply high-performance 
semiconductor materials, continue to provide new opportunities for SAFC's high-tech business. 

Details of the Q3 increases for each business unit were included in yesterday's release, so I will refer you to that release 
for the organic, currency and acquisition components of growth for each of them. But I would like to highlight just a 
few of the more encouraging items that support our sales growth expectation for the final quarter of 2007. 

Our two core research businesses, Research Essentials and Research Specialties performed at better than expected 
levels again in Q3. This is the second successive quarter of performance above target for Research Essentials and the 
fifth consecutive quarter in which we have exceeded long-term target growth goals for Research Specialties. 

What's behind such growth? Demand from the major commercial sectors, pharmaceutical, Biotech and diagnostics 
remain strong, just as it had been in the first two quarters of the year. And we continue to see improved growth in sales 
to academic customers particularly in the US and Europe for the second quarter in a row. 

You are likely asking the same question we are. Is the market improving or is this the result of our customer-centric 
activities? We don't see much change in our markets, so we believe that the majority of this improved performance is 
attributable to our own efforts. We have continued to see benefits from our efforts in capital markets where we've 
consciously increased our inventory to improve service and developed new third-party supplier relationships to drive 
increased sales. 

Enhanced global sales efforts, coupled with our ever-increasing e-commerce capabilities in marketing, access to 
scientific information, and ease of ordering, are also contributing. And, while difficult to quantify, we believe that we 
are also benefiting from coordinating the sales efforts of Research Essentials and Research Specialties to fully leverage 
our customer-centric approach. 

This approach involves having one marketing coordinator for each of our large accounts to help ensure that the 
individuals making the buying decision within that account are collectively aware of all of our 130,000 products, 
whether they are in procurement, traditional chemistry, life science or the analytical side of that customer's business. 
Having just formalized that approach through naming Gerrit van den Dool to head our global sales efforts in early July, 
we expect to build on this advantage. 

In Research Biotech, organic growth for Q3 exceeded 7%, in line with our earlier prediction for improved growth over 
the second half of 2007, compared to that achieved in our first half. Here innovation is key, both in our product offering 
and in customers' ability to more easily find the products they need. The addition of our Your Favorite Gene (tm) 
Internet search tool during the second quarter is now drawing over 6000 visits a month. 

A new partnership with Sangamo BioSciences for its zinc finger technology is another example of the leading-edge 
platform technologies we are adding to our expanding collection of customer first products and services. Improved 
sales growth to non-profit accounts, which comprise almost 50% of this unit's business, also contributed to improved 
growth, as academic customers in each of our three geographic markets increased their spending for our Biotech 
products in Q3. 

And as Jai predicted one quarter ago, oligo pricing was unlikely to go much lower and it didn't, leading to a more stable 
performance for this product group. SAFC had another strong quarter with sales of $149 million, just shy of the 
quarterly high of $153 million achieved one quarter ago. Strong demand for our custom pharmaceutical products 
continue, but was somewhat offset by reduced demand for our industrial cell culture products, as large cell culture 
orders were either deferred to later quarters or did not repeat. 

Increased outsourcing by former customers and some isolated capacity constraints at a few of our major competitors 
provided opportunities that benefited our quarterly sales growth. You will hear more from Jai about what we are doing 
to address production capacity opportunities, as former customers continue to rely more heavily on outsourcing in 
general, and thankfully more heavily on outsourcing to us. Finally, we are encouraged by an increase in SAFC's booked 


orders for future delivery to a new record level, giving us confidence about our Q4 sales forecast and opportunities in 
2008. 

Moving now to profits, our operating results remain strong. Operating and pre-tax margins in Q3 2007 were 22.4% and 
21.2% of sales respectively, an improvement over the comparable margins in last year's third quarter of 21.9% and 
20.4% respectively, and just shy of the margins achieved in the first half of the year, even as product cost inched up 
ever so slightly on our -- and our investment in R&D was at its highest level, quarterly level in 2007. 

Contributors to the improved margins in this year's Q3 over last year, none of which were individually significant, were 
mentioned in yesterday's release so I won't repeat them here. More importantly, we now believe that margins for the 
full year will improve on our earlier prediction that called for matching last year's pre-tax margin of 21.1%. 

Our effective tax rate in Q3, 2007 compared to 2006 is the perfect mismatch with our highest quarterly rate in this 
year's third quarter matched against one of 2006's lowest quarterly rates in last year's Q3. But there is actually some 
good news in this. 

We told you in our last conference call that we expected to reduce some deferred tax assets in Germany as a result of 
lower tax rates being considered for 2008 in that country. That change was enacted in Q3 and led to our higher tax rate 
for the quarter. But we didn't expect 2000 tax rate reduction in the UK that was also enacted in Q3, which enabled us to 
reduce a net deferred tax liability and lower the previously mentioned German impact in Q3 by about $0.01 per share, 
another small contributor to our increased EPS guidance for the full year. 

As indicated in yesterday's release, the impact of this perfect mismatch reduced this year's Q3 EPS by $0.03 while last 
year's Q3 tax audit benefit had increased that period's EPS by $0.03, which adversely impacted the third quarter EPS 
comparison by $0.06. 

So what's the net impact of all of this? I'll restate what I said earlier. The improved pre-tax margins produced a reported 
18.5% increase in Q3's pre-tax income. While we reported a 5.9% increase in Q3 diluted EPS, our diluted EPS increase 
would have largely matched the gain in pre-tax income, absent the tax differences. 

Let me now ask Mike to comment on our 2007 sales growth and EPS expectations. Mike? 

Mike Hogan, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Kirk. As you saw in our release, we are reiterating our 7% organic sales growth expectation for the full year. 
Having delivered that rate of growth over the first three quarters, we are confident we can do so for all of 2007 despite 
acknowledging the challenge of being up against our toughest dollar sales comparable quarter in Q4. 

Currency and acquisitions should help reported sales growth. In fact, the currency benefit in Q4 will likely exceed its 
contribution in any of the first three quarters of the year if rates just remain where they were at September 30, 
improving on the 4.1 percentage point sales benefit we realized over the first nine months. The Epichem acquisition is 
expected to provide roughly the same benefit in Q4 that it did in Q3 somewhere in the high 2% range. 

Overall we expect reported sales growth for the year to be in the 13 to 14% range, about 1% higher than our previous 
forecast. Our two largest business units, Research Specialties and SAFC, they collectively provide about two thirds of 
our sales. Both have their largest 2006 dollar sales quarter in Q4. So they provide the biggest challenge. 

Research Specialties should have another strong quarter. But one more likely in line with its targeted 6% organic 
growth rate rather than the more than 8% organic gains we've seen to date. Factors driving current growth: enhanced 
marketing effort, strong Internet sales, service improvements in capital markets, and collaborative sales efforts between 
Research Essentials and Research Specialty should continue to drive growth in the Research Specialties unit. 

We expect SAFC to set another new quarterly sales record in Q4. We hit a new high in sales orders booked for future 
delivery at September 30. To respond to this demand, we have moved to a 24/7 schedule at several of our major 
production facilities, and we have enhanced our supply solutions product offering with new food-grade flavors and 


fragrance. But our Biosciences business would likely to remain somewhat inconsistent, as customers continue their 
transition from animal-source media to animal-free media, and as new drug launches in general remain less than robust. 

That said, we remain the number one supplier of cell-culture media to the biopharmaceutical industry, and we intend to 
maintain that position. Overall, we expect SAFC to deliver Q4 organic growth in excess of 7%. Research Essentials is 
likely to exceed its 4% organic growth rate again in Q4, just as it has done in the last two quarters. And we expect it to 
do that by continuing those activities that have provided the strong growth we have seen year-to-date, with a focus on 
further enhancing our ability to offer lab essentials products in capital markets. 

We are sticking with our organic growth expectation of 6% for Research Biotech over the second half of 2007. After 
achieving organic growth of 7.2% in Q3, we are comfortable that 6% is a reasonable expectation. There may even be a 
little upside potential, if we see continued progress on hit rates from some of our new initiatives. 

Our new management team in Research Biotech is hard at work, seeking to build on previously launched sales 
initiatives, focus on innovative new products and improve e-commerce access to the vast array of technical information 
about our Biotech products, both of which had been in place before the management change. 

With even more innovation in all aspects of this business, we continue to see and to believe that our 10% organic 
growth goal is achievable over the longer term. As Kirk mentioned, our Internet search tool Your Favorite Gene (tm) 
was launched in April and it has been a real success, with active search use up about 50% in Q3 over Q2. And we have 
recently announced a new collaboration with the Université of Montréal for RNA Interference Studies to identify new 
drug targets, building on our relationship with the research consortium and its industry leading members. 

If you had kept count with me on our individual business unit expectations for Q4, you may well be asking how we 
expect to maintain our 7% organic growth rate for the full year. Because we have rounded down in most cases, and 
because we believe that the expected growth for each, but not necessarily all of these individual units has some upside 
potential. Just as we have demonstrated in earlier quarters, we are comfortable with our overall 7% forecast. 

Now let's turn to our pre-tax margin expectation. Overall, we expect them to remain roughly in-line with the 21.5% 
achieved over the first nine months. Higher SG&A expenses experienced in the final quarter of last year resulting from 
the timing of staff additions and from some insurance claim costs aren't expected to repeat. And recent declines in US 
interest rate should reduce interest expense levels from those that we had anticipated in earlier estimates. 

The positive benefit from the unexpected reduction in UK tax rates that Kirk just mentioned enabled us to reduce our 
expectation for a 30 to 31% tax rate for the full year to the low end of that range or 30%, coupled with benefits from 
improved margin expectations and from the weaker US dollar, we have increased our diluted EPS expectations for all 
of 2007 by another $0.05 to a new range of $2.25 to $2.35 a share, an increase of 10 to 15% over last year's $2.05. 

I will now ask Jai to complete the review with comments on our growth initiatives and our contribution to our 2007 
team work. Jai? 

Jai Nagarkatti, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Mike and good morning, everyone. Let me also add my welcome for joining our conference call this 
morning. We entered 2007 optimistic about our opportunities and committed to achieving the growth goals you have 
heard each and every quarter. Seven percent organic sales growth, another 3% contribution to sales growth from 
acquisitions in areas that bring us exciting new technology platforms and delivering profit growth that meets or slightly 
exceeds that top line growth. 

With nine months now behind us, we are pleased to report sales growth that meets that organic growth goal, a 
significant contribution to our targeted sales benefit from acquisition and yet another increase to our 2007 earnings per 
share guidance the second time we have increased it since issuing our original forecast in February. 

Based on this performance, I think I can safely say that our optimism at the start of the year was well founded. And that 
our "say what you will do and then do what you have said" approach continues. 


We expect to finish the year the same way, delivering a 13 to 14% increase in reported sales, crossing the 2 billion 
annual sales mark for the first time in our history, and reporting a 10 to 15% increase in earnings per share, then we 
speak with you again next February. And all will be pleased with the effect that our reserves have had on our stock 
price. We have seen another new high in the 50 to $51 range over the past few weeks, representing a nice increase from 
last year-end's $38.86. 

What's behind all of this? The energy of my 7,800 colleagues around the globe, driving the programs behind our five 
key growth initiatives, all focused on being even more customer-centric. That has been our fundamental strategy and 
we fully expect that continued focus to carry us through the final quarter of 2007 and through 2008. With few 
exceptions, things are working the way we expected them to, with small tweaks to existing programs and the addition 
of new programs to address both market challenges and opportunities. Let me briefly comment on each of these growth 
initiatives and on the challenges and opportunities that go with them. 

Our customer-centric culture is focused on individual customer needs through our four business units. While each of 
these units is aligned with a specific type of buyer, we have seen real advantages to coordinating the capabilities of our 
two core research businesses, Research Essentials and Research Specialties, in joining -- in joint marketing campaigns, 
with many of our largest global customer accounts. And we are just beginning to exploit the potential here. 

Our other research unit, Research Biotech, has begun to see some success from adding innovative new products and 
expanding the technical information available to our customers across the entire gene to drug spectrum. But David 
Smoller and his team continue to work on even more innovative solutions for the life science researchers to drive our 
organic growth for that business to our target of 10% organic growth over years. I look forward to sharing more on 
these plans when I report to you again next February. 

In SAFC, it's been a real tale of two cities. Our biosciences customer has been challenged both operationally and 
financially, but there are opportunities to offset this. While these opportunities aren't unlimited ,there is potential for 
new business here by working with the up-and-comings in this field, exploiting opportunities in capital markets and 
exploring other applications for these products. So stay tuned. 

On a more positive note, we have seen real progress in expanding our business by capturing outsourced work from our 
pharmaceutical customers. This trend seems to have strained capacity at a number of our competitors, but having 
recognized this trend early we have already expanded our capacity and capabilities to exploit it. 

In the short term we have responded by increasing the work schedule from one-shift five days a week to a 24/7 
schedule at a number of our plants both here in the United States and in Europe. And for the longer-term in just the last 
quarter alone we have announced plans to invest more than $65 million to expand capabilities to produce key 
intermediates including APIs at two of our manufacturing sites in the US, at our existing sites in Ireland, Switzerland 
and Israel, and our to-be-constructed and first-ever manufacturing site in China, with most of that longer-term capacity 
expected to come on line in late 2008 or early 2009. So our customer-centric focus remains strong, and we are making 
the investments needed to address exciting new market opportunities. 

Our second key initiative, which calls for achieving accelerated growth in capital markets, is fully meeting our 
expectations. Sales in these markets remain strong with reported growth exceeding 21% and organic growth of 12%. 

Japan continues to grow although slowly, but we're very pleased with the strong growth achieved in our targeted 
emerging markets of Brazil, China and India, where third quarter growth ranged from nearly 25% to an excess of 60%. 
And the new plant in China that I just mentioned should bring further opportunities in that market with a planned 
capacity in excess of 30,000 liters to produce raw materials and cheap pharmaceutical intermediates. By our own 
estimates, we are the number one provider of tools for researchers in both India and China and we intend to maintain 
those local market leadership positions for years to come. 

In e-commerce, we reached our 2007 goal to have 40% of our research based sales come through this medium one full 
quarter early by increasing to 41% in the third quarter. In prior calls, I have highlighted new search tools that enhance 
our website capabilities and I am able to do that once again today. 


In the third quarter, we upgraded the capabilities of our most popular search tool on our website, our Enzyme Explorer. 
Originally launched in 2001, this tool provides customers with the technical sources to access our extensive line of 
enzymes, proteins and related products. And it now interacts with other Web-based research search tools to make 
customer enquiries even easier. 

In addition to that, website users can now initiate chat sessions with one of our scientists without having to navigate 
away from a product detail page. And we have other enhancements in the work that should enable us to continue to 
maintain our leadership position in e-commerce. With $12 million of process improvement savings over the first nine 
months of 2007, we are well on our way to meeting or beating our $15 million savings goal by the year-end. And don't 
forget about the supply chain activities that we launched one quarter ago that are expected to enable us to expand 
margins beginning in 2009, and we have expectations for a 150 basis-point improvement by 2012. 

The performance of Epichem, our recent acquisition to service SAFC's high-tech customers improved significantly in 
the third quarter over the previous second quarter, with sales increasing by more than 20% or its expected annual run 
rate enabling it to make a modest contribution to our third quarter profits. 

We made a small equity investment in Sangamo BioSciences during the quarter third, agreeing to pay up to $35 million 
for that investment and various technology licenses and future development efforts, which has given us access to 
Sangamo's unique zinc finger technology that is expected to play a key role in functional genomics. 

To sum up, there is a great deal going on at Sigma-Aldrich. I remain confident that our current initiatives are on track 
and that they should enable us to deliver both 7% organic sales growth and our increased guidance for diluted EPS in 
the range of $2.25 and $2.35 per share for 2007. 

On behalf of Kirk, Mike and all our colleagues here, I want to thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing 
interest in our company. I will end as I began by stating we are both committed and optimistic not only for what we'll 
deliver in the final quarter this year but for the opportunities we see for 2008 and beyond. I look forward to telling you 
even more about our future plans when we report our final sales for 2007 and provide our guidance for 2008 in a 
release and conference call next February. 

Now let's open up the call for your comments and questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. And your first question will come from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Good morning. This is Amy Zhang filling in for Bob. 

<A>: Good morning Amy. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Good morning. And I've a couple of questions. First of all, do you now expect SAFC full year also 
organic sales growth to be more than 7% from -- actually that's down from your previously guided 10%. So, I was 
wondering what is the reason there, for the lowering the target a little bit? I understand that industrial in cell culture 
product line saw some weakness in demand in third quarter. Do you expect that a rebound in demand in fourth quarter, 
if there is some order delay there other than the industrial cell culture product line, anything else we should worry about 
for that segment? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: First of all, you shouldn't worry about that segment. The 10% goal is [inaudible] goal, it's a 
long-term goal. And this as we have said many times is a business that ebbs and flows, it is up against a tremendous 
fourth quarter comparable from last year and very strong performance this year. 

A large customer order or two changes the growth rate in that business by a couple of points in any given quarter. So 
we don't see anything to be concerned with here. One of the nice strengths that being in a company like Sigma-Aldrich 


with four businesses and a very diverse product line is that the different segments contribute in different ways 
quarter-to-quarter. And so we are counting on a couple of the others to pick up some of that slack and enable us to get 
our 7% target of overall. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Okay. Got it. My second question is given the impressive organic sales growth for Research 
Essentials, and also in particular Research Specialties, have you gained more market share in those regions and then 
also do you think your long-term growth targets for those two segments look a little bit conservative at this point? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Amy it is not conservative. I think coordinating the efforts of Research Essentials and Research 
Specialties and meeting and representing all 130,000 products to the various customer segments is one of our strengths. 
Several years ago we started launching an expanded sales force, it's having its impact, we believe we are taking market 
share because the market to the best of our knowledge is not growing and has not changed significantly from what we 
told you earlier. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Okay. And then my last question is can you give us some color on the competitive landscape in the 
emerging markets? I understand the growth rate appeared very impressive in those regions. Can you give us some sense 
where operating margins trending in those regions versus the corporate average, what's that cost or what's your cost of 
capital in those regions and also return on investment there? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Okay. Let me try to give you a short answer on that. We have always had a presence in a 
number of countries. As you know we sell products in 162 countries, we have presence in 36. In emerging markets like 
India and China, I believe that we have been there number one for a long time and we probably have a greater market 
presence and a share. 

Cost of capital, borrowing rates, obviously should not have a significant impact regardless where we are, neither should 
margins. Because we realize that the products which are sold in those countries will need to be moved from here to the 
various places where our customers are and we price them accordingly. The return on investments is consistent in each 
place with our overall ROI. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Jon Wood with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Hey, thank you. Just so I understand the wording in the press release, was growth in the industrial 
cell culture business actually negative in the quarter? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Yes. It was. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Volumes were still up, but the price declines more than offset that. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And then just within that comment sera versus media. Is that just pricing or sera still 
continuing to be a challenge or -


<A - Kirk Richter>: Correct. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. How about media pricing, how was that? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: The media pricing, again on the specialty media we continue to get the price that we have 
always got. So there is no change in the media prices. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And is the pressure, you mentioned in that business -- is that coming from problems with 
therapeutic that are already on the market today, or is there just a lack of new products this year? What's the major 
effect in that business, would you say? 


<A - Mike Hogan>: More of the development efforts going forward are using animal free, and so there is your 
pressure. The other thing is, guys, there is just less development going on than there has been historically. And so we 
live and die with our customers, and fortunately we are living right now, we are just not living quite as well. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And do you expect to grow to reaccelerate there in fourth quarter, or you haven't built 
anything really into the numbers in SAFC for the fourth quarter? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Again to be consistent of what -- do what we say, we have not built those things in the fourth 
quarter, when we shared those numbers with you. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. Okay, and then R&D I guess is kicking up very modestly here. Should we expect it to 
continue running at a higher rate in the future, or will it tick back down closer in the high two's in the coming quarters? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think there is nothing significant in terms of change, the trend would be basically what you 
have seen in the last couple of years, 3 -- about 3%. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Okay. And then one last one. Jai, can you just -- the $40 million pre-tax of supply chain benefit if 
you will, can you just qualitatively rank the buckets where -- the major buckets where you see those savings, maybe 
procurement, fixed asset rationalization, labor savings, any major buckets where you are looking to realize the benefits? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Okay. John, let me tell you one thing. I think again as we shared the information with you 
earlier. This was made up of 10 sub initiatives and within that, there are several smaller initiatives. They are all 
intertwined, and if I have to, say categorize them into three big buckets, it is what we sell, how we sell, and how we 
operate in general. And to give you a precise breakdown of the various components, it has been difficult to do that and 
at this point, it is early days where we are actually looking at which ones we need to go with first. So I would rather not 
tell you, because we need to define those numbers ourselves. 

<Q - Jon Wood>: Understood. Okay. Thanks a lot. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Mike Sison with Key Bank. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Hi, guys. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Hi, Mike. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: In terms of Research Specialty, just curious, clearly the segment continues to perform better than 
we had expected, is it mostly volume relative to the goals of 6%, or is pricing a little bit better? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So pricing, Mike, continues to be, as it has been in the kind of 2 to 2.5% range. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Okay. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So most of the growth in that segment has come from volume. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: And in terms of market share gains, does it I mean broad based? Is it sort of smaller players, is it 
market share gains overseas, could you just give us a little bit of color? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Mike, this is Jai. I think within the Research Specialties, there are various sub initiatives. All the 
initiatives like the analytical chemistry, biochemistry are all growing strong. Now and growth in volume that Mike 
mentioned earlier is geography across the world, where we are seeing however stronger ones in the capital market. Our 
pharmaceutical customers are outsourcing their work there, having an expanded presence, inventory and service. We 
are certainly enabling that and benefiting in the process. 


<Q - Mike Sison>: And when you think longer-term with that 6% goal, is it possible to revisit that and raise that over 
time? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I tell you guys, I think -- as we've told you the underlying growth in this particular market is not 
very strong. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Okay. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: So to make it -- to be realistic, I think we should be glad that we are taking market share and we 
will continue to strive to take market share. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Right. Okay. And then in Epichem -- could you just give us a little bit color of what the 
year-over-year growth rate is on an apples-to-apples basis for that business has been, and where do you think you it will 
track in the fourth quarter and in 2008? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: We think in the fourth quarter it's going to be as we said much like it was in the third quarter, 
Mike. You remember seeing numbers in the low two's as we talked about adding that. And now this quarter, it was 2.7 
and Jai mentioned it's about 20% higher than the run rates we had assumed when we acquired the company. It's still a 
relatively small share of the total of $2 billion. So we wouldn't want to overly emphasize it, but we're very pleased with 
the way that the high-tech initiative in SAFC has picked up with the addition of Barry Leese and his team here. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on a good quarter. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Good morning, Dmitry. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Couple of questions. The improvement in the growth rate of the Biotech division, I know 
you have kind of answered it before, but I just want to make sure that I understand it correctly. How much of it had to 
do with the oligo price stabilization, how much of it had to do with your new market developing products, so to speak 
actually getting traction? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Now Dmitry, as we have told you earlier within the Research Biotech there are four subgroups. 
I think we are very pleased with what we are seeing in the new technology acquisition and how that's being adopted at 
the molecular biology, very strong, cell signaling continues to grow. So the growth and the stabilization of the prices 
are jointly contributing to what you have seen. But again having said that, this is just the start. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: So if I understand you correctly, Jai, now that we have been able to see what the 
underlying growth of new products is without the detraction of the price decline in oligo, this was kind of the starting 
point from which we can monitor continuing growth and continuing progress you are making in that division, assuming 
oligo prices stay stable? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Yes. Correct. I think we should be able to -- we are optimistic about the opportunities in this 
business unit. We will continue to make investments in new products and we should start seeing growth in those other 
areas and expect that the oligo prices remain stable. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. To follow-up on that, as we head into 2008, you said that the second half of the year 
is going to look like about 6% organic growth for that business, have you gained any confidence in -- that you would be 
willing to share with us and your outlook for 2008, are we going to get to -- closer to the 10% long-term target that you 
have for this, or are we talking about 2 or 3 years before we get there? 


<A - Mike Hogan>: Dmitry, this is Mike. So we are actually not sharing our thoughts about 2008 February. You just 
mentioned the 6% over the second half of the year, which if we had 7.2 in the third quarter, tells you maybe a little less 
than 6 in the fourth quarter. So if you are going to judge improvement in these initiatives, please do it over subsets 
longer than 90 days. 

For next year, we continue to see -- expect to see continued progress towards that 10% and some of this is stuff that you 
can't answer so scientifically. It really depends on how quickly people adapt and grow the use of these new 
technologies. We think we have opened a great restaurant with a wonderful menu and now we're going to see how well 
people eat it. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: I understand that. The sales people that you have hired and the feet on the street that you 
have in this business hopefully will help you get people through the door so to speak. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes, absolutely. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Then the final question, you're still little bit light on the acquisitions, and I am not going to 
hold you to your 3% target obviously because you can never predict that. But looking at the acquisition pipeline 
especially in light of what you said about going to 24/7 in SAFC manufacturing site. Are you more likely or you are 
looking at more acquisitions in the life science space or has your experience with Epichem made you pay more 
attention to the high-tech space. Where are we likely to see acquisitions going forward or more likely? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes, so the answer is all as the above. As you know, you're absolutely correct the 3% is not a 
quota. We are looking for things that strengthen the company's prospects over the long-term with exciting new 
technologies. Those are both in high-tech and in the life sciences. And so we wouldn't rule out any of those. 

For that matter, they are also in China and India in markets and some of the exciting areas in the analytic and some of 
the slower growth parts of our business where there just technology places growing faster than our average. So we 
remain open to any new technology that we think has a long-term growth potential to strength the company and we will 
buy things just to buy them. We will only buy things that help make us stronger. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: I understand that. To follow up, you had -- I guess, it's just the market characteristic that it 
is difficult to make large acquisitions in the life science space given how fragmented the players are outside of the top 
handful. If you are looking at bigger acquisitions, is looking at high-tech area the way to go? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Again it is not – the size of the acquisition isn't such a driver for us. It's really what it brings. I am 
not convinced there is any difference in the relative sizes of the available candidates in high-tech space versus the life 
science space, to be candid. I mean most of these companies that are out there are pretty small and I think we have a 
pretty good track record of adding small companies in quickly and helping them perform in our expectations. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. Thank you, Michael. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Thank you. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W Baird. 

<Q - Matthew Notarianni>: Good morning, guys. This is actually Matt in for Quintin today. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Good morning, Matt. 

<Q - Matthew Notarianni>: Most of my questions have been answered here but just to go back to the supply chain 
initiatives, just one last time, I mean, it seems given the press release, the, kind of the wording that it's going to be more 
of a gradual ramp in 2009. Is it a good way to think of that like the low hanging fruit initially or could we see some 


sawtooth action in terms of the savings between '09 and 2012? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So we have actually said it's going to be by 2012 about 150 basis point improvement. We also 
said that really this next year isn't -- you are not going to see much, much improvement at all. So you're going to see 
things grow pretty ratably from next year through the end of 2012. 

We have done 15 to 20 million in process improvement savings a year over the last five or six years. Some part of that 
has been in areas that were in the supply chain in silos, like only in procurement or only in distribution. And these 
efforts are in things that cross those silos. And so they just take longer to deconstruct and reconstruct in a way that's 
safe, that doesn't interrupt service to our customers. In fact it's gained -- aimed at improving service to our customers. 
And so you don't see the results quite as quickly in the first year. 

I would expect -- as we always do around here, we try to inch our margins up slightly while still being fair to our 
customers but we would expect not to see a lot of that in '08 and then to start seeing that 150 basis points ratably from 
'09, '10, '11 and '12. 

<Q - Matthew Notarianni>: Great. Thank you guys for that color. I will jump back in the queue. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of Linc Werden with H.G. Wellington. 

<Q - Lincoln Werden>: Good morning. Our Congressman Rangel and others have proposed in their latest tax bill, that 
companies to be forced to abandon LIFO and adopt FIFO as an inventory method. I just wanted a quick review of your 
inventory methods and well, any potential exposure there? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: We have a very small part of our inventory on LIFO at this point. You have looked at the 
numbers. The difference that that would cause in our reported results is pretty negligible. 

<Q - Lincoln Werden>: Okay. Thanks. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Your next question will come from the line of Derik De Bruin with UBS. 

<Q>: Hi, guys. Dan actually in for in for Derik today. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Okay. 

<Q>: Quick question about pharma demand, I was wondering whether you guys could give any color on whether 
you're seeing differences from customer type to customer type, you know, large accounts versus smaller or specialty 
pharma versus generic drug takers? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: This is Jai. I think what we are seeing is I think a greater -- larger number of small and 
emerging pharma. And overseas, what we are seeing is the larger number of large pharma outsourcing their initial 
Phase I, Phase II and clinical trial type work there. So it is a mixed-bag larger pharma overseas to a greater extent and 
quite a few number of small emerging pharmas here in the US and Europe. 

<Q>: Okay. And you would -- you would characterize this the large, the US large pharma demand is sort of 
incrementally growing, but otherwise stable? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I would say that their share of spend with us for the discovery type of work is robust, especially 
in markets like China and India. 


<Q>: Okay. And really quickly -- just to clarify about the manufacturing in China, is that facility meant to service the 


majority of the Asian markets, or will that be predom --? 
<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: First of all that we have just begun that, and I think it is going to take about a year-and-a-half 
for us to have capacity there and the capacity there is to service customers globally. 


<Q>: Okay. And any -- down the line, any benefits to the margin that you could see from, from manufacturing there 


has been essentially captured by the 150 basis points going forward, correct? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: We're always hopeful, but if there is no promise of that happening. The pressure is these 
production facilities move to lower cost economies, and our customers can read this stuff as well as you can. So they 
might rightly expect us to share some of our benefit with them. 


<Q>: Okay. And in the large sense, a year and half is actually long time away? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: It will be nice if we just start talking about 2009. 
<Q>: Exactly. Okay. Thank you. 
<A - Mike Hogan>: Thank you. 


Operator 

Your next question will come from the line of John Sullivan with Leerink. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Hi, John. 

<Q>: Hi guys, this is Kelly Rogan for John Sullivan. I was wondering can you talk about whether there are more 
integration-related benefits to come from the Epichem acquisition? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: I'm sorry; I didn't hear your question. Oh. Integration related benefits? 

<Q>: Yes. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes, as you can imagine in these models the first year or so of acquiring a company has a lot of 
expenses that are tied to things like getting their computer systems to tie to yours, and getting communications set up, 
bringing people into compliance with how you run your company, and so the first year is loaded with more cost than 
subsequent years and we do expect to see margin improvements come out of Epichem specifically. 

The presence at Epichem which has really expanded our footprint in the high-tech space in SAFC is in fact expected to 
help accelerate the rate of growth in sales for that business, which we are still underrepresented in. It is a very small 
part of SAFC overall, which makes it an extremely small part of Sigma-Aldrich and in relation of the size of the market 
served. And so we, yes, we do expect to see disproportionate growth there as a result of the Epichem acquisition. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Hi, this is Amy again. Just have a quick question maybe you already addressed that in the prepared 
remark, would you characterize the $0.03 per share tax charge as a one-time item for the quarter? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: That specific item is certainly a one-time change related to tax rate changes in both the UK and 
Germany. That said, we have seen tax audit differences across multiple quarters both this year and last year. So I 
wouldn't characterize tax rate differences as necessarily non-recurring on a go-forward basis. 


<Q - Amy Zhang>: And then, is your full time EPS guidance of 2.25 to 2.35 based on the reported EPS of $0.45 for 
the quarter? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: It is based on our reported numbers, yes. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Sorry, $0.54 for the quarter. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: $0.54, yes. It is not -- that does not have some kind of benefit of $0.03, on top of there is 
something, it is the reported number. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Got you. Thank you. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: You bet. 

Operator 

And at this time gentlemen, there are no further questions 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Okay, then we would like to thank everybody for your participation. We do expect to release results for the fourth 
quarter of 2007 on February 12, and our next conference call is scheduled for February the 13th again at 10 o'clock in 
the morning Central Time. This concludes today's conference. Thank you. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


