Q2 2007 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Kirk Richter, Treasurer 
• Jai Nagarkatti, President and Chief Executive Officer 
• Mike Hogan, Chief Financial Officer 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning my name is Crystal and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome 
everyone to the second quarter 2007 results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] 
Thank you. 

Mr. Richter, you may begin your conference. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Thank you. We also say good morning and welcome you to the Sigma-Aldrich second quarter 2007 earnings 
conference call. With me today are Jai Nagarkatti, our CEO and President, and Mike Hogan, our Chief Administrative 
and Chief Financial Officer. Following my introductory comments, Jai will review the highlights of our second quarter 
performance, update you on ongoing progress on our five key initiatives and comment on recent management changes 
that should enhance our ability to hit our growth and return goals. 

He will also comment on our plans to transform our supply-chain as announced in yesterday's release. Following that, I 
will provide more detail on our second-quarter performance. Mike will then wrap up our prepared comments by 
covering our sales and earnings guidance for all of 2007. Following all of that, we will open up the call for you 
questions and comments. 

Before we begin these reviews, I do need to remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements 
about future activities, and our expectations for sales, earnings, and other possible future results. While we believe 
these expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, actual results may differ materially due to any number of 
factors, including the risk factors listed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and 
in the cautionary statements in yesterday's release. 

We have no plans to update these forward-looking statements after this conference. Also, SEC regulations require us to 
provide information on any non-GAAP financial measures covered in today's conference. That information, which 
consists of currency and acquisition-adjusted sales growth and profit in EPS results on both the pro forma and reported 
basis is also contained in yesterday's release, which is posted on our website. 

Now I will ask Jai to begin the review. Jai? 

Jai Nagarkatti, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Kirk, and good morning, everyone. I will spend my part of this call reviewing activities that have produced, 
and that we expect will continue to produce new levels of excitements here at Sigma-Aldrich. Of course it all starts 


with our strong second quarter performance and then it builds from new energy generated by recent changes in our 
management team that gives everyone here the new confidence about our ability to continue to achieve strong growth 
and superior returns. 

It's rewarding for each of us and we offer you that our efforts and reserves are reflected in the historic highs in our 
stock price over the last week or so. But we are not -- but we're even more excited about the long-term benefits we 
expect to see from our employees, for our employees, customers, and shareholders alike, from the launch of our supply 
chain project. It is an initiative grounded in the success of our proven process improvement methodology, and we 
believe it will reduce costs, while improving customer service, enable us to grow sales at targeted levels and as a result, 
boost earnings per share growth and margins, all at the same time, with the most visible results beginning in 2009 and 
improving ratably through 2012. I'll comment more on this in a bit. 

Focusing for a moment on our reserves for the second quarter, we have made history for both quarterly sales and 
diluted earnings per share. Sales hit a new quarterly high, in excess of 507 million, with reported growth in double 
digits for the third successive quarter and organic growth largely meeting expectations. Our second quarter diluted 
earnings per share increased more than 15% to a new quarterly high of 60 cents per share. Kirk will share more details 
on this performance, but let me hit just a few of the highlights. 

Our two core businesses, Research Essentials and Research Specialties, both beat their organic sales growth goals. 
Essentials grew at 5.4% and Specialties had an exceptional quarter with 9.2% increase. SAFC, one of our two growth 
engines, had record quarterly sales of 153 million, growing 9% organically over a very strong near-record level 
comparable quarter in second quarter 2006, and delivering more than $20 million, more in reported sales than in the 
first quarter 2007. 

Though still below our long-term sales growth targets, Research Biotech also improved slightly on its first quarter 2007 
performance. 

Geographically, we saw improved growth in the United States in the second quarter as sales to pharma customers 
remained strong, coupled with a modest up tick in sales to academic accounts. 

Sales in capital market also remained strong with reported growth of 17.6% and organic growth of 12%. Japan 
continued to be sluggish, but we remained very pleased with our rapid growth in markets like Brazil, China, and India. 

In e-commerce, we remained comfortably ahead of expected sales contributions. We continue to expand the 
functionality of our web site by introducing new search tools. The recently launched My Favorite Gene or MFG is a 
unique addition to Sigma-Aldrich's web-based tools enabling life science researchers to perform customized searches 
for human, mouse, or rat genes and obtain gene information and appropriate references to our vast array of life science 
research products that are associated with their gene of interest. 

With $7 million of process improvement savings for the first half of 2007, we are also comfortable that we will achieve 
our 15 million savings goal by year end. 

We continued to add new capabilities to our portfolio through strategic acquisitions. In May, we acquired Molecular 
Medicine BioServices, a biopharmaceutical contract manufacturing organization located in Carlsbad, California, to 
further enhance the biologics capability within our SAFC Pharma business. 

All in, our company grew right in line with our 7% organics sales growth goal, and we are on track to achieve our goals 
on each of our strategic plan initiatives. 

Turning to our management team, the recently-announced changes are expected to secure the base we have built and 
bring new energy to our most exciting growth opportunities. While we are now achieving both our growth and return 
targets, we feel that opportunities exist to become even more customer centric to continue to improve performance in 
biotech and to grow our business in emerging markets even faster. We made these changes with these opportunities 
fully in mind. 


The sales organization under Gerrit van den Dool, whose proven skills have helped Europe outpace the US for growth 
the past few years will work closely with each of our business units in an effort to maximize sales opportunities across 
all the businesses. Gerrit will also have direct responsibility for managing global customer relationships. 

To further exploit the tremendous potential that we are only just beginning to tap in India and China, Gilles Cottier, a 
20-plus year veteran here and president of our Research Essentials business will add direct oversight of our operations 
in these two markets to his other duties. 

And last but absolutely not least, David Smoller, who has served as a Vice President of Research and Development for 
Research Biotech since 2004, after successfully launching two biotech start-ups during the 1990's before joining 
Sigma-Aldrich team, has assumed the presidency of that business unit. Those of you who have had the opportunity to 
meet Dave know how infectious his energy can be. 

I'm confident that our current initiatives and those management changes will enable us to deliver 7% organic sales 
growth for all of 2007 and supplement that with acquisitions. This should enable us to surpass the $2 billion mark in 
sales this year, while maintaining profit margins in line with 2006 levels and to deliver our increased guidance for 
diluted earnings per share in the range of $2.20 to $2.30 per share for 2007. 

I will close my comments by sharing some additional details about why we are excited about our longer-term supply 
chain projects. Our existing supply chain has served us well, enabling us to build a 2 billion sales company with 
excellent customer service, while achieving profitability that have consistently been at or near the top of our industry. 

It's part of why we have become the global leader in the research market and among the top ten suppliers in the fine 
chemicals market. Because it has worked so well in many ways it has enabled us to focus on the newer sales growth 
initiatives in our 2005 strategic plan, which is firmly on track. So why change and why change now? 

There are three key reasons. First, our four business units require continuous evolutionary, not revolutionary change to 
meet the emerging demands of our customers and propel more rapid growth, which translates to the need to even 
further improve product availability to better sourcing, having the right production capacity available and closer to the 
customer and to developing or improving our abilities to provide even more and better customized service. 

Second, to improve local service to customers and reduce the cost of best service wherever possible, we need to shift 
our supply chain to more closely align with our emerging geographic sales profile. To fully recognize the opportunities 
in faster-growing geographic markets like China, India and Brazil and to build new models that can be used in 
additional markets that are yet to emerge. 

And finally, as proud as we are of our track record, we have no intention to rest on our laurels with regard to our 
profits. As we continue to invest in innovative products explore new markets and provide tools that make it easier for 
customers to find and order our products, we had the opportunity to supplement our current process improvement 
contribution levels, through large order process changes to initially hold and then begin to progressively enhance 
margins. 

Our supply chain project is not designed to reconsider or alter any of our four business unit strategies, but rather to help 
them implement those strategies and achieve their goals. We have used process improvement effectively within 
individual functions and locations to take out more than $60 million in supply chain costs over the last five years, 
which have been a key contributor to our overall process improvement savings of more than 90 million during that 
time. But it's now time to reach for the higher hanging fruit in the supply chain. 

We have developed a supply chain initiative in much the same way that we have been doing our planning around here 
since launching our first strategic plan in 1999. We selected a team of ten of our best and brightest from relevant 
functions across our organization and assigned them full-time to an intensive six-month review. They did a 
cover-to-cover review of our procurement, production, distribution, logistics and inventory management processes and 
how these processes support our business unit strategies, interviewing more than a hundred employees and consultants 
during the review. 


They benchmarked our supply chain against other companies that are considered world-class, and then they designed a 
project that we believe will go beyond current best practices, to enable us to retain the lead in customer service for our 
industry while improving our margins. 

The supply chain initiative focuses on how we produce goods and how we procure goods and services, how we manage 
inventory and how we execute these and other supply chain activities with eight separate but complimentary initiatives 
comprising the overall project. While it's just recently launched, we don't expect measurable benefits until at least 2009. 

The project should be neutral to mildly accretive to earnings for 2008, but we expect pre-tax benefits of 10 to $15 
million as early as 2009, increasing somewhat ratably to between 35 to $40 million by 2012. That could increase our 
otherwise reported diluted earnings per share by up to 23 cents in 2012, assuming our diluted share count remains at 
today's level of roughly 133 million shares. So as usual, we have many exciting things going on here, and many more 
to come. 

Now I will ask Kirk and Mike to review a few more details about our recent performance and expectations beginning 
with Kirk's comments on our second quarter result Kirk?. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Thanks Jai. As reported in yesterday's release, sales increased 13.2% to a new quarterly record of $507.5 million. 
Organic growth of 7.3% was right in line with our 7% internal growth target as is our year-to-date organic growth of 
6.9%. All four of our business units contributed to this organic growth with three of the four units representing 85% in 
total sales, meeting or exceeding their long-term growth goals in the first half of 2007. 

Currency benefits added 3.7 percentage points to Q2 growth and our February, 2007 acquisition of Epichem 
contributed another 2.2 percentage points for the second quarter. 

Details of the Q2 increases for each business unit were included in yesterday's release, so I won't repeat them today, but 
I will mention a few encouraging items that support our forecast sales growth expectations for the remainder of 2007. 

As I indicated earlier, our core businesses of Research Essentials and Research Specialties performed above 
expectations in Q2. Improved demand from pharmaceutical companies produced low double-digit sales increases for 
this customer group, for these business units, just as it had in Q1. Improved growth in sales to academic customers, 
particularly in the US and Europe also helped boost Q2 growth for these two units from Q1 levels. 

It's worth repeating that SAFC hit a new quarterly high in sales at $153 million, representing 9% organic growth over 
one of its strongest quarters in 2006. Enhanced capabilities to provide larger quantities of our catalog research products 
provided low-double-digit increases in the second quarter for our Supply Solutions business just as it had a quarter ago. 
The 2006 acquisitions of Iropharm and Pharmorphix and the Q2, 2007 acquisition of Molecular Medicine BioServices 
all contributed to the strong increase in SAFC's custom pharmaceutical business. 

The 2006 addition of the new clean room and packaging facility at our Sheboygan, Wisconsin location coupled with 
the February, 2007 addition of Epichem's $40 million in annualized revenues more than doubled quarterly sales for 
SAFC's high-tech business in the second quarter over last year's Q2. An increased serum sales volume about offset the 
impact of lower prices for SAFC Biosciences, eliminating the adverse impact that serum sales had on the first quarter's 
overall growth. 

Good growth in molecular biology product sales drove modest improvement in Research Biotech sales in Q2 from that 
experienced in this year's first quarter. Continued weakness in synthetic DNA product sales due largely to price erosion 
mask some of the stronger performance. 

The second quarter introduction of our new web-based search tool called Your Favorite Gene that Jai mentioned earlier 
also help drive this improved growth. This new tool is part of our expanded family of online search tools for biotech 
researchers that includes Protease Finder, Antibody Explorer and the Bioactive Nutrient Explorer. 


You'll hear more about opportunities from Mike that support our expectations for even better growth for this unit in 
upcoming quarters. 

Moving to our profits, we have even more positive news to report. Reported Q2 diluted EPS o 60 cents is also a new 
quarterly high and represents a reported gain of 15.4%. 

Operating and pre-tax margins in Q2 of 2007 remain strong at 22.8% and 21.7% of sales respectively, almost identical 
to what they were in Q1 and roughly comparable with the levels in last year's first-half. Higher product cost levels were 
largely offset by lower cost levels in SG&A with the reasons for both of those changes described in yesterday's release. 

Our effective tax rate improved to 27.5% in Q2, 2007, less than our previously shared expectation for a 30 to 31% rate 
due to favorable tax audit adjustments. But don't take that tax rate improvement to the bank, as Mike will tell you that 
we are likely to give back large part of that later this year. 

So let me turn it over to Mike for comments on our 2007 sales growth and EPS expectations. Mike? 

Mike Hogan, Chief Financial Officer 

Thanks, Kirk, and good morning everyone. As Jai indicated earlier, we've reiterated our 7% organic sales growth 
expectation for this year. Though we were confident about our ability to achieve that growth when we talked with you a 
quarter ago, with the improved organic sales growth in Q2 over Q1 that's already taken place, we are more confident 
with that forecast today. We don't expect any major change in our markets over the final months of the year. The 
majority of any year-over-year benefits we've experienced from our integrated acquisitions in 2006 ended in Q2. And 
the more recent acquisition of Molecular Medicine BioServices with about 12 million in annualized revenues is 
expected to be minimally beneficial to growth in Qs 3 and 4. 

Importantly, our stronger performance during last year's final quarter will also make the comparables for our two 
largest research units, Research Specialties and SAFC -- I am sorry for our two largest units, Research Specialties and 
SAFC, more of a challenge in this year's Q4. That said, we're confident we'll hit 7% organic growth for the year. We've 
modified our forecast for Research Biotech from prior guidance, but fully expect to improve on first-half performance. 
While it's early days, the management transition in that unit has been largely seamless. Many of the programs in sales 
and E-commerce that are expected to drive faster growth in Biotech over the next two quarters were already in place on 
June 30th, but they're expected to gain better traction in the months to come. 

New license agreements with Epigentek and Sangamo BioSciences should provide additional sales opportunities in the 
short term though we entered these agreements for their promise over the long term more than for any immediate boost 
in short-term sales. That said, we do expect an acceleration in organic growth for Research Biotech from the first half's 
1.7% to something closer to 6% in the second half. And in reaffirming our overall 7% organic growth forecast, we have 
made up and we expect to continue to make up any shortfall in Biotech that may materialize in the other units. 

We expect SAFC to repeat its strong first-half performance in the second half and to deliver 10% organic growth for 
the year. In addition to posting its largest sales quarter ever, SAFC's booked orders for future delivery remain at a 
record high. But no one in SAFC has it set on cruise control. 

In addition to new capabilities acquired with Molecular Medicine BioServices this past quarter, we've also added 
resources to move to a 24/7 schedule at several production facilities and brought new CGMP capabilities online in St. 
Louis as we seek to stay ahead of customer requirements and to fully exploit the many opportunities we're seeing in 
this large and fragmented market. 

In mid-May we also launched a redesigned website for SAFC that makes it easier for customers to find what they're 
looking for through intuitive navigation, and that's just the first in a series of planned enhancements as we'll seek to add 
more functionality that will enable individual tracing of orders and provide access to custom manufacturing programs, 
more complex product search capabilities and other features that will allow the user to go anywhere with one click in 
the months to come. 


Our two core research businesses, Research Essentials and Research Specialties, are expected to meet, or even slightly 
exceed, their respective growth targets of 4 and 6% in the final quarters of 2007 enabling them to produce above target 
organic growth for the full year. This will be achieved by continuing our successful customer-centric focus that's 
enabled us to grow at roughly 2 times the market's rate for each of these businesses. 

Our mid-February acquisition of Epichem provided a 2% contribution to Q2 sales growth and we expect that level of 
contribution will occur for both Q3 and Q4 and for all of 2007 as well. While we have nothing additional to report 
today on the acquisition front, we're continually evaluating and in discussions with others. Based on what we're seeing, 
we fully expect to add more new technologies, capabilities and/or geographic locations to support and supplement our 
organic growth in 2007 and beyond. 

Finally, if exchange rates remain at 6/30 '07 levels currency would add more than three percentage points to bring 
overall sales growth for all of 2007 to 12 to 13%. With a weaker dollar at the end of Q2 compared to Q1, we've 
increased our diluted EPS forecast for 2007 by $0.05 to a new range of $2.20 to $2.30 a share, representing a 7 to 12% 
increase over our 2006 result. Pre-tax margins for 2007 should remain largely in line with 21.1% we achieved in 2006. 

We continue to maintain our expectation for a 30 to 31% tax rate for the full year as the tax audit advantage we enjoyed 
in Q2 should largely be offset before year-end from the net effect of tax rate changes in Germany and other 
international tax benefits. The tax rate reduction in Germany is positive in the longer term but it will require us to write 
down some deferred tax assets in the short term that we currently have on our books, which leads us to what Kirk and I 
know is your next question. What's the expected effective tax rate for next year? 

We're not ready to provide full sales or earnings forecast for 2008, but we can tell you our effective tax rate may well 
increase by 1 to 2 percentage points from this year's expectation of a 30 to 31% rate. Why? Because overall 
international taxes may rise slightly, tax audit benefits may not recur and the US R&D tax credit is scheduled to expire 
at the end of 2007 with no indication from Congress on their intentions. If this last item bothers you, drop your 
Congressman a line. We have, and our tax team is working hard to see if they can improve on that forecasted rate. 

Finally, we expect a very modest contribution to EPS from our share repurchase activity. We've already repurchased 2 
million shares in the first half, and it's likely we'll continue at that pace through 2007 assuming market conditions and 
other factors remain favorable. 

So on behalf of Jai, Kirk and all of our colleagues here, I want to thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing 
interest in our company. These are exciting times for Sigma-Aldrich as we work to deliver promised results for 2007 
while setting the stage for even better and more profitable times to come. 

Now let's open up the call for your comments and questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q>: Good morning, this is Amy [inaudible] for Bob. I have some quick questions on the quarter. My first question is, 
Research Biotech remains pretty soft in second quarter '07. I was wondering, how was the performance versus your 
expectation? Can you please identify any specific areas where significantly it'd be lower or above whatever you had 
anticipated? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Okay, Amy. Good morning. This is Jai. I tell you I think the Research Biotech sales, as I 
mentioned earlier, the second quarter we saw improvements in several areas. Previously I had told you that the 
Research Biotech section has four distinct product areas. We have seen the Cell Signaling, which is by far the largest 
component of the Research Biotech area showing very good growth in about the second quarter better than the first 
quarter. Second, in Molecular Biology, where we continue to make acquisitions and license new technology and add 


innovative products, that product area's growing at double digits and we have seen improvement there. PEP for the 
extraction and purification also growing very robustly in the second quarter, very encouraging indeed. Now, where we 
see continued sluggishness is in the synthetic DNA oligo business where our focus will continue to be to revitalize that 
business. And again, and I can tell you it has gone as low as possible and we're not going to give it away any more. So 
we are positive that the additions that we have made to the technology in the other areas will start showing growth as 
we have seen in the second quarter over one and in the quarters ahead. 

<Q>: Okay. And then a follow-up question on Research Biotech. And then can we assume the bottom -- the 
momentum for those business already bottomed in the second quarter, and then going forward second-half '07 we can 
assume some steady sequential growth? And then also when would you expect to fully turn around this business? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think we are as hopeful as everybody else and making all the efforts to revitalize the 
businesses and the portions where we can achieve growth in line with the market and build on what is growing at a 
stronger pace. We are confident about the growth in molecular biology, PEP and cell signaling over the second half of 
this year. And next year onwards, we should also see continued benefits of the acquisitions and licensing that we have 
done. So just stay tuned. 

<Q>: Okay. So for next year's, can we assume this business, Research Biotech, will return to a 10% organic, long-term 
organic sales growth? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Amy, that's what we will strive and work towards. 

<Q>: Okay. And then finally, since your margins have been impacted by -- the acquisition impact, the Epichem 
acquisition and also some other growth, I mean growth related cost, and how quickly would this costing pattern go 
away? And can we assume some margin expansion as quickly as second half of '07? Or is it more or like a 2008 time 
period then? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So, Amy, this is Mike. So as we've said all along, without this large-scale system change in the 
supply chain we think maintaining margins at the levels we've got them is pretty good performance for investors and 
fairer for customers. The acquisitions do have a dilutive to modestly, a neutral or modestly accretive impact in their 
first year to 18 months, and we continue to see that with Epichem, and in fact some of the other smaller ones. It's a 
testimony to the strength of the four units in the business and their global reach that we've been able to offset whatever 
that is by improved performance in the other ones to hold our margins pretty much at last year's level overall. 

<Q>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard, First Analysis. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Good morning. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Good morning, Dan. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Morning 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: You mentioned a couple of times the strength and -- or the growth in academic research spending 
broadly in each of your research business units. But what do you think the source of that spending growth was in the 
quarter? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think -- Dan, this is Jai. One of the things that we have also noticed in the past is the academic 
research, especially in the US, is dependent to an extent on NIH and NSF funding. And especially we are seeing that 
because of the slight increase in the NSF and NIH funding that is probably what is translating into academic spending 
growth as we see it in all of our research units. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. So NSF and NIH funding have increased, is what you're saying? 


<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: In the US, yeah. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. And then my second question, can you give me some specific anecdotes around the 
mechanics behind the supply chain initiative? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think I tell you in supply chain, again at the highest level what the supply chain entails is 
really reviewing how we procure things, what we offer and how we execute. There are eight separate initiatives within 
the supply chain, which all center around these three things that I spoke about. Specifically, we'll be looking at things 
like SKU rationalization, moving work towards centers of excellence, moving work closer, product closer to the 
customer, planning on a global basis, executing locally the many, many things including reducing handouts, optimum 
utilization of our capacity, and we have a detailed plan of when and how to execute each one of these. So there is a 
number of things, and we will keep you informed as we execute that over the period of years. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Well, for example, do you plan on building new distribution centers in the capital markets? Is 
that for this plan? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think again as I said, I can go up to the level of saying that we'll try to get product closer to the 
customers, reduce handouts, so we have to, then we have to communicate this plan widely to our employees et cetera, 
and I would not comment beyond what we have said right now. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Chudy with KeyBank. 

<Q - Douglas Chudy>: Good morning. A couple of questions. First, I was wondering if you could comment or provide 
an update on your current acquisition pipeline. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Current acquisition pipeline. Well as I said in my comments -- this is Mike. As I said in my 
comments, we are constantly evaluating and chatting with people about the possibility of having them become part of 
the Sigma-Aldrich group, and we don't comment 'til we have a deal done, but based on the number of people that we're 
chatting with and where we're at in various processes we feel very comfortable that we'll be able to continue to add 
roughly 3% of revenues to the growth of the company through acquisition, which at today's size means 60 to 70 million 
of revenues a year. As we've said before, we wouldn't shy away from a larger acquisition that made great strategic and 
financial sense, so that 3%'s more a rough guide than a drop-dead if we don't hit or a must-hit number. And we also 
won't go buy revenues just to hit that growth number. We're only buying things that we think make us stronger, better 
and have good long-term prospects for the company. 

<Q - Douglas Chudy>: Okay. Thanks. Next question, in your new Research Specialties segment, I mean growth seems 
to be trending very strong this year. Do you think that, I guess, the 6% long-term growth target is possibly conservative 
at this time? And do you have any plans in making changes to your long-term growth target there? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: No plans to change the long-term growth target. It's going very, very well. Dave Julien and his 
team and the hundreds and thousands of people that support them around this company are doing a great job. We are 
hopeful that it'll grow faster than the 6, but I would just remind you of that -- that in my comments we had a very strong 
finish last year in that business and it will be up against tough comparables over the second half. We believe against 
those of comparables we will hit our long-term target. 

<Q - Douglas Chudy>: Okay. Thanks. And finally one last question, with regard to the turnaround in the Biotech 
business can you comment on where you may be adding -- which specific areas you may be adding sales force or new 
sales initiatives? 


<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Okay. This is Jai. I think where we will -- again, I can say that the Biotech, really the 
revitalization, will be in the genomics and in the oligos area. We will continue to expand our IP innovation in mostly 
the faster growing molecular biology, the "omics" market, proteomics and genomics. This is where we also feel and 
find that white coat serving is being effective. And that's where the market is also growing at a faster pace. So that's 
where we will continue to focus. 

<Q - Douglas Chudy>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with UBS. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Hi, Derik. 

<Q>: Hi guys. This is Dan sitting in for Derik. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Hi Dan. 

<Q>: I just have a couple of quick questions on the emerging geographies. I was wondering first, whether you could 
break out the growth for China, India and Brazil? And then secondly, if you could tell me whether or not the margins -the 
current margins that you're seeing in some of these geographies and I guess also Pabla, how they compared to with 
the margins that you're seeing in the US and Europe? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: What we're seeing in terms of reported growth in those three countries, it ranges between 50 and 
65%. So it still continued strong, got a bit of a lift from currency but the organic growth is strong as well. In terms of 
the margin contribution from capital overall, it is largely the same as what we see in the US and Europe. 

<Q>: Okay. And then the same can be said for China, India and Brazil? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Not in the early days. We are still making some investments, but again, remember that these are 
relatively small on a sales standpoint, so they don't have a tremendous drag on our overall margins, but they are 
improving as we continue to grow sales in excess of 50%. 

<Q>: Okay, great. And with regard to Japan, I was wondering whether you could just quantify the sluggishness there, 
is it still in the 5% range we talked about in the couple of quarters? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: It's ranged from flat to up slightly over the last four quarters, the first two quarters of this year 
have been closer to flat at this point, so that whole economy is still really sluggish, Derik. 

<Q>: Okay, and then just one more. I was wondering whether or not are you able to quantify any of margin gains that 
you're seeing from the Internet orders or whether you are able to sort of look ahead and sort of put a number of around 
the gains that we have seen there in terms of margin given that this is an easier way, a lower cost rate to sell goods? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Derik so as we said in the past, this is Mike -- it is a very similar answer. We know that web is a 
cheaper way on a unit cost basis to take and process and fill to orders from customers. That said -- so we are very 
comfortable that it pays for itself. 

That said, to stay where we need to stay as the industry leader in providing web-based in ordering and capabilities and 
information, we invest a lot of money in this Internet. Jai has shared some examples with you and I have as well today 
in our comments. A newly-done website for our SAFC business that adds all source of functionality that wasn't there 
before, these new web-based ordering tools for our Biotech space, whether that's Your Favorite Gene or others that 
Kirk mentioned. So we are constantly reinvesting in both the content and the architecture and the features of the web to 
the point where I can't tell you that it improves our margins in some way we can measure. 

<Q>: Okay. 


<A - Mike Hogan>: That said, there are ways we believe it does improve our margins that offset increases in cost 
elsewhere because the webs in customer's input data and the next time a human touches it here is to the process the 
order, we eliminate a lot of mistakes, so we do much more right at the first time and all of the theory tells you that 
re-work as expensive as nine or 10 times as expensive as doing it right the first time. So we know there are residual 
benefits throughout the company, they are very difficult to quantify, are bit of leap of faith, but they have to be 
happening for our results to be coming in the way they are. 

<Q>: Okay. Thanks guys. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Good morning, gentlemen. Congratulations on a very nice quarter continuing the trend 
line. A few questions if you may. Starting with the biotech business, the struggles that the synthetic oligos have been 
undergoing is something new, but almost every quarter I seem to be asking a question on when it is going to come to an 
end, and every quarter I get an answer that it can't go any lower and yet you continued to talk about it as a drag. At 
which are we going to anniversary the price erosion, or at least the lion's share of it, and not have to talk about this 
business which is, I think if I understand Jai, one of the smaller business within biotech is the reason for the struggle to 
the unit? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Dmitry, let me put things in perspective. First of all, the Research Biotech business unit in total 
for Sigma-Aldrich is roughly 15%. Now within that, less than 20% is synthetic oligos. Now having said that, people 
will need synthetic oligos to do their work. So in terms of finding ways rather than walk away from it, we continue to 
revitalize that, and make sure that we can sell more of this in terms of volume, number one. 

Second, we will continue to find ways to maximize our margins even in a lower eroding market. Right now, the prices 
have gone so low that I don't believe anybody will be selling it lower than what we are seeing. And surely, we are not 
going to sell it to lose margins. I can also tell you one thing, even though the sales growth of the Research Biotech unit 
in oligos may be down, we are not losing margins on that particular group of product either. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. All right. Is it fair to say that we should not be talking about this in 2008, one way or 
the other, either you will find ways of improving it or you would have bombed out and flattened out in terms of the 
churn line? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Dmitry, the answer to that question is most likely. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. Fair enough, Michael. Continuing on the tax guidance, I just want to make sure I 
understand correctly, because of the 27.5% you posted this quarter, it sounds to me like you're going to be more like 
32% run rate for the second half of the year, is that a right way of looking at it? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: That was for the quarter. The yearly rate is higher than that, so the rest of the year should be in 
that 30 to 31% rate, but there may be variations above and below that on a quarterly basis. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay, all right. And then as we get into 2008, I know you said it's too soon to talk about it 
but then we're looking at something north of 31%, as we get into the out years? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Could be. It could be up a point or two higher than this year's guidance of 30 to 31. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. Okay, given the fact that -- switching gears a little bit here, talking about the fine 
chemicals, given the fact that you're running some of your plants, I don't know if it's majority or a lot, but I think you 
said some, a 24/7 production schedule right now. Are there expansion plans under way or actual expansions on the way 
or do you have capacities at other plants and you're still looking to flex your assets a little bit higher without increasing 


your capacity? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So Dmitry, the answer is that we continue to de-bottleneck and add shifts in other facilities. It kind 
of depends on where the demand comes from. There are parts of our fine chemicals business where we work with 
third-party outsourcing partners to actually fulfill demand because orders are so strong. If we get to a place where we 
believe that's permanent as opposed to temporary, we will do what you have seen us do historically, which is we will 
add and expand, either through buying capacity as we did with Arklow in Ireland last year or through constructing. 

Constructing as you recall takes 18 months, best case, simple plant, everything wonderful, to three years more likely. 
So those kinds of decisions get made routinely by us and I think Kirk announced one that we opened up in Wisconsin 
earlier this year, so those are ongoing all the time in the business. We feel comfortable with our ability to grow that 
business at its 10% targeted rate, with existing capacity for the foreseeable future. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Given -- let me follow up on that a little bit, Mike, given the fact that there is at least by all 
written accounts, significant overcapacity in large sections of the fine chemicals business, what would prompt you to 
build the plant rather than to buy a plant which am assuming you could probably get for below replacement cost? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: If you can find a plant that is appropriately sized, as we did in our closed case at a reasonable 
price, that is built to specs that we feel meet quality and safety standards and have no environmental issues, we would 
buy it. Absent that, we would probably build it. Many of the plants that you are talking about are immense facilities 
which are half or two thirds mothballed and picking up the battleships when you need cruisers isn't a great strategy. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: I got you. Okay. And then the final question. The economic recovery that you've noted in 
talking about your Research Essentials and specialties businesses, did it feel to be sustainable or could this be just blip 
as there was I think maybe a year, year-and-a-half ago, academic, kind of you showed some light and then went back 
underground? Or do you get a sense that, this recovery may actually have some legs this time and we can continue to 
look forward to this part of your business improving? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: We think -- this Jai. I think, based on the trend and within each of these business units, the 
sub-group within the products and the demand for those and the quarter-over-quarter, the trend leads us to believe that 
this is something that would probably continue for a while, and especially when we have seen that this growth is 
coming from all segments of the market like academic, pharma as well as the non-pharma accounts that gives us again 
reason to believe that this may be a trend that got started. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay, fair enough. Thank you very much, Jai. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Paul Li with Brown Advisory. 

Operator 

Paul, your line is open. 

<Q - Paul Li>: Actually my question is answered. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q>: Good morning guys. This is actually Matt for Quintin. Congratulations on the quarter. 


<A - Mike Hogan>: Thank you, Matt. 

<Q>: Most of my questions has been answered, but just going back to academic just one last time. In the Essentials 
segment, US academics did a lot better and I was just wondering if you could give a little color on any particular 
products that helped drive that growth in the quarter and where you think that's going to be going? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes it's really, in his business pretty much across the board yet, he had a very good quarter in 
analytics. He had very good quarter in our equipment business, which is relatively a small part of Sigma Aldrich but 
not an insubstantial piece of his. He saw some pickup in biotech, which is part of why we did better in that segment, in 
that sub-segments or product lines that Jai mentioned, and there really wasn't some kind of superstar did this, the water 
level raised across the board. 

<Q>: Very good. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Which is good. 

<Q>: Yes. And then just a housekeeping kind of question. With this five-year strategic plan, is there like an operating 
margin target that you guys are shooting for, or something along those lines. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So the answer to your question is our long-range plans always assume that we will hold margin 
constant, and then we've announced our supply chain initiative, which points out that if we are fully successful, we 
could improve our margins by as much as a point and a half over the next five years. So that's roughly what, a quarter 
point, three-tenths of a point a year of margin improvement. 

<Q>: Okay, great. That's all I've got. Congratulations again. Thank you. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from the line of John Sullivan with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Reg Joseph>: Hi Good morning guys this is Reg Joseph in for John Sullivan. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: How are you, Reg? 

<Q - Reg Joseph>: Congratulations on a good quarter. Just have a very couple of quick questions here. You'd 
mentioned with regards to the Sangamo collaboration, that you're looking at it from a long-term perspective, but there 
might be some short-term opportunities. Would you be able to add a little bit of color on what the short-term 
opportunities are, and perhaps timing? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes sure, some of this is a service business which exists and so we've picked that up, and I guess 
just -- I mean we're talking around a year at this place. It is a couple of million a year of annualized revenues. But in 
that business – that's the business that in the short-term would have the chance for some expansion. This is a business 
where we work now with Sangamo actively, with pharmaceutical customers who use this technology in their own 
research. 

We have had some very promising and good discussions with some of our very largest customers about expanding the 
tests and the programs that they run using this. And so that is the short-term impact. 

In the longer-term, the excitement with Sangamo is the thought that this technology in particular will be able to be 
expanded in size and scope and content to be sufficient to have off-the-shelf kinds of kits that are more traditional to 
our research business and available to a broad array of researchers in labs all over the world who work in this stuff. But 
again, that takes time to build that content. We are very excited about Sangamo. This is one of the best, in our 
estimation, opportunities for a technology platform that we have seen, at least I have seen in the eight years I have been 
here. 


<Q - Reg Joseph>: Great. Thank you. On serum, for serum sales, you mentioned that volumes compensated for price 


decline. Are you forecasting strong volumes in Q3, Q4 for serum? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: I think we look at it being fairly consistent, so we won't have the continued impact that we have 
seen over the last several quarters. That said, the pricing is a commodity, so it is hard for us to predict where that might 
go. 


<Q - Reg Joseph>: Sure. But from a volume perspective, you see consistency? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes. 
<Q - Reg Joseph>: Great. And similarly with your industrial cell culture business, any color there for Q3, Q4? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: I think that's the main thing, a good part of that is the serum business in industrial cell culture, but 


we are continuing to see some progress on the non-animal based products as well. 


<Q - Reg Joseph>: Great. And sorry one last clarification question. You had mentioned about a production facility in 
Carlsbad, California. Could you remind me again what that facility was for? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes, that's the recent acquisition we have made of molecular, of MMB. 
<Q - Reg Joseph>: Oh, okay. 
<A - Mike Hogan>: They do viral manufacturing? 
<A>: Yes. 
<A - Mike Hogan>: They manufacture viral -- literally manufacture viruses that are used by pharma and biotech 


companies. 
<Q - Reg Joseph>: Great. Thank you, that's all for my questions. 


Operator 

[Operator instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q>: Again this is Amy on behalf of Bob. I have some quick follow-up questions, and the first one, just a clarification. 
You have increased 2007 EPS guidance by 5 cents and does that include the 2 cents per share tax benefit recognized in 
second quarter, or it is purely from currency? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Actually, Amy, it's Mike. It includes everything we know, which includes the known currency 
effects to-date, the 2% tax benefit and what we expect from currency at current rates over the remaining quarters of the 
year. It's all in. 

<Q>: Okay, thank you. And my second question is again on the Research Biotech business, and for the ongoing 
weakness in that segment, I was wondering how much of the impact is from the weakness of the – underlying Life 
Science market and how much is due to the company's specific issues, maybe 50/50 or maybe... 

<A - Mike Hogan>: In synthetic DNA, I would say it's basically the market. We are not alone. I think if you read 
others who are in that business, they're going to report very similar kinds of results. That said, we don't blame markets 
for our performance, we can do better. 

With regard to the other businesses, we don't think those are weak. Jai was sharing numbers with you that in some 
segments are growing in the low to mid-teens and in some segments are growing in the high-single digits, and if we can 
just get the re-balance in that business to have the portfolio consist of more of those and fewer DNA sales, that business 
could be quite nice for quite a while to come. 


<Q>: Okay. And then lastly, for this Research Biotech business, have you lost any market share over the past, like, two 
or three quarters to your competitors, or their share remains pretty stable? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: No, I think any change there is immaterial. I think most people would just like to see prices get 
stable and I'm not for sure anybody's bragging about a big share in that business right now. 

<Q>: Okay, cool. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

At this time, there are no questions in queue. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Okay. I would like to then thank everybody for their participation. Looking forward, we do expect to release results for 
the third quarter of 2007 on October 23 and our next conference call is scheduled for October 24, again at 10 o'clock in 
the morning, central time. This concludes today's conference. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


