Q2 2011 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kirk A. Richter 
• Rakesh Sachdev 
Other Participants 

• Jon P. Groberg 
• Tracy Marshbanks 
• Peter Lawson 
• Quintin J. Lai 
• Isaac Ro 
• John E. Roberts 
• Dmitry Silversteyn 
• Daniel Arias 
• Jonathan Joseph Palmer 
• S. Brandon Couillard 
• Michael J. Sison 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Sigma-Aldrich Corporation Earnings 
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will 
follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to 
turn your conference over to your host for today, Mr. Kirk Richter. Mr. Richter, you may begin. 

Kirk A. Richter 

Thank you. And also let me say good morning and welcome you to our Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I am 
the Vice President, Treasurer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. And with me today is Rakesh Sachdev, our President 
and CEO. 

In today's call, I will review our second quarter performance. Rakesh will then follow that with a discussion on the 
activities that contributed to our second quarter results and our outlook for all of 2011. After completing those reviews, 
we'll open up the call for your questions and comments. 

We will be using a slide presentation as part of today's call. That presentation can be viewed by accessing our Investor 
Relations Web site at www.sigmaaldrich.com. 

Before beginning the review, I do need to remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking statements 
about future activities and our expectations for sales, earnings, cash flow and other possible future results. While we 
believe these expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, actual results may differ materially due to any number 
of factors, including the risk factors listed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, in 
the cautionary statement that is included in today's release and in our slides. We have no plans to update these 


forward-looking statements after this conference. 

Also, we do provide information on non-GAAP financial measures covered in today's conference. That information, 
which consists of currency and acquisition-adjusted sales growth, operating income and related margins, net income 
and EPS results on both an adjusted and reported basis, and free cash flow reconciled to net cash provided by operating 
activities is also contained in today's earnings release, which is posted on our Web site and in the Appendix to today's 
presentation that begins with Slide 13. 

Our Q2 sales were $637 million, a reported increase of 15% over last year's second quarter and a new quarterly high. 
Our organic sales growth, which excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions, was 6%, right in line with our full 
year 2011 expectation for mid-single digit organic sales growth. Both our SAFC and Research businesses contributed 
to this growth. Acquisitions added another 1% and changes in foreign currency exchange rates added 8% to the overall 
increase in reported sales over the prior year. 

Our second quarter net income of $113 million is a 17% increase over last year's second quarter. Reported diluted EPS 
was $0.91, a gain of 15% over the prior year. On a comparable basis, excluding restructuring charges, adjusted net 
income of $115 million and adjusted diluted EPS of $0.93 would have increased by 16% and 15%, respectively, over 
the 2010 levels. 

In the second quarter of 2011, we recorded restructuring charges of $2 million, or $0.02 per share, the same amounts as 
last year. The restructuring actions which began late in 2009 are intended to increase the efficiencies of our operations 
and lower our overall fixed cost structure. We expect to record another $3 million in expenses for these actions later in 
2011. As a result of these restructuring actions, our EPS is expected to benefit by about $0.10 annualized with most of 
it beginning in 2012. 

Our Q2 free cash flow of $77 million equaled the amount generated in the second quarter of 2010, consistent with our 
first quarter results. Higher net income was offset by a working capital increase to support sales growth in select 
markets and to enhance customer service. 

Looking now at our first half results for 2011, our sales grew organically by 7%. In addition to growing our top line, we 
are pleased with the double-digit growth in earnings. Our adjusted net income of $236 million and adjusted diluted EPS 
of $1.90 each achieved mid-teen growth on both a reported and adjusted basis. Free cash flow remained consistent with 
2010 at a healthy $210 million with the increased net income offset by working capital increases, just as I described for 
Q2. 

Now let's review our sales performance for the second quarter and first half of 2011 in more detail. The 4% organic 
growth in Q2 for our Research business matched our Q1 performance and met our expectations in the current market 
environment. Our Research sales in the U.S. and Europe grew organically in the low- to mid-single digits, while our 
Asia-Pacific and Latin American business continued to grow near double digits. Rakesh will comment more on our 
sales growth shortly. Our recent acquisitions of Vetec, Resource Technology Corporation and Cerilliant contributed 
approximately 2% and currency added 8% to the reported Research sales growth. 

Our Q2 sales for SAFC set a new quarterly record of $183 million. This was a 10% organic increase over 2010's Q2, 
but down from the 16% organic growth we reported in Q1. As we mentioned in the Q1 conference call, while we 
expect sales of our SAFC business to remain strong for the remainder of the year, we do expect to report lower organic 
sales growth in the second half of the year as a result of tougher comps against the very strong sales performance of 
SAFC in the second half of 2010. 

Strong sales of our Hitech products to the semiconductor and LED industries continued the momentum achieved in Q1, 
driven by continuing demand for our LED precursors, especially in Asia. Sales of industrial media to the biopharma 
industry had significant double-digit organic growth during the quarter compared to Q2 2010. This growth was driven 
by the continued strong demand by biopharma customers as sales of biological drugs continued to expand. 

Our Supply Solutions business also achieved high-single digit growth in the U.S. and in Europe and double-digit 
growth in Asia-Pacific and Latin America during the quarter. Sales for our custom pharmaceutical manufacturing 


business were less than 2010 second quarter as market conditions continued to be difficult for Custom APIs. 

Organic sales growth in the first half of 2011 was 4% for Research and 13% for SAFC, resulting in a 7% companywide 
organic growth rate. A 1% benefit from acquisitions and 5% from favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates 
drove reported growth for the first half to 13%. These results are consistent with our expectations for research and 
reflect the strong performance in SAFC in Q1 and Q2. 

We believe that we can continue to have positive momentum in sales as we implement the strategic initiatives that 
Rakesh will review shortly. 

On a constant currency basis and after removing the effects of restructuring costs and the higher incremental 
amortization associated with our recent acquisitions, our adjusted operating income margin the second quarter was 
26.3%, or a 10 basis point improvement over 2010. This improvement included an additional expense of $3 million, or 
50 basis points as a percentage of sales, for our strategic growth initiatives. 

As previously mentioned, our free cash flow for the first half of 2011 of $210 million was equal to the amount reported 
in the same period of 2010. Higher net income in the first half of 2011 compared to the first half of 2010 was offset by 
working capital increases that used $57 million of cash. This cash usage was largely due to higher accounts receivable 
levels as well as higher inventory levels to enhance service in the faster-growing markets in Asia-Pacific and Latin 
America and other select markets. 

Our capital expenditures in the first half of 2011 were $44 million, slightly higher than 2010. We expect capital 
expenditures of approximately $120 million for full year 2011 compared to $99 million for all of 2010. We are making 
investments in the high-growth emerging markets of China, India and Taiwan to support our growing Research 
business and to meet the strong demand for our SAFC Hitech products. 

Now, I'll ask Rakesh to comment on some of the operating highlights in Q2, as well as the reaffirmation of our 2011 
forecasts. Rakesh? 

Rakesh Sachdev 

Thanks, Kirk, and good morning to everybody. Before covering some of the second quarter details, I would like to 
review briefly our strategic priorities and provide context for our second quarter progress. 

Growth is an important strategic imperative for the company, and we are driving this on several fronts. In the Research 
business, we are focused on innovation and product leadership in the faster-growing segments of analytical chemistry, 
select areas of biology, and material science. Additionally, we are focused on expanding our product breadth, customer 
service and distribution capabilities to deliver greater convenience to our Research customers for our core products, 
including our chemistry and bio-chemistry reagents, lab essential products and lab ware. 

In our SAFC business, we are driving growth in the areas of cell culture media for biological drugs, chemical used in 
electronic applications, such as for the manufacture and development of LEDs, semiconductors and solar panels. We 
are also leveraging our unique manufacturing capabilities to provide Custom APIs, vaccines and fermentation products 
to the pharma industry. And finally, we are growing our Supply Solutions business in SAFC where we provide raw 
materials for several industries, such as diagnostics, food and beverage, pharma, to name just a few. 

The emerging markets have been, and are clearly going to be strong markets for us to drive organic growth in Research 
and our SAFC businesses. Additionally, our e-commerce platform is a very important channel to our markets and 
provides unsurpassed convenience and service through best-in-class content and search tools. We have a strong balance 
sheet and we intend to deploy our capital structure to complement our organic growth through selective acquisitions. 
Since last December, we have invested about $150 million in three bolt-on acquisitions. Our second quarter and 
year-to-date organic sales growth are 6% and 7%, respectively, reflect both the success of the individual Research 
initiatives and the strong growth in SAFC. 


Our Analytical Chemistry initiative continued to benefit from positive customer response to our new applications in the 
environmental and food and beverage sectors. We are capitalizing on our increased presence in the analytical standard 
markets from our recent acquisitions in that space, which added about 12% growth for Analytical in the quarter. 

In the Biology area, we achieved reported growth of 13% and organic growth of 5%, reflecting improved demand in 
this area compared to the organic growth of 4% in the first quarter. This increase was notably driven by a higher 
demand for our biomolecules products, including antibodies, and our functional genomics products, including the 
expanding offering of our Zinc Finger Nucleotide products. 

Our performance in Materials Science products for research continued to exceed our expectations with high-single digit 
organic growth. This growth came from the U.S. and international markets outside of Europe. We experienced strong 
demand for our mineral-sourced hard materials products, driven in part by improved research funding in alternative 
energy. 

We continued to experience robust growth in SAFC sales in the second quarter. Strong demand for our industrial media 
products used in the production of biological drugs continues to be a strong performer for our SAFC business. We also 
saw our Hitech business continue to do well in the quarter, as strong demand for materials and precursors for use in 
semiconductor and light-emitting diode applications continue to positively affect this business with double-digit growth 
compared to 2010. We expect this to continue through the remaining quarters of 2011. 

We are also pleased with the growth in our Supply Solution business, which saw high-single digit growth to diagnostic 
and pharmaceutical customers in all geographic regions. In addition to the 10% organic sales growth for SAFC in the 
second quarter and 13% for the first half, we are pleased that SAFC's booked orders for future delivery at the end of 
June reached another record level and were 4% above the June 30, 2010, level. This is an indicator of future growth for 
that business. Even though the strong third and fourth quarters of 2010 were moderate growth comparisons for the 
balance of the year in SAFC, we continue to expect high-single digit sales growth for the full year. 

Geographically, our North America sales growth of 6% exceeded our expectations as sales of the SAFC industrial cell 
culture media to the biopharma sector showed strong growth, as did sales in the Hitech markets. North America also 
had a 3% lift above and beyond organic growth from our recent acquisitions in the Analytical space. Sales growth in 
the second quarter in our European business was negatively affected as sales to a large customer in the Middle East, 
which is included in our European sales, was lower this quarter than a year ago. 

Additionally, we saw a small impact from restructuring at some of the pharma customers in Europe. Our international 
region, which includes Asia-Pacific and Latin America, had strong organic sales growth of 12%. In our focus markets 
of China, India and Brazil, combined second quarter organic sales growth was 20%, and with the acquisition of Vetec 
adding another 7%, our focus markets grew by 27%. 

One of the continuing keys to our overall sales growth in the future is Internet superiority. We continue to make our site 
more user friendly, using greater feedback from customers and finding ways to make their work more efficient. During 
the second quarter of 2011, we had 11.4 million visits to our Web site compared to 9.6 million in the second quarter of 
2010, or a 19% increase. In the second quarter, the percentage of Research sales through the electronic commerce 
channels remained at about 50%, the same rate we achieved in the first quarter. We are expecting additional growth 
from the addition of new products from our acquired businesses to our e-commerce platform in the future. 

Now let me highlight a few specifics achieved on our strategic initiatives in the second quarter. We completed the 
acquisition of Vetec located in Rio in Brazil in late May. Vetec is the largest domestic manufacturer and distributor of 
chemical reagents in Brazil. This purchase doubles our market share in Brazil, adds more than 3,000 products and 
approximately 300 employees. Most importantly, it adds a platform for us to execute our local supply chain strategy by 
providing all aspects of manufacturing, quality control, packaging and distribution at a high-quality facility in Brazil. 
The integration of Vetec, Cerilliant and RTC are on schedule and the businesses are all delivering as expected. 

We had several activities in the Life Science space during the quarters that reflect our ongoing commitment to our 
platform technologies. In Zinc Finger Nuclease, we added custom- and catalog-based engineered cell lines to our 
offering. As an example, we now have cell lines available for breast cancer research. We also began selling 


off-the-shelf transgenic rats in the second quarter. Additionally, we capitalized on the ZFN technology by licensing it 
for spider silk production. 

In our Chemistry initiative, we are seeing some exciting applications with our stable isotope products. For example, our 
isotopes are now being used in breath tests for diagnosing stomach ulcers. 

In the second quarter in our Material Science initiative, we agreed to collaborate on the scale-up and commercialization 
of next-generation hydrogen storage materials. We believe this collaboration will further the development of a vital 
component for consumer-friendly hydrogen storage materials for fuel cells and clean combustion technology. 

Our expansion in Wuxi, China, should be online in the fourth quarter of 2011 and this should give us the capability to 
package and distribute more competitively-priced products for the local Chinese markets. 

In India, we have just completed the expansion of our Bangalore Packaging and Distribution Center. This 57,000 
square foot expansion, which includes packaging operations for the first time in this country, enables us to enhance 
service levels for the local and regional markets and provides us a cost-competitive facility for other regions of the 
globe. These newly-installed operations complement the longstanding manufacturing capabilities we have had in India. 
These are just a few examples of our strategic activities. 

Now, let me review our 2011 outlook. Our sales forecast for the mid-single digit organic sales growth is unchanged 
from our previous guidance. We continue to expect market conditions to remain similar to those we experienced in 
2010 and the first half of 2011. Our recent acquisitions are expected to contribute about 2% to the full-year organic 
sales growth expectation, and at current exchange rates, currency is expected to increase reported sales growth by about 
5% over the prior year. 

We have reaffirmed our outlook for adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year to a range of $3.60 to $3.75. This 
range excludes any restructuring or other special charges. We expect currency to increase diluted EPS over the prior 
year by $0.10 to $0.15 at the end June 2011 exchange rates. This is up slight from our last outlook. However, we are 
experiencing higher inflationary cost pressures in materials and we expect that through the pricing actions and the 
slight benefit in FX to largely offset these costs. 

We are making additional investments this year, both in initiatives that are intended to drive future sales growth and 
operational improvements. We expect the investments to be $15 million to $20 million more than we spent in 2010, or 
about $0.10 per share. Our effective tax rate for 2011 is expected to be in the 29% to 30% range, and this includes a 
benefit from the U.S. R&D tax credit in 2011 and the benefit we received in the first quarter resulting from the release 
in tax reserves. 

We reiterate our expectations to report the diluted adjusted EPS for 2011 in the range of $3.60 to $3.75. And we expect 
free cash flow to exceed $400 million this year. Let me assure you that our entire Sigma-Aldrich team is committed to 
achieving these strong results, and I look forward to updating you on our progress on the next conference call. 

I want to thank you for your support and ongoing interest in our company, and on behalf of the worldwide 
Sigma-Aldrich organization, I thank you for joining us today. Now, let's open up the call for your comments and 
questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jon Groberg from Macquarie. Please 
go ahead. Your line is open. 

<Q - Jon P. Groberg>: Hi. Thanks a million for taking the questions. Excuse my voice, I have a cold. Just two 
questions. First question, I don't think you actually gave a number for Europe. Could you maybe just tell us what the – 
Europe grew there? And maybe expand a little bit in terms of the impact you saw from – from pharma? And the second 


question is it looks you're getting a bit more of a benefit from FX, but you didn't change your guidance. And I think you 
said that was because of cost inflation. If you could, just maybe expand a little bit more on the cost inflation that you're 
seeing. Thanks. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Sure, Jon. And good morning. Yeah, Europe was – Europe actually grew about 2% 
organically this quarter. And as I said, we were negatively affected. We had a large business last year with a Middle 
Eastern customer that probably affected it by about 1% -1%, 1.5%. The Research business and SAFC both grew about 
the same in Europe. I would say that where we are seeing some pressure in Europe, and we saw that in Q2, was in 
academia. We were flat to slightly down. But the other businesses were pretty consistent with what we have seen in the 
past. U.S. clearly grew more than Europe in the second quarter. And of course, Asia-Pacific and Latin America are all 
growing very, very strongly. In terms of the FX impact, you're right; I mean we do expect a slightly-higher impact on 
FX for the full year. We have seen some inflation, especially in freight costs with what's been happening with oil, and 
some our solvent production. So we are going to use that to offset that. We of course, we're also going to have our 
normal pricing actions cover that. So overall, I think between the FX and some of the cost inflation, we're still holding 
that we'll be whole. And if for some reason we can bring that to the bottom line, we will sort of give you further 
guidance as we go forward. 

Operator 

Does that answer your question, sir? 

<Q - Jon P. Groberg>: Yes. Thanks. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Marshbanks of First Analysis. Your line is now open. 
Please go ahead. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: Good morning, guys. A couple of questions. A little bit related maybe to the first – others 
have been out talking about impact of worldwide austerity programs, not that it's taking away growth, but it's blunting 
what they thought was possible. If you just sort of look at that broadly, what is your sense of the market impact? And 
more importantly, the impact on you, if any? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yes. So, Tracy, I think as we look at the macro picture, I think if you look at the last few 
months, what we are seeing is that the business – well generally, the demand in academia and government research labs 
has been fairly flat. But when we look at our other end markets, like biotech, diagnostics, especially the industrial 
markets and the chemical industry, those have been still growing quite nicely. So I think where we are seeing some 
slowdown is really in the academia sector, which is not a surprise. And more of that is, as I just mentioned previously, 
is in Europe. Our academia business is still growing nicely in the international markets and it's probably growing in the 
low-single digits in the U.S. and it had been growing a little more. So I think some of that is playing out. But again, it's 
too early for us to see if there's really a trend. As I said, most of other markets including pharma, we have actually 
grown quite nicely. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: All right. Maybe just a quick update on the CFO search and what are timeline – is it still 
the same? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah. So Kirk is – Kirk Richter is doing a great job for us and I think I had mentioned that he 
intends to be here through the latter part of this year. We will be finalizing the CFO announcement fairly shortly and I 
think we will be probably prepared to make an announcement in the coming few months. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: Thanks a lot. I'll get back in line. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: You're welcome, Tracy. Thanks. 


Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Lawson from Mizuho USA. Your line is now open. Please 
go ahead. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Rakesh, I wonder if you could just elaborate upon pharma, what's happening in Europe versus 

U.S. versus the rest of the world, and the outlook. 
<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah. So I think if you break pharma out for us in our Fine Chemicals business and our 
Research business, I think what you would see is that clearly both to pharma and biopharma our sales and from our 
SAFC businesses have been very robust, very strong. It's just the uniqueness of what we do with them. If you look at 
the Research business with pharma, again, that has been fairly flat. It's been growing in the low-single digits, which is 
not unexpected, especially in the U.S. and Europe. But we've been recipients of some benefit in the emerging markets 
because pharma have moved, either doing more work with CROs or they have their own capital incentives, so we are 
sort of benefiting from that. I would say Europe is where we are seeing the most weakness in pharma because there has 
been a lot of restructuring. And as you know, some of the large pharma companies have shut down several of their 
research centers and they're moving the work outside. So I would say that's kind of where we have seen some of the 
pressure in pharma. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: And then just on your Internet initiative, what percentage of sales from the Internet versus the 
catalog? And are those sales or those customers just as sticky as the catalog sales? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: On the percentage of Research sales, it's at 50%. As we said in the call, that's consistent with 
what we saw in the first quarter. We haven't been able to add our new acquisitions to the site, so we're getting a little bit 
of a misleading indicator there, but we intend to add those to the site. In terms of the cost, there's a fair amount of 
infrastructure that supports that Web site. Not only is it the cost of the site itself, but it's got the SAP backbone which 
supports that. So there's not much difference between a traditional sale and an e-commerce type sale. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: And are those customers just as sticky as the catalog sales? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: Absolutely. Yeah. 

<Q - Peter Lawson>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Quintin Lai from Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open. 

<Q - Quintin J. Lai>: Hi. Good morning. Again, kind of going back to the academic and pharma – the academic 
demand, the other companies that have reported just recently talked about softening, but it seems like that perhaps 
maybe there's a correlation between instrument-heavy companies and a consumable-based company like yours. As you 
were looking at kind of your daily sales as you went to the end of the quarter, did you see any slowdown at all? Or was 
it pretty steady through the quarter? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: I think what we saw is not only was it steady through the quarter, but the second quarter was 
generally pretty consistent with the first quarter, except for what Rakesh mentioned earlier about that one special order 
in Europe. Other than that, the two quarters were pretty much the same as well. 

<Q - Quintin J. Lai>: Interesting. Interesting. And then I guess with respect to potential M&A going forward, Rakesh, 
what are you seeing with respect to the environment out there? Are there still lots of opportunities for you to do tuck-in 
acquisitions? Or just any color would be great. Thanks. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah. I mean, absolutely. As you know, Quintin, we've done a few acquisitions here. I would 
say that over the last few months, we have clearly seen a lot more activity in terms of the M&A markets in our space. 
There are a lot of companies who were either considering for doing something and we just have a lot more in the 


pipeline. Our pipeline is quite full. We are evaluating, I would say, at any given time, at least a dozen opportunities. 
And – but these take time because a lot of these are bolt-on acquisitions and sometimes it's either private companies 
that require some extended discussions. But I would say that there are opportunities out there. You know we are fairly 
disciplined buyers. We want to make sure we are buying for the right reason and we have a strategic context. But yeah, 
we see opportunities out there. Now we also have to pace ourselves to make sure that as we keep buying – making 
acquisitions, that we integrate them properly and make sure that we're delivering on our commitments that we make to 
our shareholders. 

<Q - Quintin J. Lai>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Rakesh, first off, I just wanted to touch on 
your outlook for the SAFC Hitech business. It does seem to be there's a softening CapEx environment for the 
semiconductor sector heading into next year. I'm wondering what your forward-looking outlook is for that part of your 
business? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah. We haven't – again, a lot of the work that we do on the semiconductors is really for the 
development and it's unlike in the LEDs where it's for the manufacturer. And so first of all, I would say a bigger part of 
our Hitech business is clearly exposed to the LED business, and that business, as you know, is still very, very robust. 
And I think I mentioned the last time, we are expanding our operations in Asia. And by the way, we're expanding these 
operations based on supply agreements that we are putting in place with our customers. So we're not just making 
investments without commitment from our customers. I think on the semiconductor side, the same thing. I think we are 
very actively engaged with semiconductor companies in the development of new products and we haven't seen any 
slowdown in that part of the businesses yet. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Okay, thanks. Then maybe, Kirk, a follow-up on the numbers. Just given that you guys run a little bit 
longer on your inventories versus the peer group in tools, can you maybe remind us how we should think about FX 
impacting gross margins in the back half of the year? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: I think what we said is we've actually upped that guidance. In the prior quarter, we said we 
thought it was a $0.05 to $0.10 advantage; now, we're saying it's $0.10 to $0.15 for the full year. But as Rakesh 
commented earlier, there's some other offsets thus maintaining our guidance at that 360 to 375 level. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah, but to answer your question about just the FX impact on the margins, as you know, in 
the first half and this quarter, we had dampening of our margin because of FX. I think you understand we have some 
currencies that are clearly helping us, like the euro, but then we have some other currencies that are offsetting that, like 
the Swiss franc, because we do have several large operations in Switzerland. So that gives us a little bit of a headwind 
there. But overall, I think FX is still going to be on an absolute basis a positive to our results, but probably a slight 
headwind on the margins. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Okay. Thanks very much. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts from Buckingham Research. Sir, your line is 
open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - John E. Roberts>: Morning, guys. 


<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Morning. 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: Morning, John. 

<Q - John E. Roberts>: What's the split between the U.S. and International for online sales now? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: The U.S. has been historically much higher than the International. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah, the U.S. has been closer to about 60% and I think International is coming up. I think 
there's disparity between the countries in the international. We've just finished the translation of our Web site in Japan; 
we're doing that in several other countries. I don't have the exact number with me here what the international business 
is, but I think it's probably maybe around 40% or so. 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: Yeah, something like that. 

<Q - John E. Roberts>: Okay. Then this may be a crazy question, but do you think any of the federal government labs 
will put in any austerity plans over the next week or so in anticipation of maybe delayed payments or some sort of 
disruption short-term from the government situation we've got here? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: I don't know, your guess is probably as good as ours. It would be very unlikely, but there's no 
rumbling that we would cut anything. 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: No. 

<Q - John E. Roberts>: Okay, thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn from Longbow Research. Your line is 
now open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Good morning. A couple of questions since most of mine have been answered, and they 
tend to be a little bit longer-term. But on the shorter-term question, Rakesh, you talked about the raw material headwind 
being offset by the better foreign exchange contribution than you expected. But you also talked about some pricing 
initiatives in the second half of the year. Can you talk about what you're doing differently now versus your pricing 
initiatives previously? And what kind of a level of pricing do you expect to achieve in 2011? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah, so on pricing, I think we're doing what we have done historically. We did pull forward 
the pricing. We actually went with a pricing action in June. Really, most of that benefit will really come in the second 
half of the year, because we started seeing sometime in Q2 some – the material inflation, especially around petroleum 
products and also freight, so we acted on that. We typically grow – do our pricing increase around the 
August-September timeframe. So that should help us mitigate, or in fact eliminate, the impact of the cost increases. 
And that's what we have done on the price. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: So you're basically looking at – so you got the pricing into the market earlier than you 
normally would and you're hoping that that's going to maybe add 50 basis points to it? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Well, I mean pricing typically gives us a couple of percent, but I would say that we would 
probably end up using quite a bit of that to offset the material cost inflation. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Got it, got it, okay. My second question is on the cash use. I mean you've flirted around 
with being cash positive; now you're clearly cash positive here. You haven't done any share repurchases. There was a 
little bit of a share creep this quarter, as a matter of fact. Can you talk about cash use outside of M&A? Obviously, 
M&A is going to be consuming some of that, but what is it? The three deals that you've done were about $50 million 
worth, so clearly not of the magnitude that would meaningfully impact your cash position. So what's your outlook like 
around raising dividends or increasing the face of share repurchase? Or how do you intend to deploy this gas for 


shareholder benefit? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: I don't think our strategy is going to change significantly. M&A is still the primary focus. On 
share repurchases, it's largely to offset the dilution from our equity award programs. And then I expect barring any 
major change that would make dividends more favorable, we'll keep it at that roughly 20% payout ratio. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Well, just also I think maybe I heard you say $50 million, but we've invested $150 million in 
the last six months in acquisitions and expect that we will do some more of those. And as Kirk said, we would look at 
share buybacks and we don't rule out the possibility if the timing's right and the opportunity and we have excess cash, 
that we would do those appropriately. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: So in that case, let me follow up – outside of lightning striking and you having an 
opportunity to do a $2 billion acquisition, how do you – I'm assuming you're not particularly happy with your balance – 
with your capital structure here being not cash-positioned. How do you intend to address or rectify the capital structure 
going forward? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: I would say acquisitions and share buyback. So I think we will just play it along those two 
fronts. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: I understand that, Rakesh, but my point is you've been doing that as part of corporate 
policy for a while. And your cash position continues to grow. So I mean it's obviously what you're doing is not enough 
to – to get to a more reasonable capital structure. So I'm just trying to think if you're trying to explore – if you're 
looking at something outside the box, or if it's just – you're just going to resign yourself to carrying a cash balance. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: I made a couple of statements. One, I think as you know, most of our cash is outside the U.S. 
So that – so if you were to do a very significant share buyback, we would probably have to leverage our balance sheet. 
We prefer to leverage the balance sheet to making sizeable acquisitions. But that's where the cash is. And I think the 
second thing is as we look at acquisitions, we are looking at – we look at acquisitions small and large. And we will – 
we are just working through that as part of our strategic process. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay, okay. I understand. And then final question. You delivered mid-single digit growth 
here in the first half of the year, it's organic; sounds like that level of growth is going to be sustained through 2011 
assuming market conditions stay where they are. 

It's hard to argue with this type of growth given how difficult situation is out there, but at what point do you see 
yourself – or do you – where does at market have to improve either regionally or through market sectors like pharma or 
academic research or chemical and Hitech? In other words, what markets that you conditioned should we look for for 
you to be able to get to your 7% or 8% organic growth target? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Well, I think if you look at where we are growing – if you look at our emerging markets, 
which is becoming a more meaningful part of our business, and we are getting double digit growth there, so I think it's 
going to have a bigger impact in the future. I think if you look at the focus that we have now put on the faster-growing 
markets within Research – and I talked about Analytical Chemistry and I also talked about certain areas of Material 
Science, we clearly see the opportunities to grow there in the double digits. 

think where we'll have to sort of work on sort of different fronts is our core chemistry and biochemistry business. We 
understand that. But we are driving convenience. We are using our e-commerce channels. We are using our distribution 
capabilities to drive sales there. If you look at the first half of this year, our organic growth has been 7%. And if you 
look – so it's not far from what we have said. And we'll just continue to drive that. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: So if I hear what you're saying, it sounds like your ability to get the 7% to 8% from this 
point forward is more a function of your internal execution and initiatives than it is of end markets improving? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Well, I mean the end markets always have an influence. To the extent that the end markets 
don't move, and they haven't traditionally moved too much on us, I think the [ph] wild card (44:58) of course is down 
the road is our SAFC business. The SAFC business, certain parts of our SAFC business have some cyclicality. Again, I 


think we are very pleased with the focus that we have on our SAFC business because we have actually chosen to play 
in niches within SAFC that have a long-term growing trend. But there are some pieces of that business that are cyclical. 

So every quarter's not going to be exactly the same. As we've said in the second half of this year, we're probably going 
to show a lower organic growth rate in our SAFC business because of the comp versus the second half of 2010. Now 
the actual sales of SAFC are just going to remain strong, maybe even get stronger, but just the comps may be a little bit 
different. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: All right. Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Arias from UBS. Your line is now open. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Daniel Arias>: Hi. Thanks for the questions. Rakesh, within sales of the industrial cell culture market, that's 
obviously been pretty solid for several quarters now. How much visibility within that market would you say you have 
right now? Do you feel pretty good about demand there beyond, say, six months or so? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah, I think so. I think we work very closely with the biotech industries and we are working 
with them at different stages of the evolution of these biological drugs. I would say that we feel pretty good that in a 
few years when eight out of the top 10 selling drugs in the world are going to be biological drugs. I think we have 
visibility that we will probably be speced in at least five or six of them. And so we are working closely with the 
biopharma industry in their developments. We have some – obviously they share with us kind of where the trends are. 
And so far, we are feeling pretty good. 

<Q - Daniel Arias>: Okay. Thanks. And then I appreciate the comments on the gross margins and I apologize if I 
missed this, but do you still see operating margins flat year-over-year after excluding the restructuring? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah. I mean, given that we are spending more on some our strategic initiatives this year, and 
if you take out the effect of FX and restructuring, I think year-over-year will be fairly equivalent to last year. Now 
obviously, FX is the wild card; depending on what happens to the FX, it could go up or down. 

<Q - Daniel Arias>: Okay. And then just one quick one. How did the Oligo and the protein assay businesses do this 
quarter? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: I think the Oligo business was up this quarter. I'm sorry, I can't tell you exactly how much it 
was up, but it was – it did grow this quarter. 

<Q - Daniel Arias>: Okay. Thanks. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Knight from CLSA. Your line is now open. Please go 
ahead. 

<Q - Jonathan Joseph Palmer>: Morning, guys. This is Jonathan Palmer in for Paul Knight. Thanks for taking my 
questions. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Good morning. 


<Q - Jonathan Joseph Palmer>: I was wondering, could you tell us how long does it take to work through the SAFC 
backlog? Is that a quarter? Two quarters? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: Yeah. I think generally that represents between a three- to six-month backlog. And that's not 
on the Supply Solutions business, which is roughly 40%. Most of that's in our other areas of the Custom Pharma and 
the Hitech business. 

<Q - Jonathan Joseph Palmer>: Thanks, Kirk. That's pretty helpful. And then just wondering about the growth rate in 
emerging markets and Asia. Is there any significant difference between SAFC and the Research business in those? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Yeah. I mean, I would say that the Research business probably is growing right now in the 
emerging markets in the low-double digits and the SAFC business is probably growing closer to 20%. And the reason 
the SAFC business is growing quite healthily in the emerging markets is because of the Hitech business, which tends be 
most of the electronics business is in Asia. 

<Q - Jonathan Joseph Palmer>: Of course. And you just spent some time on the call talking about emerging markets 
and you've done the Vetec deal in Brazil. Can you maybe just quantify how big of an addressable market that is and 
what kind of customers you serve there? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: So again, we serve all the traditional customers. We have been in Brazil quite strong in the 
academic markets and the government institution markets. Vetec actually brings a couple of different end markets for 
us, which is very exciting. They are very, very strong in the industrial markets and so we're going to complement each 
other quite a lot on the customer side, as well as on the product side. 

I mean, the total addressable market, as I said, the Vetec business practically doubles our business in Brazil. And I 
think we're going to see a lot of synergies as well because we will also have available now some very neat products out 
of Brazil which will give us an opportunity to bring some of those products out of Brazil into other parts of the world as 
well. 

<Q - Jonathan Joseph Palmer>: Thanks again for taking my questions. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Wood from Jefferies & Co. Your line is now open. Please 
go ahead. 

<Q - S. Brandon Couillard>: Thanks. This is Brandon Couillard in for Jon this morning. Kirk, in terms of the 
inventory build in the second quarter, should we expect that metric to moderate in the second half? And do you feel 
you're adequately stocked in those emerging markets at this point? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: I think that was one initiative we were going to carry on throughout the year. So we expect for 
the full year that our inventory months on hand would go up slightly. And no, that isn't going to abate in the second 
half. With the strong growth that we're continuing to see in those markets, particularly in the three focus markets where 
we are up 20%, we have found that there's a good correlation between increasing the service level and continuing to 
sustain those kind of growth levels. So no, we're not going to hold back at all. 

<Q - S. Brandon Couillard>: Okay. Thanks. And just so I'm clear, on the pricing, as I understand it, you pulled 
forward the typical annual pricing you take in September to in June. That's not an incremental off-cycle price increase, 
if I understand that correctly. And is it higher than you would normally take on an annual basis given the inflationary 
pressures? Or was it consistent with I guess prior years? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: No, I would say it's fairly consistent. Again, this is when we look at pricing, we look at those 
products which are more prone to material inflation, and so we adjust prices accordingly. So especially products which 


have more petroleum content where we have adjusted probably prices higher than we have in the past, but on the 
others, we may have not. We may have kept about the same. So I would say we would still expect about 2%, 2.5% 
price increase. And as I said, we will probably use a lot of that for offsetting material inflation. 

<Q - S. Brandon Couillard>: Thanks. And then one last one. Kirk, what was the amortization expense in the second 
quarter? And do you have an updated outlook for the full year? 

<A - Kirk A. Richter>: I don't have the second quarter in front of me. The amortization, depreciation and 
amortization, looks like it's up about 10% from what it was a year ago. That'll be slightly higher and the components 
will change as we sort out the various pieces, particularly on the Vetec one that we just finished up. It won't grow 
significantly more than that, but it will be up slightly higher in the second quarter because of Vetec. 

<Q - S. Brandon Couillard>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from KeyBanc. Your line is 
now open. Please go ahead. 

<Q - Michael J. Sison>: Hey, Rakesh. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: Hi, Mike. How are you doing? 

<Q - Michael J. Sison>: Hey, if you want to send me some of that cash, I'd be happy to take it, by the way. But no, I'm 
just joking. In terms of SAFC, you've had two years now, very strong growth. How sustainable do you think or maybe 
help us understand, maybe it's – the markets certainly haven't grown to that significant level. But why do you think 
that's sustainable the next several quarters and the next couple of years, because there's been very strong growth there? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: I think you have to look at the underlying growth, where we are getting it from in SAFC, 
that's important. Because I think if we just say high-level Fine Chemicals, it's sometimes difficult to understand. But if 
you look at our – let me break that SAFC business for you. 15% of the SAFC business is Hitech. And as I said, the 
Hitech business is really riding on the coattails of a trend that we're seeing on LEDs, which is really growing. We don't 
see that over the next few years abating. So I think, again, that's on the trend. 

Then we have our Industrial Media business, which is about, close to 25% to 30% of the SAFC business. And as I just 
mentioned, you know, biological drugs are on a growth trend. And so again, we have hung onto the coattails of a trend. 
So if you look at the Bioscience business, which is about 30%, Hitech which is about 15%, that's 45% of our business 
that is actually riding on some good trends. 

The other 40% of the business is our Supply Solutions business. And the Supply Solutions business is a very interesting 
business; again, it's providing raw materials for diagnostics, food and beverage. It's really leveraging our research 
assets. And the reason we are very successful is because of our ability to maintain the quality standards for a lot of 
these products. And that business I think has a steady growth. Now, it's not going to grow like Hitech or our Industrial 
Media business, but that business has been growing in the mid- to slightly high-mid single-digits this year, and we 
continue to see that. 

I think the wild card in our SAFC business is our Custom Pharma business, which is only about 15% of the whole 
SAFC business where we sell APIs and vaccines, and that is more prone to some of the macro issues that pharma and 
biopharma are seeing. So granted, we have a small portion of the SAFC business that we're very watchful of what's 
happening, but again, there also we have chosen to be a very niche supplier of custom APIs largely and certain 
computation products. So that's been our strategy in SAFC and I think that's going to help us going forward. 

<Q - Michael J. Sison>: In terms of acquisitions in Hitech, there's a pretty big industry out there for semiconductor 
materials and chemicals. Is that an area that there could be good fits for you guys down the road? And maybe areas that 
are maybe not bolt-on but maybe newer? 


<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: That could be as part of Material Science. You know a lot of the work that we do in Hitech, 
which is SAFC, but there's similar kind of science that we use for products that we sell in our Research area. So will we 
look at acquisitions that cover Material Science and some of the Hitech offshoots? Yes, we are. So as I was mentioning 
earlier, we do have a pipeline and there are companies that would give us, perhaps, an expanded reach in some of the 
Material Science and Hitech products as well. 

<Q - Michael J. Sison>: Okay. And last question, in research biotech, there was a time where the growth potential 
there was expected to be a mirror of SAFC. I know that's come down a little, but any chance over the next couple of 
years that business can get – could sort of mirror what SAFC is doing in terms of growth? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: So again, it's very much like the story I said about the emerging markets. As the 
faster-growing segments of our biology business become more meaningful, I think it will create more growth for the 
biology sector. If you look at within our biology business, I would say about 20%, 25% of the business is very fast 
growing. The other business that we – where we have invested, so when you look at genomics, you look at 
biomolecules – you know, a lot of these fast-growing business are growing 15%, 20% per year. But again, we still do 
have a lot of our bio basics business that grows more in the low-single digits. And so – yeah, I'm not concerned. I think 
as we grow these business, they'll become more important pieces of our business. 

<Q - Michael J. Sison>: Great. Thank you. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev>: You're welcome. 

Operator 

Thank you, sir. And with no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any 
closing remarks. 

Kirk A. Richter 

So we certainly want to thank everybody for their participation today. Looking forward, we expect to release results for 
the third quarter of 2011 before the market opens on October the 25. And we'll follow that with a conference call that 
same day at 10:00 AM Central Time. That concludes today's conference. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you 
may all disconnect. Have a great rest of the afternoon. Thank you. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2012, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


