Company Name: Sigma-Aldrich 
Company Ticker: SIAL US 
Date: 2007-02-14 
Event Description: Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

Q4 2006 Earnings Call 

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Brian and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been 
placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer 
session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn today's call over to Mr. Kirk Richter. Sir, you may begin your 
conference. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Thank you. Good morning and let me also welcome you to our fourth quarter earnings conference call. With me today 
are Jai Nagarkatti, our CEO and President; and Mike Hogan, our Chief Administrative and Chief Financial Officer. 
Following my introductory comments, Jai will review our 2006 results, update you on the progress we made last year 
in implementing our five key growth initiatives, and also cover our expectations for 2007. I will follow that with more 
detail on our fourth quarter performance. Mike will wrap up our prepared comments with more details about our 
expectations for 2007. Then, we'll be opening up the call for your questions and comments. 

Before turning over to Jai, I do need to remind you that today's review will include forward-looking statements about 
future activities and our expectations for sales, earnings, and other possible future results. We believe that these 
expectations are based on reasonable assumptions but actual results may differ materially due to any number of factors 
including those listed in 'Management's Discussion and Analysis' section of our 2005 Annual Report and our most 
recent Form 10-Q and in the cautionary statement in yesterday's release. We have no plans to update these 
forward-looking statements after this conference. 

Also, SEC regulations require us to provide information on any non-GAAP financial measures covered in today's 
conference. That information, which consist of currency and acquisition adjusted sales growth and profit and EPS 
results on both the pro forma and reported basis, is also contained in yesterday's release which is posted on our website. 

Now, I will ask Jai to begin our review. Jai? 

Jai Nagarkatti, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you Kirk and good morning everyone. When I spoke with you one year ago as the new CEO of Sigma-Aldrich, I 
shared that in my 30 years here each succeeding year had been exciting compared to the previous one and that 
comment is just as true for the past year. 2006 marked the 32nd consecutive year of revenue and EPS growth for our 
chemical business. To reiterate what I said in yesterday's release, I am pleased to report both sales and EPS growth for 
2006 that exceeded our previous forecast. Currency adjusted sales growth for the fourth quarter of 8.9% boosted our 
organic growth for the full year to 6.4%, slightly ahead – above the 6% expectation we provided just one quarter ago, 
and our Q4 diluted EPS of $0.53 pushed full year's EPS to $2.05, roughly $0.02 above the top end of our last forecast 
as operating margins remained strong and help from tax contributions exceeded expectations. 

With that strong finish behind us, we fully expect to achieve our 7% organic sales growth goal this year. I have said on 
previous occasions that this 7% goal is a reasonable stretch and challenging. Nonetheless, it is a target we feel is within 
our reach. Our overall performance in the second half of 2006 was slightly better than the first half on both a reported 
and a run rate basis. Our core businesses, Research Essentials and Research Specialties, should largely meet their 
respective organic growth goals of 4% and 6% each and every quarter. Our Research Biotech and SAFC business 


should also contribute to our full-year success, but growth rates will likely fluctuate on a quarterly basis based on the 
shipment timings of larger orders. A slight reduction in growth in the underlying biotech markets mentioned in 
yesterday's release from the 5 to 6%, we enjoyed in 2005, presents a challenge. Overall, the initiatives we've launched 
over a year ago, together with the acquisitions we made in the last two years, are working well and should provide 
what's needed to achieve our overall sales growth goal in 2007, and I'm sure most of you are aware that our 2007 
growth will be enhanced with the acquisition of the Epichem Group, which we announced just a few days back. 

What gives us this confidence? Let's briefly recap our recent accomplishments and activities for each of our five key 
strategic initiatives. First, our reorganization into four customer-centric business units has done exactly what we 
expected it to do, allowing us to get closer to our customers and to work actively with them to address their different 
individual needs of economic buyers, lab scientists, life scientists, and project managers. Perhaps some examples here 
will help. Our global strategic accounts now receive routine contact from key managers, including members of our 
executive management team who are assigned to some of them as proactive account sponsors. These contacts, together 
with focus from our field sales team on these important global accounts, provided growth at about twice the pace as the 
rest of our business. 

In May of last year, Abbott recognized our company with its 'Supplier Excellence Award'. We were one of just 19 
suppliers from among their more than 25,000 vendors to receive this recognition for outstanding performance and 
continuous improvement in servicing their needs. In November, SAFC received U.S. Surgical's 'Recognized for 
Excellence Award' for its efforts in supplying a key and complex raw material of consistent high quality, and just 
yesterday, Merck presented us with its 2006 'Operational Award for Research Procurement', recognizing our status as 
one of their top suppliers for breakthrough we have achieved by working with them across the research and fine 
chemical procurement process. We have received a number of similar recognitions from others where our customers' 
rules prevent public disclosures but each of these reinforces our resolve that we are on the right track with our 
customers. We'll continue to look for similar opportunities to improve customer relationships and help accelerate their 
success during 2007 and we are convinced that these should enable us to continue to build customer loyalty and take 
market share. 

Our second key initiative is to achieve accelerated growth in our non-European international market; that's a mouthful. 
At this time, I would like to mention that from now on, we refer to these non-European international markets as 
CAPLA which represents Canada, Asia-Pacific, and Latin American countries where we currently do business. We 
achieved our goal of boosting sales in these countries by 1 percentage point of total sales during 2006, keeping us right 
on schedule in our efforts to do so again each year from 2007 to 2010 to reach our goal of 25% of global sales from 
these markets by year 2010. Our focus countries, China, India, and Brazil, all achieved 30-plus percent sales gain in 
2006. We'll seek to continue to build on our expanded presence in China, on our new facilities in India, and on new 
sales initiatives in Brazil but these three markets are only part of our overall effort here. We also continue to achieve 
strong growth in markets like Singapore where 2006 sales growth exceeded 30% and where we'll celebrate our 10th 
anniversary of operations in that country next month. Significant markets like Australia and South Korea continue to 
provide above-average growth as well, and we have even seen promising signs in Japan where modest sales gain in the 
fourth quarter and expectations for slightly underlying growth in GDP in the country in 2007 sound encouraging. 

Our third initiative, building on Internet superiority continued to gain traction. Web-based and e-commerce sales 
comprised 36% of our overall research sales in the fourth quarter. An average of 800,000 unique visitors came to our 
site each month during 2006 to view information, place orders, or send an inquiry. We are sending nearly 25,000 
customer permitted e-marketing messages out each and every business day, and we are just months away from rolling 
out a multimillion dollar upgrade to our website to make it even more information rich and easier to navigate, all in 
support of our goal to use the Internet as a key driver of our overall revenue growth. 

Process improvement, our fourth initiative, had another record year in 2006. Well ahead of expectations, it delivered 20 
million in savings, up from 19 million the previous year and eclipsing our 15 million goal, and we expect to realize at 
least another 15 million in savings from the efforts of employee teams around the globe in 2007. 

Finally, our 2006 acquisitions added approximately 25 million in annualized sales from technologies that enhance our 
already technology-rich platform and bring additional capabilities to drive growth for our Research Specialties and 
SAFC businesses and contribute to the accelerated sales growth goal in the CAPLA markets. The addition of Epichem 
is not only expected to add 2% to our otherwise reportable sales growth for 2007 but it gives a large boost to our SAFC 
Hitech business in the fast-growing, high-performance semiconductor market, and we continue to identify and pursue 
other candidates, so stay tuned. 


I fully expect 2007 to be another exciting and rewarding year for Sigma-Aldrich. We enter it with the same optimism, 
commitment, and high expectations for performance that have defined our company and our employees for many, 
many years of sustained growth. The entire Sigma-Aldrich team is committed to and confident about our ability to 
achieve 7% organic growth, to deliver diluted EPS of $2.15 to – between $2.15 and $2.25 per share this year and add to 
that with acquisitions. 

Now, I will ask Kirk to review our fourth quarter results. Kirk? 

Kirk A. Richter, Treasurer 

Thanks, Jai. As we reported in yesterday's release, fourth quarter sales increased 13.2% to a new record for quarterly 
sales of $464 million. This growth included a currency benefit of 4.3 percentage points. Our Q4 organic growth of 
8.9% was slightly better than we had forecasted would be just one quarter ago. All four of our business units 
contributed organic growth in Q4, with three of the four units meeting or exceeding their long-term growth goals in that 
quarter. Details of the Q4 increases for each of our business units were included in yesterday's release, and Jai has just 
updated you on the progress on our sales-related initiatives, so I won't comment on either of those items, but I do want 
to mention a few other items that give us optimism about our ability to achieve our 2007 sales growth expectations. 

Research sales growth in Q4 came from all major industry sectors with a modest uptick in the growth rate for academic 
accounts in the year's final quarter. While U.S. government funding remains stable and isn't expected to change much 
in 2007, we experienced modest sales growth in the academic sector in the U.S. in each of the last two quarters with 
even stronger growth in academic settings in Europe and the CAPLA markets, and I'd be remiss if I didn't give some 
kudos to SAFC for its 15% currency adjusted growth in Q4, where sales gains from pharmaceutical customers were the 
best achieved in 2006, and sales to other commercial account sectors remained strong. 

Each of our three key geographic regions also contributed to our strong finish in Q4 with sales in the U.S. and the 
CAPLA markets benefiting significantly from the extraordinary results in our SAFC business. And our SAFC booked 
orders remain at a record level. While biotech market growth has slowed from the 5 to 6% rate we enjoyed in 2005, our 
efforts to serve biotech customers remain focused on activities that will take market share. We expect to achieve 
organic growth in the 7 to 9% range in this segment. 

Moving now to our profits, reported Q4 diluted EPS of $0.53 was our best quarter in 2006, enabling us to exceed the 
high end of our forecast diluted EPS range for all of 2006 by about $0.02. Our reported EPS gain for Q4 was 26.2%. 
Our fourth quarter pro forma increase, after putting stock-based compensation expense, purchase accounting charges, 
and last year's tax charge, to repatriate $120 million on a comparable year-over-year basis, was 17.8%. 

You will find a full reconciliation of pro forma to reported net income and diluted EPS for the fourth quarter and full 
year of 2006 and 2005 in the Supplemental Financial Information section of yesterday's release. 

What's behind this profit increase? Strong operating and pre-tax margins continued, with Q4 2006 levels representing a 
slight improvement from what we achieved in 2005. Currency was a modest contributor, as we experienced a currency 
advantage in last year's final quarter for the first time in 2006. Process improvement savings set a new record in 2006 
with a benefit of $20 million, $1 million more than what we achieved in 2005, but the main contributor to net income in 
Q4 was once again taxes. 

We reduced our Q4 effective tax rate from an expected 30 to 31% range to 23.4%, due to favorable international taxes 
and a gift from the U.S. Congress in the form of a retroactive reinstatement of the U.S. R&D tax credit. 

With that background, now I will ask Mike to comment on our 2007 sales growth and EPS expectations. Mike? 

Mike Hogan, Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Secretary 

Thanks Kirk and good morning everyone. As you have heard, we expect to report organic sales growth of roughly 7% 
for 2007. This organic growth will likely come from 2 to 3% underlying growth in the markets we serve; the more 
significantly from each of the many ongoing and newly planned sub-initiatives, we're implementing to drive our five 


key strategic growth initiatives. Pricing isn't expected to change much, providing roughly 2% of the growth for our 
three research-based businesses again this year, and we'll have a small, but not separately identifiable carryover benefit 
from the four small acquisitions we closed last year, all of which are now largely integrated into the Sigma-Aldrich 
family. 

Quarterly results are likely to vary a bit throughout the year, not due to the holiday timing issue we dealt with in the 
first half of last year, but more likely due to the lumpy nature of our SAFC business and the timing of Research Biotech 
library sales which were a growing part of that business' growth plan. What gives us confidence we'll be able to deliver 
such a year? Our two core businesses, Research Essentials and Research Specialties, delivered expected organic sales 
growth of 4 and 6% respectively in 2006, and our best predictor for tomorrow's growth in these more predictable run 
rate unit is what we have just demonstrated in the prior year's full results. We expect similar, if not slightly better, 
performance from these units in 2007, and that should be achieved by continuing our customer-centric focus, enabling 
us to gain share in these markets again this year, which is great, because that's expected to help overcome the slightly 
slower than expected growth rate for our Research Biotech business in 2007. 

While we all like to see stronger growth in the biotech market, our resolve to aggressively add new products through 
our own internal efforts and through the collaborative relationships we have built with many of the thought leaders in 
the promising field of genomics remained strong. Based on all we know today and all we're doing, we expect to 
achieve 7 to 9% organic growth for Research Biotech in 2007 with full expectations that we'll return to our 10% 
long-term growth target for this business as market conditions rebound in the years ahead. 

SAFC just posted its strongest quarter ever, with record sales of 133 million in Q4. This certainly increases our 
optimism as we begin 2007. Our booked orders for future delivery remain relatively unchanged from the record level 
achieved at the end of Q3. These factors, together with the expanded capabilities for cGMP manufacturing and 
solid-form research services provided by our two SAFC related acquisitions last year, increased growth expectations 
for our rebranded supply solutions business based on recently demonstrated results, and the new capabilities to take 
advantage of opportunities for Hitech products with the addition of Epichem just two days ago, all combined to make 
us optimistic about SAFC's ability to deliver yet one more year of strong growth in 2007. 

After Monday's announcement of the Epichem deal, we have nothing additional to report today on the acquisition front, 
but that doesn't mean we're sitting on our heels. Evaluations and discussions with others are ongoing and we fully 
expect to be able to continue to add exciting new technologies, capabilities, and geographic locations to supplement our 
organic growth in 2007 and beyond. As we generally say here, stay tuned. 

So let's recap our sales growth expectations. We expect organic growth of 7% with an additional 2% from Epichem. If 
currency rates remain at 12/31/06 levels, we'd expect to add another two percentage points to that. 

Moving to our earnings and EPS expectations for 2007, we are forecasting diluted EPS in the range of $2.15 to $2.25 a 
share representing a 5 to 10% increase over 2006. The addition of Epichem should be neutral to mildly accretive to this 
EPS estimate. Comparisons to last year's results should be a lot less confusing in 2007 with differences related to 
inventory purchase accounting charges and stock-based compensation expense, no longer applicable. 

In addition to boosting reported sales growth, the weaker U.S. dollar may benefit earnings slightly as well. Overall, 
pre-tax margin should remain largely in-line with the 21.1% we achieved in '06, and our already completed repurchase 
of 4 million shares in 2006 and expectations for a similar level of repurchase activity in '07 should also provide a 
modest contribution to our EPS gain. But a higher tax rate is expected to reduce otherwise reportable EPS by roughly 
$0.10 a share as neither the tax audit nor the export tax benefits we enjoyed in 2006 will repeat. 

We also believe our ability to generate and redeploy cash will continue strong this year. Operations produced 330 
million in cash in 2006, with net cash after all uses increasing by 75 million. Operating cash flow should largely follow 
earnings this year, with capital expenditures in the $80 million range. So look for another strong cash year in 2007. 

In wrapping up our prepared comments, on behalf of each of our colleagues worldwide, let me restate what others have 
already shared. We are all optimistic about our opportunities for 2007. We are confident we'll deliver 7% organic sales 
growth. We are excited about the prospects for building our technology base through additional acquisitions, and we 
are committed to delivering EPS of $2.15 to $2.25 per share. 

On behalf of Kirk and Jai, I want to thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in our company. 

Now, let's open up the call for your questions and comments. 


Q&A 
Operator 

Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Quintin Lai of Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi. Good morning. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Good morning Quintin. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Congratulations on a very nice quarter. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Thank you. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Thank you. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: As we look out to the high growth area of your CAPLA regions, when do you anticipate that you'll 
start to see operating margins in that regions kind of mimic what your core operating margins in Europe and the U.S.? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Quintin, this is Jai. We at this time don't report operating margins by regions and we will 
continue to do what we are doing right now. So, we don't distinguish the margins. They are just about the same. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Okay. Excellent. And so, then as you are supporting these areas, do you anticipate just continuing 
to grow SG&A, then I guess, as sales, or do you see an opportunity to really build ahead of that opportunity and kind of 
be one of first movers into these areas? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Actually, it's interesting. We have a long history, particularly in places like China and India, 
versus some of our competitors. We have been sourcing from those countries for years. We have had India open for 
well over a decade, growing nicely. And so, we have already made many of the investments that you are describing, 
Quintin. We have opened a new plant in India. We bought our dealer in China and opened a large warehouse to do a 
better job of servicing our customers locally. And so we think that we have actually already made many of the 
investments you are talking about. We will obviously continue to look for more. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: And then just finally, and I'll hop back into the queue, last year there was that holiday issue where 
the first quarter and second quarter had differences in organic revenue growth, but together, they came closer to the 
overall yearly growth. So, what you are saying then in 2007 is don't expect that kind of Q1, Q2 difference between the 

– for organic revenue growth? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: Not based on Easter. We are subject, as we are increasingly to, as we have said to shifts in 
quarterly performance based on the timing of shipments of large orders to customers, and on library sales in our biotech 
business but fortunately, I think Easter is behind us. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Okay. Thanks. I'll jump back in. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research. 
<Q - John Roberts>: Good morning guys. 
<A - Kirk Richter>: Good morning. 
<Q - John Roberts>: The Research Biotech area, where the customers are getting additional productivity gains, so 


they're – the machines that they are using in the DNA analysis are using less chemicals per test? Is that... 
<A - Mike Hogan>: It depends. 
<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. Maybe you could just talk us through that a little bit more on what's going on there. 
<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think if you look at our Research Biotech business in general, it is still one of the smaller parts 


of our overall business. Over the last several years, we have made some significant investments to acquire new 



technologies through in-licensing and our own internal R&D. Most importantly, we were pleased with the modest 
rebound that we saw in the last quarter because of all the efforts. And more pleasing, also, is the fact that customers are 
reinforcing our judgments that we made in investing in technologies as seen by some of the recent out-licensing deals 
that we did and announced in the last quarter. Now the Research Biotech business, as we've mentioned earlier, is made 
up of several different parts, cell signaling being one, which is significantly big part, the DNA and oligos being a part 
as well, but the DNA and oligo part is only a small part of our Research Biotech business. So even though there is 
softness in that because of the factors that you mentioned, we are continuing to get productivity gains there, and we 
remain competitive in the marketplace. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Why do you characterize it as price decreases? So that your list price on the DNA products are 
unchanged, but because they're using less because of the higher productivity you at least characterize that as an 
effective price decrease? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think this depends on the number of – DNA is a custom business. It depends on the price per 
base, and as you well know, the price per base is extremely competitive and our processes, we are competitive because 
of process improvement and we can compete in the marketplace. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. But list prices haven't changed? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: No. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Dan Leonard with First Analysis. 

<Q - Daniel Leonard>: Good morning. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Good morning, Dan. 

<Q - Daniel Leonard>: In your forecast for 2007, you are looking for organic growth to accelerate from the level it 
was in 2006. Are there any external factors that would provide a tailwind for you or is it strictly your internal initiatives 
and efforts which you expect will accelerate that growth? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Dan, so first of all, it is a slight acceleration from the pace we just saw in the fourth quarter. The – 
yes, there's a bit of a tailwind, I mean, in the sense that academic is back for two quarters in a row in a way it hadn't 
been historically, but, no, most of what we are talking about is coming from doing it the old fashioned way, which is 
things we are doing. 

<Q - Daniel Leonard>: Okay. And, Mike, you mentioned that the weaker dollar could help your forecast in 2007 by a 
little bit. Can you quantify that for me? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Sure. What we have said it could be as much as 2% of sales if the December 31st rates stay where 
they're at, and it could have a similar kind of impact, $0.01 or $0.02 on EPS. It's not anything we're counting on. If it 
happens, it will be nice news to share. 

<Q - Daniel Leonard>: Okay. But maybe only $0.01 or $0.02 on the bottom line? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes. It's not a big number. 

<Q - Daniel Leonard>: Okay. And then finally, with the growth in the emerging markets that you talk about, and you 
specifically cited China and India as being up 30% year-over-year. Is the growth in those markets disproportionally 
benefiting any one of your business units, or is it pretty evenly spread throughout the four? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Dan, I think right now it is evenly spread toward the four business units, with, I would say, a 
slight advantage toward Research Specialties and Research Essential business. 

<Q - Daniel Leonard>: Okay. Thank you very much. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc. 
<Q - Mike Sison>: Hey guys, nice quarter and good year. 
<A - Kirk Richter>: Thank you. Hi Mike. 
<A - Mike Hogan>: Hi Mike. 
<Q - Mike Sison>: A couple of quick questions. In terms of SAFC, the backlog that you are seeing going into 2007, 


could you just give us some sort of anecdotal feel of how much that backlog supports, let's say, the 10% growth goal? 


Is it half of the growth goal? Is it all of it? Could you just give us a feel for that? 
<A - Kirk Richter>: I think as we probably said in the past, Mike, it doesn't give us a significant part of our quarterly 
business, so we have to be out there each and every day taking in new orders, but just the level does give us some 
encouragement. 


<Q - Mike Sison>: What about, do you have a level of contract – I know going into the fourth quarter, you had some 


contract, or some delays in those shipments; any of that that supports the growth into 2007? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: No. Mike, it's pretty much where it was. We had a very strong performance during the quarter 
growth for SAFC in the fourth quarter and we did so without taking down the booked orders for future delivery. 


<Q - Mike Sison>: Got you. Then, in terms of the Hitech business now with Epichem, how big is that business? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: It's 40 million in revenues. 
<Q - Mike Sison>: No, no, in total? 
<A - Mike Hogan>: I am sorry. Epichem is about 40. The total business, we used to tell you that Hitech was about 5% 


of our SAFC sales. So if you do the math, it's 60, 65 million in total sales. 


<Q - Mike Sison>: Conductor industry, could you give us a feel for what the growth outlook of that business in total 
should be? 
<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think the – Mike, this is Jai. The semiconductor industry, this is one of those businesses, which 


is growing, and the technology is rapidly changing. Ability of an organization to be able to be responsive with the type 
of chemicals that are needed is really the key and the credibility of the vendor. As you saw from our release, I think we 
are really pleased that I think, Epichem now which is part of SAFC, is a recognized supplier by companies like Intel. 

<Q - Mike Sison>: Right. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: So I think these are the type of things that will give you an indication that it is a growing 
market. 
<Q - Mike Sison>: Okay. And last question, now, you commented that 25 million of sales from acquisitions that were 


closed in '06 contributed to '06 sales excluding JRH. Does any of that flow over? 


<A - Mike Hogan>: Mike, it's about an equal proportion. As we have said in prior releases, about 13 of the 25 million 
ran through our actual booked sales during '06. 
<Q - Mike Sison>: Right. 
<A - Mike Hogan>: Which means there's about 12 of it that will flow through this year. All told, these are roughly a 


percent. All of our integrated and acquired acquisitions are about two-thirds to 1% of our growth this year. 
<Q - Mike Sison>: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. 
<A - Mike Hogan>: You bet. 


Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Amy Zhang with Goldman Sachs. 


<Q - Amy Zhang>: Good morning. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Good morning. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Good morning Amy. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: I have a couple of questions. I think in second quarter '06 conference call, you mentioned there 
was a large order delayed into second half '06, and I was wondering whether SAFC benefited from pick-up of the order 
in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: No, Amy, I mean it benefited in the second half of the year Amy, but these things happen. They 
are going to move quarter-to-quarter. We think you're better off looking at this business in – over a full year. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Okay. And my second question related to emerging markets. Obviously, we see a very strong top 
line growth momentum in that region, and can you provide some color on the margins, and then can we assume the 
margins in emerging markets are a little bit higher than the average level, or significantly higher than the company 
average level? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So, I think as Jai said before, Amy, we don't see a lot of margin differential in the CAPLA 
markets versus our European or our U.S. markets, so we – they're very comparable margins. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: And then, also with more competitors moving to emerging markets trying to capture the very solid 
growth in the region, what's Sigma-Aldrich's competitive advantage there? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think the – Amy, this is Jai. The Sigma-Aldrich competitive advantage, first of all, is our 
long-established presence in these markets, number one. Second thing is, we have always had our catalog, literature 
material reach researchers in these areas and our ability to get our products up there quickly, efficiently to meet the 
needs of our local customers, as well as people who are outsourcing projects up there. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Okay. And my last question, related to Research Biotech. There is some slow acceptance of new 
product, and then I was wondering what kind of operating initiatives have you already taken there in response to this 
challenge. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So, Amy, we continue to build on the collaborative relationships we have established with others 
in recent releases, we have talked about new institutions that have joined in with the Broad Institute in our work there 
on vectors. We also have increased the number of people that are out doing white coat lab selling, which is literally 
scientist-to-scientist selling, because these are very complicated technologies, and we continue to press those home. 
Biotech is a marathon, not a sprint. And we're fully committed to it. You have seen the investments – the number of 
small investments – we have been making to make sure that we're playing in all the relevant fields in genomics and 
functional – genomics and proteomics and we to intend to stay on that course. 

<Q - Amy Zhang>: Okay. Perfect. Thank you very much. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin with UBS. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Good morning. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Good morning Derik. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Just a couple of questions. So, when you are talking about some of the issues that you see in 
the biotech market, how much of this is just some of the issues going on in terms of demand, or is there anything going 
on in terms of some of the competitive dynamics following some of the merger activity we have seen and some of the 
missteps from some of your competitors in this space? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think, as we mentioned earlier, the market itself is growing at – well, there is some softness in 
the market, because as you know there's a lot of this type of research is also done in the academic institutions and 
academic funding that we all read is hurting because of the grants from NIH and NSF. So that is one reason you see the 


softness that every one of the suppliers in this market also in the end sees as well. Then most of the time the other thing 
is the technologies are new. It takes some more white coat selling and adaption for these product lines and kits to take 
traction. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay. I guess how much did you spend on M&A during 2006? I guess what was – at the time 
you did the deals I realize you don't break it out now but at the time you did the deals what was the total revenue of 
your acquisition – at the time you bought the acquisitions in '06? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: 25 million on an annualized basis as of the time we acquired them, that was the revenue pool of 
which roughly 12 or 13 ran through the statements last year, and the carryover effect will be a similar number this year. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay, great. And I guess what – for your stock option expense activity in '07, similar levels as 
in '06? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Yes. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay. And I guess there certainly a lot of the companies in this space have been reporting quite 
variable tax rates on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Is this – there seems to be some potentially [indiscernible] partly due to 
changes in tax law, but I mean, how do you see – do you think the tax rate is going to be a little bit smoother in '07 
versus '06? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Well, can I answer that standing on one foot, because not only you saw some variability in 2006. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Yeah. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: But there's some also some new tax accounting pronouncements that are effective for the 
beginning of '07 that probably make that even more likely to occur in 2007. So I expect, yeah, there will be more 
variability in '07 than there even was in '06. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from the line of Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. Dmitry, your line is open. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Hello? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Hi Dmi. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Hi Dmitry. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay, good. Congratulations on a very good quarter. Good morning everybody. A couple 
of questions a lot have already been gotten to; I just want to make sure of something, on the oligo pricing that you 
mentioned, they are declining year-over-year. I think last time we talked you said that the declines pretty much have 
stopped. So are we just anniversarying kind of the last of the declines and should we be seeing this market as a more 
stable market in 2007, albeit at a lower level? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yeah, as a predecessor of Jai's used to say from your lips to God's ear. Yes, we think that we have 
seen this reach the bottom. As you get close to zero, it gets tougher and tougher to go down. We have seen productivity 
increases as Jai alluded to in the way we make these things that have been equal to the test or the pricing decline, but 
that just let's us keep margins. It doesn't let us expand them. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: I understand. Okay. But as far as the year-over-year impact if prices remain at these levels 
and it looks like, or at least it sounds like they have stabilized, should we be seeing flattish comparison beginning in the 
first quarter or later on in the year? I'm just looking for the timing of when these price decreases occurred. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Dmitry, I think in the great scheme of Sigma-Aldrich's number, this is such a small piece that you 
won't hear us using this as a reason for not hitting the expectation. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: All right. Glad to hear that. Second question, on the biotech slowdown, I understand that 
the academic market being flat, because of NIH funding and all that, although, I think at one point you said that NIH 
funding is only about 5%, or the NIH-funded customers represent only about 5% of revenues for your company. But 


broadly speaking from everything I see, biotech market is fairly strong at least on the development side and the FDA 
pipeline side and new drugs hitting the market and ramping up to blockbuster status some of them. So is there more 
behind this, your inability to grow biotech revenues, especially given that this is something that you have been focusing 
on, if I remember correctly, for most of this decade? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yeah, so Dmitry, sorry, this is Mike again. The phenomena you just described is helping our 
SAFC business big time, which is drugs coming through to later stages and actually being launched. In terms of 
discovery, yeah, while the academic sector is a relatively small part of the company overall. If you pull SAFC out, 
where it's irrelevant, and you look at that the three research businesses, academia is a significantly larger chunk of the 
biotech market than it is of essentials or specialties. You know, again, this is a market that for several years was 
growing in the double digits, underlying growth, and today we think it is growing at 2 to 3-ish%, maybe four, if we're 
lucky. And so, that's what we were talking about. I still remind you this business grew 5%. It's healthy, it's profitable, 
and it's just our task to get it growing back to double digits again. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. And you talked about 7 to 9% growth in 2007 as you improve over 2006 but still not 
quite reach the 10% goal. What has to change in the industry for you to be able to reach that goal, I guess? The 
Democrats in Congress raising NIH funding. Is that kind of the hope? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: No, we just did a bit more than 5 on a currency-adjusted basis. We expect to see a similar result in 
the first quarter and we expect to see continued growth in the things that we are doing in the quarters to follow that, 
Dmitry, which we are saying will all come out to about 7 to 9% for the year. Count on that coming from us, not from 
market. 

. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. All right. Secondly, or thirdly, whatever I have lost track of how many questions I 
have asked already. Once again, we are starting out 2007 guidance with expectations of better than 30% tax rate. I think 
Kirk alluded to the fact that some things are moving around and changing in the tax law, whatever, that may impact 
that one way or the other. You have European countries, Netherlands, and a couple of others according to some of the 
other press releases that I have seen out there from companies lowering their taxes. Geographic mix is becoming more 
and more into the lower tax regions of Asia, in terms of your sales. Can we – is 30 to 31% guidance that you gave us, is 
that kind of a starting point and you will try to improve on that or is this the year where you are actually going to keep 
taxes about 30%? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Well, we'd always like to improve on that, but I think given the laws we know today, and yes, 
there are some countries where the rates have gone down, and we certainly look at our mix, that's still what we believe 
is realistic at this point, because if you look at the two pieces, say we were running about 27% for 2006, the export tax 
credit expired in the U.S. at the end of last year, that was worth a couple percent, and then we had audit advantages that 
were roughly the remainder of that that we don't expect to have in 2007. So while we'd like to think there may be new 
laws and give us the possibility to change that, we can't promise that today. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. Fair enough. And the last question on your margins, you guided for basically 
margins being in line with what you have delivered in 2006 for 2007, so not to look for much margin expansion there. 
I'd just like to understand the dynamic there a little bit better. You have gotten annual price increases of 2 to 3%, fairly 
consistently. You have got the Internet that continues to grow as a percentage of revenue, which is a lower way of you 
going to the market. You have $15 million in annual cost savings. What are the offsets on the cost side that will lead to 
margins being basically flattish year-over-year? I know that investment is a big part of your growth strategy, but a lot 
of – you have been investing probably a little bit ahead of the game for the last several years building SAFC business, 
building the biotech brand, is it realistic to think that at some point, even if it's 2007, your business model avails itself 
to some margin expansion? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Dmitry it's the same story that you have heard from us and that we have been delivering for the 
last several years, which is, two things. We consciously reinvest what we save in process improvement and things that 
we think will strengthen the base and increase our ability to accelerate the rate of growth in our sales. Jai alluded to a 
multimillion-dollar Internet upgrade that's coming this year. We have added more "white-coat" selling people. We have 
expanded our business development team who was out scouting and bringing us these great ideas and acquisition 
candidates like the one we announced two days ago successfully, and then again there's always the Roseanne 
Roseannadanna factor. There's always something. So whatever that turns out to be, we believe that a 21% plus pre-tax 
margin and a 20 ROE are great performance and a fair balance between thrilling our shareholders and delighting our 


customers. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: I don't disagree, I'm just looking for even more upside. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: I understand. That's fine, and we'd be happy to have it but it's not planned. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: All right. Thank you very much, gentlemen. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of John Sullivan with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: Hey, guys, good morning. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Good morning, John. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: And I look forward to seeing how the conference call transcript articulates Roseanne 
Roseannadanna. Can you just talk for a second about the – can you just estimate the portion of your business that 
comes away from healthcare and life sciences these days in the industrial sectors? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: This is Jai. As we have told you almost 78% [ph] of our business is one way or the other 
connected with life science, life science research, this includes big pharma, small pharma, biotech companies. So, a 
quarter of our business, 20 to 25% of our business would be non-life science related. That would go into the electronic 
industry, material science, and anything which is not life science. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: Okay. Thank you. And some of your competitors are seeing growth in areas like nucleic acid, 
forensics, things like that, is there any plan to move further into areas like that? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think, John, we are constantly looking at opportunities to see if we can take some of our 
products in other markets where there are applications, and certainly these are things that the business development 
folks will be looking at when they look at technologies as well. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: Okay. Thanks very much. And then last question, does Epichem in particular put you in front of 
customers that you weren't already in front of with SAFC Hitech, or is the customer overlap pretty complete? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Yeah. John, I mentioned earlier, and as we said in the press release, for example we get 
recognitions from some fairly high-powered people like Intel, as just one example, and Epichem has had relationships 
with a number of people in the semiconductor industry both in the U.S. and abroad. And these are customers that we 
probably did not have access to before. So, certainly with our chemical capabilities and their contacts certainly gives us 
the advantage. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: Thank you so much. 

Operator 

We do have a follow-up question from the line of Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: All my questions have been answered. Thank you. 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions]. Our next question is a follow-up from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Yes, just wanted to follow up on the Epichem acquisition in a little bit more detail. The 
business that you bought, can you give us an idea if this is more of a supplier into the research and development portion 
of the semiconductor market or is it more of a supplier into the production and actual commercial manufacturing of 
semiconductors, and also if you can give us an idea if – if this is a platform where you can push other revenues into it, 
or can it be used to bolt other acquisitions around? 


<A - Mike Hogan>: So with regard to – Dmitry, this is Mike. With regard to the former, it's an SAFC business. This is 
focused on the commercial end. Although, having said that, much of their work, and one of the reasons we were so 
interested in them is they have very innovative approaches to these customer-partner collaborations. I mean, that's 
clearly what's going on with Intel. And in terms of other business, we gave up long ago on pull-through as justification 
for making acquisitions. We'll let this one stand on its own. We suspect there are residual benefits, but we do believe 
that there is an opportunity for other bolt-ons to continue to build that Hitech business segment. You probably saw in 
the release that Barry Leese a very talented chemist who built this company from scratch to what it was has joined us as 
the Head of our Hitech unit, and we would have high expectations for his continued ability to grow that sector both 
organically and through additional acquisition. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. Thank you very much. 

Operator 

At this time, sir, there are no further questions. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Okay. Let me wrap up then, and thank everybody for their participation. Looking forward into 2007, we do expect to 
release results for the fourth quarter on April the 24th, and our next conference call is on April the 25th at 10 o'clock 
Central Time. Many of you are aware that we are holding a business review at our Life Science and High Technology 
Center here in St. Louis on March the 13th. So, we'll expect to see many of you at that event. For those of you that 
might be unable to attend, we are webcasting that event and we'll provide those details shortly. If you do have any 
questions about the event or haven't had the chance to register, you can call us at 314-286-8015 or contact us by our 
website. That concludes today's conference. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's Sigma-Aldrich Corporation fourth quarter earnings 
release conference call. This does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


