Q3 2010 Earnings Call 


Company Participants 

• Kirk Richter, Treasurer 
• Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President 
• Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Other Participants 

• Dan Leonard 
• Quintin Lai 
• John Roberts 
• Jon Groberg 
• Jonathan Groberg 
• Michael Sison 
• Tracy Marshbanks 
• Isaac Ro 
• Dmitry Silversteyn 
• Derik De Bruin 
• Paul Knight 
• Brandon Couillard 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning. My name is Elizabeth and I will be your conference operator today. Today's conference is being 
recorded. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Sigma-Aldrich Third Quarter 2010 Results Conference 
Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kirk Richter, Treasurer and Investor Relations contact. 
Please go ahead, sir. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Thank you, and also I'll add my good morning and welcome to the Sigma-Aldrich Third Quarter 2010 Earnings 
Conference Call. With me today are Jai Nagarkatti, our Chairman, President and CEO; and Rakesh Sachdev, our Senior 
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. 

After my introductory comments, Rakesh will review our third quarter 2010 performance and our outlook for all of 
2010. Jai will follow that with an update on the activities that contributed to our third quarter results and are expected to 
drive our performance for the final quarter of 2010 and in the future. After completing those reviews, we'll open up the 
call for your questions and comments. 

We will be using a slide presentation as part of today's call. That presentation can be viewed by accessing our Investor 
Relations Web site on sigmaaldrich.com 

Before we begin today's reviews, I do need to remind you that today's comments will include forward-looking 
statements about future activities, and our expectations for sales, earnings, cash flow and other possible future results. 


While we believe these expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, actual results may differ materially due to 
any number of factors, including the risk factors listed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 
31, 2009, and in the cautionary statement that is included in today's release, and in our slides. 

We have no plans to update these forward-looking statements after this conference. Also, we do provide information on 
non-GAAP financial measures that are covered in today's conference. That information, which consists of 
currency-adjusted sales growth, profit and EPS results on both an adjusted and reported basis, and free cash flow 
reconciled to net cash provided by operating activities is also contained in today's earnings release, which is posted on 
our Web site and in the appendix to today's presentation that begins with Slide 13. 

Now I'll ask Rakesh to begin our review. Rakesh? 

Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice 
President 

Thanks, Kirk, and good morning to all those who are attending the call today. Our third quarter sales were $563 
million, a reported increase of 5% over last year's third quarter. Our organic growth, excluding a currency impact, was 
7%, equivalent to our second quarter organic growth rate. Consistent year-over-year organic growth of about 5% in our 
Research business, and double-digit organic growth in our Fine Chemicals business contributed to our growth in the 
quarter. 

Our third quarter net income of $93 million is an 8% increase on a reported basis from last year's third quarter. Our 
reported diluted EPS for the third quarter was $0.76, an increase of 9% over last year. Excluding $0.02 of restructuring 
and $0.05 of impairment costs, adjusted diluted EPS was $0.83, a 19% increase over last year's third quarter. 

Currency had a positive impact of $0.04 on our third quarter earnings. With the recent improvement in exchange rates, 
currency is not likely to have a major impact on our fourth quarter diluted EPS. The $0.02 restructuring charge relates 
to the consolidation of some of our facilities, and a planned and previously announced workforce reduction. These 
restructuring actions are intended to increase the efficiencies of our operations, and lower our overall fixed-cost 
structure. We expect to record additional costs approximating $15 million related to these actions during the balance of 
2010 and 2011. We expect that the benefit of these restructuring actions when fully implemented should about $0.10 to 
our annual EPS. The $0.05 impairment cost relates to the reduction and the value of one of our long-term investments 
to reflect current market value. 

Finally, our free cash flow in the third quarter of $122 million was a 6% improvement over that achieved in last year's 
third quarter. Our sales for the first nine months of 2010 have grown organically by 6% and we have achieved adjusted 
net income and diluted EPS of 20% compared with last year. Our year-to-date free cash flow continued to be a record, 
increasing 21% over last year's first nine months. 

Now let's review our sales performance for the third quarter and for the first nine months of 2010 in more detail. All 
three of our Research businesses showed positive momentum in the third quarter. Led by our Analytical and Materials 
Science product groups that grew in double digits. The increase in analytical products comes from the environmental, 
food and beverage and biopharmaceutical sectors. Materials Science sales are benefiting from new product offerings as 
well as new and enhanced marketing efforts to promote this group of products. Consistent with the earlier quarters of 
2010, our organic growth was largely volume-driven as pricing contributed about 1% of the overall growth. Research 
product pricing is achieving the traditional 2% increase, but the year-to-date comparison with 2009 reflects the 2009 
benefit from higher pricing of acetronitrile due to reduced availability of that product last year. 

Our SAFC sales continued the double-digit growth in the third quarter. Sales of our high tech products to the 
semi-conductor and the LED industries have rebounded strongly compared to a weak 2009. Sales of industrial media to 
the biopharma industry have also continued to experience solid growth. While we expect SAFC sales in the fourth 
quarter to continue to be strong, the comparison to last year will be less favorable than earlier quarters as a result of 
strong sales of adjuvants for the H1N1 vaccine, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2009. 


Our reported overall operating margin for the third quarter improved by 60 basis points to 23.4% from 22.8% in last 
year's third quarter. Our reported operating margin for the nine months is up by 130 basis points from the 2009 level. 
Both periods were impacted by the restructuring and impairment costs that you see on our margin analysis. Excluding 
these special costs, our operating margins have improved by about 250 basis points for both the third quarter and the 
first nine months of 2010. 

The primary drivers for this operating improvement were increased volumes of higher-margin products, productivity 
improvement from our global supply chain initiatives, a currency benefit and a modest price contribution. While 
providing a small improvement for the first nine months of 2010, our SG&A expense for Q3 reflects an increase in 
incentive planned cost driven by both our improved performance as well as a higher stock price. 

Our free cash flow for the first nine months of 2010 continued to show significant improvement over the prior year, 
building on the gains realized on the first half of 2010. The $332 million of free cash flow achieved so far this year is a 
21% improvement over what we achieved in 2009. Our improved net income was the single largest contributor. 

While our capital expenditures in 2010 are below 2009 levels for the first nine months, we do expect to have higher 
expenditures in the final quarter of 2010, as capital associated with consolidating our facilities as part of our 
restructuring effort is expected to increase. Additionally, we are beginning the expansion of our facilities in China to 
add quality control and packaging capacity in that country, and have broken ground in India to expand distribution and 
add packaging capacity for the local markets. We expect capital expenditure of between $105 million and $115 million 
for all of 2010. 

As a result of the strong fourth-quarter sales driven by sales of H1N1 flu vaccine products, we expect our fourth quarter 
2010 organic growth rates to be lower than the previous quarters. But we continue to expect mid single-digit organic 
sales growth for the full year of 2010, unchanged from our earlier forecast. 

Our addressable markets overall are not expected to change much in the final quarter of 2010, and overall market 
growth for the year is still expected to be in the low single digits. You will hear more from Jai on the product, 
geographic and go-to-market initiatives that are driving our sales growth. At current rates, currency will likely be a 
neutral factor in our fourth quarter sales growth. 

I'm pleased to say that we have increased our diluted adjusted EPS guidance for the full year to a new range of $3.20 to 
$3.28. We have raised our outlook as a result of stronger sales and earnings performance in the third quarter, and a 
more favorable currency environment, partially offset by higher SG&A costs. At current exchange rates, currency is 
not expected to be a significant factor in the final quarter of 2010. This outlook excludes the impact of any restructuring 
and impairment costs. 

We believe that our effective tax rate for all of 2010 will be approximately 30%. This excludes any benefit from U.S. 
R&D tax credits that may be retroactively reinstated in the fourth quarter of the year, and which could add about $0.02 
to our otherwise reportable diluted EPS, if that benefit is calculated consistently with the 2009 credit. We have also 
increased our free cash flow guidance for all of 2010 by $10 million to in excess of $360 million, reflecting improved 
operating performance, and a slighter lower level of planned capital expenditures. 

Now I'll ask Jai to comment on our third quarter activities and our 2010 forecast. Jai? 

Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Thank you, Rakesh, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased with the continuation into the third quarter of the 
strong performance we achieved in the first half of 2010. Consistent with our second quarter performance, we delivered 
another 7% increase in organic sales. A stronger U.S. dollar reduced debt growth to 5% on a reported basis. We are 
also pleased that, once again, all of our business units and geographic regions contributed to this growth. 

Our Research businesses achieved 5% organic growth, comparable to that realized in our second quarter. And our 
SAFC business showed a 14% gain in organic sales as overall demand improved. The debt growth tempered slightly by 


a stronger comparable in 2009's third quarter, as sales of vaccine additives for the H1N1 were beginning to ramp up in 
that quarter. We saw continued strength from our industrial accounts and diagnostic customers and our sales to the 
academic sector continued to show growth just as it did earlier this year and throughout last year. 

As I previously reported, we launched some new strategic initiatives at the beginning of this year. We continue to be 
pleased with the positive impact we have seen from many of these initiatives. There are many individual activities that 
support our overall growth expectations and we continue to add activities to that in the third quarter. Let me give you a 
few examples. In the Life Science area we continued to add to our capabilities. We now have a five-year agreement 
with the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute of the National Institute of Health to develop methods to measure 
biomarkers for our arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 

Here we plan to investigate 180 potential biomarkers for this cardiovascular disease and then develop antibody reagents 
for each target biomarker. The overall objective of this project is to facilitate the development of diagnostic tools for 
the early detection and prevention of this disease and therapies for early treatment. 

We now have a joint agreement with SwitchGear Genomics to use our lentiviral technology to develop and distribute a 
novel microRNA target reporter system. This is expected to enable researchers to investigate a variety of biological 
pathways in an attempt to help further fundamental understanding of gene regulation. We now offer a pioneering range 
of mammalian cell lines developed using our proprietary CompoZr Zinc Finger Nuclease technology, designed to 
advance colorectal and breast cancer research, enabling scientists to generate precisely controlled additions, deletions 
and modifications to the genome of living cells. 

We have entered a multi-year agreement with the Medical Research Council, one of United Kingdom's seven research 
councils, to supply synthetic oligonucleotides, expanding on a prior contract we had with them. We now have several 
rat models developed using the Zinc Finger Nuclease technology that are ready for shipment for studies in 
neuroscience, ADME-Tox, immunodeficiency and oncology. 

To support the growth of our SAFC business, we recently completed a 50,000 square foot addition to a facility in Israel 
to expand our contract manufacturing capabilities for large molecule recombinant proteins, and small molecule active 
pharmaceutical ingredients using fermentation technology. 

In the high-tech area, we continued to expand our capabilities to help customers address the efficiency and cost of solar 
energy systems now viewed as a barrier to the mass market adoption of solar power. 

These are just a few examples of our commitment to enabling research and manufacturing that helps improve the 
quality of life. 

Let me now update you now on our progress on the strategic initiatives we launched at the beginning of this year. We 
expect these initiatives to drive our longer-term annual top line growth rate to a rate of 3% to 4% above the market rate 
over the next five years. While we believe that current market growth is more likely in the low single digits, that's an 
improvement on what we saw throughout most of 2009. So we believe that our organic growth of 6% for the first three 
quarters of 2010 is certainly faster than the market growth. 

As I have reported previously, our long-term organic growth goals are built on accelerating growth through innovation 
in areas of analytical, biology and chemistry of materials, expanding our presence and footprint in emerging markets, 
putting greater emphasis on eCommerce and leveraging our unique manufacturing capabilities in SAFC. 

For the first nine months of the year, our organic sales growth in targeted areas of innovation ranged from 2% to 14%. 
Our performance in Analytical and Materials Science exceeded our expectations in the third quarter. In the biotech 
area, we continued to add new products as well as enhance our approach through various sales channels. We expect 
continued growth from the new Life Science product initiatives that I mentioned earlier. 

We also sent out nearly half a million copies of the new Sigma Life Science catalogue in September fully expecting this 
useful reference tool to help provide some of the gains we are looking for. We are also particularly pleased that two of 
the scientists that we have collaborated for many, many years were recently recognized with the Nobel Prize. I'd like to 
congratulate Professor Ei-ichi Negishi of Purdue University and Akira Suzuki of Hokkaido University on their 


selection to receive this prestigious award. 

Geographically, we have seen good growth in both North America and the combined Asia-Pacific, Latin America 
markets. For Europe, after a slow start in the first quarter and a modest uptick in organic growth to 5% in the second 
quarter, the weak organic growth in the third quarter again reflects the impact of the general economy in that region. 

In the Asia-Pacific and Latin American markets, we had the third-quarter reported growth of 24%, with organic growth 
of 18%. This is a strong improvement on the 13% organic growth rate in the first half of the year. In our focus markets 
of China, India and Brazil, combined third-quarter organic growth was a strong 28%. And as Rakesh already told you, 
we are expanding our facilities in China and recently broke ground to expand our warehouse capability and add local 
packaging to address the opportunities in the Indian market. 

Rakesh had also told you about some of the product contributions for our strong third-quarter performance in SAFC. 
On top of that, we are pleased to see the continuation of a strong indicator of future growth for SAFC in our booked 
orders for future delivery. We delivered a fair amount of what was booked at June 30th in the third quarter, yet booked 
orders at the end of the third quarter remained consistent with the levels at June 30th and are 4% higher than they were 
at the end of December last year. And in September, we had rolled out a new marketing campaign for SAFC that 
focuses on improving our customer relationship by highlighting our problem-solving approach to customers' needs that 
combines innovation, our ability to work with customers on streamlining their manufacturing processes, our 
distribution strength, sourcing capabilities and flexibility. So stay tuned for future updates on this potential for this 
business. 

Sales through our eCommerce channel continued to grow. For the third quarter of 2010, these sales represented 49% of 
our Research sales, a new quarterly record. These sales were 48% of our total Research sales for the second quarter of 
2010 and 45% for all of 2009. And we had almost 10 million visits to our Web site in the third quarter, an 18% increase 
over the prior-year level. We attribute this to continued improvements to our site that makes it more user-friendly, to 
improved response times and easier navigation. Clearly, we are transforming our market approach to benefit 
web-enabled companies from a catalog company with a Web site. 

Let me wrap up our comments with just a few observations on our forecast for 2010. We retained our full-year forecast 
from mid single-digit organic sales growth. Currency isn't expected to be much of a factor for sales growth in the fourth 
quarter. We plan to continue funding the initiatives that are expected to drive future growth at about market rates, while 
at the same time working to offset some of that cost impact at the earnings per share line with operating improvements. 
That should enable us to report diluted adjusted EPS of a full year in our new range of $3.20 to $3.28, excluded within 
restructuring or impairment costs. 

We have increased our free cash flow expectations for 2010 to an amount in excess of $360 million. I look forward to 
updating you on our progress at our next conference call in February, when we announce our full-year 2010 results. 

I want to thank you for your ongoing interest in our company. We are focused on enabling science to improve the 
quality of life, and on improving our performance at both the top and bottom line, through our activities and product 
innovation, geographic expansion, new eCommerce capabilities and our cost management activities. 

On behalf of Rakesh, Kirk and all our colleagues around the world, I want to thank you for joining us this morning. 
Now let's open up the call for your comments and questions. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Dan Leonard with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Thank you. Good morning. 

<A - Kirk Richter, Treasurer>: Morning, Dan. 


<Q - Dan Leonard>: I guess two questions. The first one, on the Analytical business. That was strong yet again, and 
you mentioned it even exceeded your expectations. So could you comment around the sources of strength? Is it that the 
market is growing faster than you thought? Or are you taking more share? Or is there something else going on? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, Dan; this is Jai, a good question. I 
think we have added some exciting new products in terms of columns which have the capabilities to do separations 
much more effectively, using less solvents for example. We have expanded the line of standards that we add, so a 
number of initiatives, it's not just one or two things. But we certainly are taking market in areas that we probably in the 
past didn't have that share. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay, that's helpful. And then my second question. Jai, you mentioned that Europe is still 
sluggish in the third quarter with only 1% organic growth. Is that true across all of your end markets in Europe or is the 
sluggishness really focused on one or two end markets? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: I think, Dan; I think overall if you take 
the – the statement that I made applies to all of Europe. But if you dissect the sales within Europe, our Research 
business in the third quarter didn't do that bad. It was still in the middle – low mid-single digits. Where we are seeing 
weakness in Europe is particularly the Pharma sector of SAFC. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on the nice quarter. 

<A - Kirk Richter, Treasurer>: Hi, Quintin. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Just a quick follow-up off of Dan's question. The drop-off on SAFC Europe, is there a 
corresponding pickup in Asia then or is it just – there's just a slowdown in that small sector? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Quintin, the 
SAFC business in Asia, really the high tech business is a big component as you know. Most of the semiconductor 
manufacturers and LED manufacturers are there, so a big part of the strength on the high tech sector of SAFC is 
coming in the international markets. Jai spoke about some weakness in the custom Pharma business in Europe, that 
doesn't make a big part of our business in Asia but it's a growing piece of our business. So longer term, I think there 
would be an offset. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Okay. And then the LED, the semiconductor and now the solar panel work, really nice pickup. I 
guess how are you looking at that sector? You've been expanding your capacity; do you feel comfortable where you're 
at now or do you think that there is still more room to add capacity in these areas? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: I think right 
now in terms of production capacity, Quintin, we have adequate capacity in the U.S. to meet U.S. demand; we certainly 
have adequate capacity in Europe to meet European demand; but we know that we will need capacity in the 
Asia-Pacific region and we are planning to do that. So the demand in the Asia-Pacific region for these products is 
growing faster and we believe the technologies and the capabilities that we have, coupled with the new capacity that we 
will add, will enable us to take market for many more years to come. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: All right. And then finally, one of the things that has kind of surfaced here over the last few 
months has been concerns over longer term academic funding both in the U.S. and in Europe. Through your customers 
and conversations that you've had, do you feel like there's a change or an optimism or pessimism in terms of the long 
term funding environment? 


<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Like many, we 
are also watching these macroeconomic trends very, very carefully but we can only go with what we see with our 
current business activity. And, Quintin, even though there is a lot of noise and concerns, what we are seeing now is I 
think the volume continues to be strong. So I can't predict what is going to happen in the future but I think we are 
optimistic because of the way in which we are adding new products and we're simply glad to take share in a market 
which may not be growing. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from John Roberts with Buckingham Research. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. 

<A - Kirk Richter, Treasurer>: Thanks, John. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Morning, John. 

<Q - John Roberts>: You commented on the currency effects on revenues. I didn't recall hearing you comment on the 
currency effects on earnings. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: We expect 
currency effects on earnings also in the fourth quarter to be fairly neutral. 

<Q - John Roberts>: So there's no lag effect on – we've had a lot of volatility in currency and I thought on the cost of 
goods line there's a lag effect that comes through. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah, I think 
what's happened is if you look back to previous quarters you'll see we had the biggest benefit in the first quarter and 
that's because in the fourth quarter of last year the euro and some of the non U.S. currencies were fairly strong. So we 
picked up. We had a significant benefit and that has been gradually coming down. So it came down in Q2. It was 
slightly down in Q3. And in Q4, I think because if you notice the average euro over the last four months has been in the 
middle 120s is going to catch up. So we expect that if the rates stay even where they are today, in Q4 we should be 
fairly neutral. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: But we 
shouldn't see the kind of pickup that we have in the previous quarters. 

<Q - John Roberts>: And then secondly, on the web-based sales, the global average is 49%. Could you break that out 

U.S. versus International, because the U.S. is much higher I believe than International? 
<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah, so that's 
correct, I don't have the exact numbers. The U.S. is higher than the average, but even when you look at the international 
markets, there's diversity in the international markets. In some of our Asian markets, it's also very high, but we are 
going through a translation process in countries like Japan and other places, which I think will boost that up over the 
coming few quarters, so I think we still see that trend. Clearly, we have benefited quite significantly over the last 
couple of years. I think it's tapering off a little bit, but we continue to see a trend of growth in the eCommerce channel. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. And then lastly, I think you've previously said so far it's had no margin impact on the 
business, that the sort of cost of maintaining the catalogs and developing the web is kind of all rolled together. And is 
there a tipping point at which point that e-business percentage gets high enough that you start discontinuing, dropping 
catalogs? And that there will be some reduced costs while we're focusing on eCommerce and down-phasing catalogs? 


<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, this is Jai. I think, looking ahead, I 
can tell you that I think that, when I visit customers, even though more and more of our customers prefer and reach us 
through eCommerce channels, they don't let go of the catalog and the print material, so we don't have any plans to 
reduce the number of catalogs that we print. On the contrary, we probably will increase it, because the catalogs are used 
as reference standards. 

Having said that, you know, in the web, to attract and make sure more and more of our customers also use the website, 
there is significant investment because the web architecture needs to be constantly reviewed, and we need to enhance 
both content and functionality. So one theoretically expects that there could be an offsetting benefit, but what we are 
saying is, we need to continue to invest for the long haul. 

<Q - John Roberts>: This is kind of like the school systems where they still have to use books even though the kids all 
have computers, and people are buying Kindles. We just can't get rid of the written product. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yep, yep. 

<Q - John Roberts>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question will come from Jon Groberg with Macquarie. 

<Q - Jon Groberg>: Hi, thanks a million for taking the questions. Can you just – again, just to clarify on the FX, 
because I think in the last quarter you did say that it was kind of a four-month lag. So would you expect, given where 
currencies are today, if they stayed flat as you move into '11, would currency begin to be a little bit negative on the 
earnings? Or you're saying the way all the different currencies have moved that you just kind of expect, at current rates, 
that in the future that it's not going to have a material impact? I'm just trying to clarify. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Well it's hard 
to predict where the currencies are going to go, and where the dollar is going to be next year, and we'll certainly try and 
give you further guidance when we come out at the end of the year. But I would say if the euro stays, and I think it's 
probably in the high 130s now – the first thing I would say is we have a lot of different cross-currency pairs. It's not just 
the euro. So we have a significant business in Japan. We've got business in the U.K. in pounds, in Korean won, so it's a 
little more complex than just looking at one currency pair. So I think – but having said that, I think if it stays kind of 
where we are, I would not expect currency to be a major issue next year, but we'll certainly try and give you more 
guidance when we come out and give you full-year guidance for next year. 

<Q - Jonathan Groberg>: Okay. That's helpful. And then, if I look at gross margins, again, you're hitting kind of near 
some of your highest gross margins ever. You mentioned a few of the reasons why it was. Was it mix? I mean, my 
understanding was that, historically, research products have higher gross margin than SAFC, though at the operating 
margin line, there aren't big differences. Maybe one, am I just remembering that correctly? And two, if so, maybe just 
kind of dig in a little bit deeper into the strength of the gross margins? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah, that's a 
good question. I think if we look at the two big drivers that are helping us on the gross margin, one is our international 
sales are growing, are contributing quite a bit to our growth, as you saw. As Jai said, we've been growing close to 20%, 
and our International margins are actually not shabby. They're pretty good. In fact, they're better than average, and so 
when our international sales grow, we have an expansion of margin, so that's a good thing. 

I think the second thing is our SAFC business. It's a high fixed-cost business, so the contribution margin on the SAFC 
is very good, so every time we add sales on the SAFC business, unless we were going to just increase, we get to a point 
where we have to add a lot of fixed cost, which we are not there right now. All that is helping us. So I think the 
combined method of where the sales are coming, and both Research as well as SAFC is helping us, and has helped us 
all throughout this year. 


<Q - Jonathan Groberg>: Okay, that's helpful. And then last question. Can you maybe just – is there something we 
should be expecting in the fourth quarter from a free cash flow standpoint? I mean you're guiding the 360, but you've 
already done 332 million for the year. I know you mentioned a little step-up in CapEx, but even that doesn't seem to 
quite account for that. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: We stepped up 
in CapEx. We have got some tax payments that are scheduled for Q4 that are going to roll in from Q3 that we didn't 
pay. So it's just a combination of some cash tax payments. It's additional CapEx, and I think it maybe – it's sort of doing 
some easing on working capital, because as we've been growing we want to make sure our service levels remain very, 
very high with our customers. So we just – we may do better than what we have said, but there are some reasons why 
we said what we did. 

<Q - Jonathan Groberg>: That was very helpful. Thanks. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from Mike Sison with Key Bank. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Hey, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter. 

<A - Kirk Richter, Treasurer>: Hi, Mike. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: In terms of market growth, can you give us a feel? You said low single-digits. Is the capital 
regions like double-digits in Europe and the U.S. flattish, or slightly up? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yes, I think if 
you look at kind of what we have done is our SAFC business has been in double-digits, our International business has 
been in double-digits, strong double-digits, and our Research business in the U.S. and Europe have been in the mid 
single-digits and kind of that's how it has been playing out. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Okay. And then in SAFC is.... 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Sorry, Mike, 
you were asking about the market? 

<Q - Michael Sison>: The markets. The markets, I'm sorry, yeah. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah. Jai, you 
want to just... 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Mike, I think the markets really are 
mimicking what we are calling. I think we are seeing strong growth in the market in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, 
and certainly Europe and the U.S. have low single-digits. In fact, for pharma in Europe I would even project that it – 
they're probably even negative. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Okay. Then, the follow-up. For SAFC in total, it sounds like biopharma, supply solutions and 
high-tech are continuing to do really well. Any comments on SAFC pharma? Has there been any improvement? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah, let me 
comment on that. I think when we looked at SAFC pharma by region also in the third quarter, in the U.S we didn't do 
that badly. I think it was actually even though we don't share with you about the regions, the growth in SAFC in the 

U.S. there was growth. Where we saw a real significant impact, negative impact, was in Europe. And in Asia-Pacific 
pharma is not that big to make a material difference. And then also remember, last year we had a benefit of the H1N1 
that was beginning to ramp up into September, so we had some impact on the comparables to go with that. And you'll 
see more of that impact in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Gotcha. Then research biotech, it's holding its own, but it seems to me it's a little bit less than 
what you had hoped in terms of your goals. Is there any reason why that's lagged a little bit, any particular area that you 
need to focus on to sort of get that too? As I recall your goals are high single-digit growth for that business? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Mike, 
obviously we strive for better performance here and are making investments in key and faster growth areas where we 
have a competitive advantage. Product life cycles in this unit tend to be shorter then the normal tools in other 
disciplines. And secondly, adoption of new technologies tends to be also a little slower. So we are confident that this 
quarter is not really reflective of what we expect our long-term growth opportunities for this business unit. We have 
several promising projects like the new mammalian cell lines ready for launch in November; over two dozen new 
animal models that we have already built; and the demand for our Zinc Finger Nucleases bought off the shelf; and the 
custom projects continue to grow very rapidly in all regions of the world. 

Research biotech is a longer-term play and not to be judged by performance in one or two quarters. I am not too 
concerned at this point. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Okay, great. And then last question, are you hearing anything from customers across the border, 
out of pharma, academic biotech, in terms of heading into '11? Anything that they're concerned about or are they maybe 
a little more positive and is the market just going to stay sort of in this level heading into '11, or anything that would 
make that change? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Mike, 
obviously nobody is really jumping up and down excited saying that the markets are going to change rapidly. I think 
the sense I get is everybody is wait and watch type of an approach. Their behavior certainly has not changed. In fact, if 
I have to put my odds, then it would probably be like what we are seeing in the last two quarters, I think a continuation 
of that in 2011. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Great, thank you. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Tracy Marshbanks with First Analysis. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: Good morning, guys. 

<A - Kirk Richter, Treasurer>: Hi, Tracy. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Good morning. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: Follow-up question on an earlier one, just to clarify. When you were talking about the 
positive mix impact from SAFC and International, were you referring just to gross margin or are those businesses 
having a positive mix impact at the operating margin line? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Well clearly, 
when you have a favorable impact on gross margin, it also has in operating margins. Our operating costs, as you would 
expect, in the international markets are not as high either compared to the developed world so more of that flows to the 
bottom line clearly, when you talk about International. And as I said in the SAFC case, this is largely a fixed-cost 
business. We have the infrastructure in place. We made several investments over the last couple of years. We built a 
couple of new plants in the U.S. and one in Europe and we have the infrastructure in place, we have the people in place. 
And so the gross margin certainly, when it goes to the gross margin, it helps us and goes right to the operating margin. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: Great. A few questions on CapEx, you modestly lowered it. Is that things you're not doing? 
Things you're doing more efficiently or just things being pushed out? 


<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: No. It's not that 
things we just had planned to do that we are not doing. It's just sometimes just the capacity to do all that. We are still 
doing it. Some of that may flow into next year from a cash standpoint. Remember that is has to cash flow if we 
recognize that capital. No. So we're very much on track. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: And can you give me some idea of the breakdown? Obviously, you're investing for growth 
in other geographies. Saying your 2010 capital budget, what does that look like sort of? What are you spending on the 
restructuring you talked about versus maintenance versus really investing for growth? What does that profile look like? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Typically, 
when you look at, if we're spending about $115 million, we'll spend about 40 or 45 million or what we refer to as non 
major investments, these are just running our operations. And then we have another 65 or 70 million that we'll typically 
spend on what we call our major initiatives that are either focused on adding capacity or introducing new products, or 
sometimes even to sort of take costs out. 

And this year, frankly, we announced some restructuring at the end of last year, and as part of the restructuring, we are 
doing some consolidations. So we are preparing some of our facilities to take on. As we shut some facilities down, we 
have to move stuff. So we have to use that as an opportunity to add more efficient equipment. So some of that is 
happening this year as well. So roughly, I would say that's the kind of split between running the day-to-day business 
and kind of where we put for future growth and capacity expansion. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: And the majority of your growth capital is going into the emerging international markets? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: No. No. That's 
not the case. Not a majority. I think it's a growing piece. Clearly, we've started off with China and India, but we also 
have capital as I said that's associated both in Europe as well as in the U.S. on several projects. 

<Q - Tracy Marshbanks>: Okay. Thank you. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just first off, if you could maybe touch on the 
BRIC nations. I'm interested in maybe understanding better the nature of the growth you're seeing there. And 
specifically the extent to which your growth is driven by new customers versus growth in maybe a same sort of sales 
basis? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Well I'll defer 
to Jai. He just came back from China just last week, and I know he has a lot to say about it, yeah. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Yeah, Isaac, I think as Rakesh said, I 
recently came back from China where we are expanding our presence. What I see is China is reflective of what the big 
nations reflect. I can see continued growth opportunities in these markets, not only doing contract work for large 
pharma from Europe and the U.S., but investments in their own research projects, research projects which support the 
global initiatives. 

For example, in China there's a lot of research going on in plant agriculture. And similarly, in Korea we see a lot of 
investment going in research related to semi-conductor, solar panel, material science applications. So I think what 
started off a few years back in these economies as contract work, either CMO or CRO type of work, certainly the 
profile of activity is shifting. In addition to that, we see continued investments in the local economy and this is all good 
for us because I think that, that gives us the opportunities to expand and serve these applications there as well. 


<Q - Isaac Ro>: Great. Thanks very much. And then just sort of if I get a little more granular, Rakesh, on the numbers. 
I mean, have you guys ever talked about kind of the growth that you get from new customers versus the actual existing 
customers? I was just looking to quantify the growth between the two dynamics there? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah. We 
haven't. We normally sort of have talked about growth coming from new products, but we haven't really shared that. 
But we'll try and bring that information maybe at the next call. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Yeah. That would be great. And then just very lastly if I could ask a follow-up one on SAGE Labs. 
Just wondering how that's being received and if you've had any notable progress with drug companies that are starting 
to use those products in the knock-out rats? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Okay. Isaac, 
it's early days. I think there's a lot of excitement because I think as you know, there's a lot of specific rat models are not 
really available at this point. So I think that there is demand, that we need to work out the logistics of how do we get 
these into the markets. So just stay tuned. 

<Q - Isaac Ro>: Great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

And from Longbow Research, Dmitry Silversteyn has our next question. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Good morning, guys, and congratulations on a good quarter. Couple of questions, excuse 
me. When you talked about growth in SAFC, you talked about new marketing initiatives driving sales there, along with 
the Internet. In terms of spending on SAFC and making yourself more visible and continuing to drive those sales that 
you said you were going to do, can you give us an idea of how much of an investment you're talking about? And also 
what does it mean? Is it more print media advertising or participation at various expos and conferences? I mean, how 
do you – what channels are you going to use to increase the visibility of the capabilities that you have within SAFC? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah. First of 
all, I think we don't want people to believe that the eCommerce channel is used for SAFC. I think the eCommerce 
channel is largely used for our Research business. But with SAFC, we have program management that we do with 
customers who are using our products for manufacturing. We recently launched off a new SAFC branding position, 
which we launched that in the Paris show a couple of weeks ago, which has been very well received. 

But we have made investments in SAFC primarily in our unique manufacturing capabilities. What we bring, the value 
we bring in SAFC is very, very unique manufacturing. So, for instance, we manufacture APIs, but we do not 
manufacture genetic APIs, and we manufacture very hard-to-handle and high-potency products, and those are all well 
received by customers. They are looking for vendors who can supply that. 

We've already made a lot of investment. I think we have said, over the last couple of years. A lot of our CapEx did go 
to create a new facility in Madison. We created a new viral manufacturing facility in Carlsbad, California. We 
expanded our fermentation capability in Israel. 

So a lot of that is already in place, and now what we are doing is making sure the customers know our capability, and 
we are working with them, whether it's on the Pharma business or on the Bioscience business where we sell industrial 
media, so I think we're well-positioned for growth. 

And Jai said, on the high-tech side we've been growing. We are already planning on adding capacity in Asia, and we 
will ride on the coat tails of some of the positive trends in Asia, such as LED. So I think we're well positioned. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. All right. Are you seeing the pharmaceutical customer base, excluding what's going 
on in Europe, continuing to spend and focus on later-stage products? Or are you seeing them kind of refocusing their 
efforts on the early-stage products? And perhaps playing more into the strengths of your SAFC manufacturing base? 


<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: I think it's a 
combination, though, Dmitry. I think as their projects grow through their pipelines, certainly if we are in the early 
stages, we tend to benefit. Certainly, the part of the growth in the SAFC Pharma in the U.S. can be attributed to that. 

Now in terms of new projects, new inquiries, I think we don't see the same level. To maybe measure SAFC's projects – 
the number of projects, the hit rate, and the port-to-hit conversion, so it's a mixed bag. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. All right. You mentioned high-tech and the importance of that to growth in SAFC. 
Can you update us on what percentage of your sales are now coming from high-tech markets, either for the company 
overall or specifically for SAFC? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yes. I think 
basically what we told you earlier, SAFC, a quick way and an easy way to remember is 30% of our business overall is 
SAFC. Of that, a big portion, 40%, is supply solutions. The remaining 60% you can easily say 20/20/20 has been 
biosciences, pharma and hi-tech, so you can figure it out. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. And on the Research side, your hi-tech contribution isn't – or your hi-tech 
proportion isn't as great? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Industrial 
customers, most of my industrial customers account for a third of our business. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. But that includes like chemicals and allied industries kind of deals. 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: That is correct. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. All right. And then one final question. If you just look at your guidance versus what 
you've already done through the first nine months of this year, it looks like it's flat to down versus the fourth quarter of 
last year now. There was a big bump from the H1N1 vaccine in the fourth quarter of last year and kind of the pent up 
spending through the year that's finally got flushed out. Can you give us other deltas year-over-year that would cause 
you to report earnings down year-over-year since revenue seems to be – you're guiding it least to be up. Are you 
looking for material compression in operating margins and if so, what would be driving that? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yeah. No, 
we're not looking for the quarter to be down. Let me just give you some thoughts on Q4. Last year, we did about $0.80. 
Now if you go back, you would see that last year our effective tax rate was quite a bit lower. We had I think about 26% 
and we had some one-time tax credits and that amounted about $0.04. So really last year if you took out the tax benefit 
we got, we would of done $0.76. 

Now we expect to get an EPS benefit from higher volumes and operational improvements in Q4 of this year versus last 
year; no question about it. I expect that we'll get about $0.05 or $0.06 at least from that, but we do have some higher 
SG&A and R&D spending that we are kicking off in Q4. Some of that is just the variable compensation that might 
offset part of that entry in one of them. So that's what we're saying. We're on track. If you look at versus the normalized 
Q4 of last year, we have the operational improvements and the volume impact that'll add to that. Of course, we have a 
little additional SG&A spending that will partially offset that. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. If you exclude, though, the $0.04 contribution from tax rate, then the midpoint of 
your guidance basically implies a flat year-over-year quarter in terms of EPS? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Well what 
we're saying is we are going to get a benefit from volumes and operational improvements but we have some additional 
SG&A spending that we're going to either expend or accrue in this coming quarter, so that's what we are saying. The 
fundamental business is going to continue to show an improvement. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. All right. Thank you. 


<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Okay. 

Operator 

Our next question comes from Derik De Bruin with UBS. 

<Q - Derik De Bruin>: Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from Paul Knight with CLSA. 

<Q - Paul Knight>: Hi. Could you talk about Zinc Finger? And do you think it's really a significant part of organic 
growth right now? Could you quantify it? Is it 100 bips? Is it just starting? And what do you want it to be? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: Okay, Paul. This is Jai. The Zinc Finger is 
really still early days. Exciting technology, great demand and interest, and that's all we can say about it. And we are 
leveraging that capability in many other areas, like making new cell lines that could also be product that we would sell. 
We would probably use those Zinc Fingers to also make custom animal models. 

So I think this has got tremendous potential in addition to just selling them as kits for people to do their own gene 
editing and manipulation. So today, it's the first full year of launch. A very good promise. We are seeing it in all 
geographies, and just we are as excited as anybody else. So just you'll have to wait for how things develop in all of 
these areas. 

<Q - Paul Knight>: Do you think it's the best insertion technology in the market? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer>: We believe so. Absolutely. 

<Q - Paul Knight>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

We'll now hear from Jon Wood with Jefferies. 

<Q - Brandon Couillard>: Hi. Thanks. This is Brandon Couillard in for Jon. Could you give us a sense, give us an 
update on your capital deployment priorities, given you exited the third quarter with a modest net cash position? And 
can you give us a sense of what you're seeing from an M&A perspective after a long freeze on that front? 

<A - Rakesh Sachdev, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and Vice President>: Yes. I think on 
the capital, I just made a few comments on an earlier question. But clearly, as I said, if you look at the way we allocate 
our capital, typically if you're spending about $115 million, we have spent about 45 or so in just running our business, 
sort of maintenance capital. And then we have capital that we spend to really fuel growth, either by adding new 
products or adding capacity. 

We are also doing quite a bit of work on revamping our eCommerce engine. That requires some capital dollars. As I 
said, we're doing some restructuring. We're consolidating sites, and so we are taking the advantage as we shut some 
sites down where we are putting in new capital to absorb the business. And so it's really a combination of many, many 
things. We don't have any one big thing that sticks out in – but several things, so that's how we go about it. 

On the M&A front, as we have said in our previous calls, clearly our intent is to actively look at M&A opportunities 
and we have, I think, a fairly robust pipeline. Our preference is clearly to look at bolt-on acquisitions and we will 
continue to do that. We are very mindful that as a company we are generating very good cash and we have the ability to 
make these acquisitions and we are clearly on that path. So just stay tuned and we'll let you know. 


<Q - Brandon Couillard>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

And with no further questions, I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Well, we certainly want to thank everybody for joining us today. Looking forward, we expect to release results for the 
fourth quarter of 2010 before the market opens on February the 9th, 2011 and we'll follow that with a conference call 
that same day at 10 o'clock in the morning, Central Time. That concludes today's conference. 

Operator 

Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's call and we thank you for your participation. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 

© COPYRIGHT 2013, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


