Q3 2006 Earnings Call 


Participants 

• Kirk Richter, Treasurer 
• Mike Hogan, Chief Administrative Officer, CFO & Secretary 
• Jai Nagarkatti, President and CEO 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION SECTION 

Operator 

Good morning, my name is Lilliane and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome 
everyone to the Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any 
background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask a 
question during this time, simply press star and then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to 
withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you 

I will now turn the call over to Mr. Kirk Richter. Sir, you may begin your conference. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Thank you and good morning to all of you and we certainly welcome you to the Sigma-Aldrich third quarter earnings 
conference call. With me today are Jai Nagarkatti, our CEO and President; and Mike Hogan, our Chief Administrative, 
and Chief Financial Officer. 

In today's call, I will begin with a brief review of our third quarter performance followed by Mike with comments on 
our sales and EPS guidance for 2006. Jai will wrap up with our perspective on market conditions and a recap of the 
activities we've incorporated into our five key growth initiatives to respond to those conditions. And then, we'll open up 
the call for your questions and comments. 

Before beginning, I do need to remind you that today's review will include forward-looking statements about future 
activities and our expectations for sales, earnings and other possible future results. We believe that these expectations 
are based on reasonable assumptions, but actual results may differ materially due to any number of factors, including 
those listed in management's discussion and analysis section of our 2005 annual report and in the cautionary statement 
in yesterday's release. 

We have no plans to update these forward-looking statements after this conference. Also, SEC regulations require us to 
provide any information on any non-GAAP financial measures covered in today's conference. That information, which 
consists of currency and acquisition adjusted sales growth and profit and EPS results on both a pro forma and reported 
basis, is also contained in yesterday's earnings release, which is now posted on our website. 

Now let's turn to our third quarter results. As reported in yesterday's release, third quarter sales grew at 7.1%. This 
growth included a currency benefit of 1.9 percentage points. We expected to benefit as the US dollar weakened after 
three prior consecutive quarters of reducing otherwise reportable organic growth. 

Our Q3 organic growth was 5.2%, very much in line with the 5.5% reported for the first half of this year. And if you 
add back the roughly 1.6% impact from one last billing day in Q3 that we'd noted in yesterday's release, our true 
comparable growth for the quarter is more on the order of 6.8%, which is a better base against which to judge our 
future growth expectations. 


While we expected a slightly better result in organic sales growth, we're pleased that our growth rebounded during the 
third quarter. Overall, we believe we continued to make strong progress on each of our five strategic growth initiatives, 
which will be the ultimate drivers of our long term success. 

Let's review our progress on the three initiatives most directly tied to growth and organic sales. With regard to our first 
initiative, customer-centricity our sales gain continued to benefit from initiatives focused on making the customer even 
more central in everything that we do. 

Our research essentials and research specialties businesses are on track to hit their sales growth targets of 4% to 6% 
respectively. For both of these units, commercial customers continue to provide expected levels of growth and we've 
recently seen a return to modest growth in sales to academic accounts, despite relatively flat funding levels for this 
group in the US. 

Our only shortfall to third quarter results, which we believe is a transitory one, came in Research Biotech. After 
achieving better than 7% organic growth over the first six months, our most recent quarter generated organic growth of 
approximately 2%. What is happening here? Relative to our other research units, Biotech is disproportionately 
dependent on the academic sector that remains less than robust. We have also seen slower-than-expected market 
adoption rates for newly introduced products. Unlike the improved ME2 products launched in earlier years, our newest 
generation of products are in truly unique platform technologies that are experiencing slower adoption rates than we 
have enjoyed in the past. 

And finally, though oligo volumes remained stable, industry-wide, productivity-based declines in both unit cost and 
prices have driven declines in overall dollar sales of synthetic DNA. On a more positive note, SAFC, our fine 
chemicals unit, improved on first half organic growth of 5.1% with third quarter organic growth of 7.4%. Third quarter 
sales in excess of $124 million were just shy of the all-time high of $127 million achieved just one quarter ago. SAFC's 
historical core base, which was relaunched earlier this year SAFC Supply Solutions, experienced double-digit growth 
during the most recent quarter, well ahead of its long term growth expectation. 

Our second sales growth initiative, achieving accelerated growth in non-European international markets, is performing 
both very well and as expected with quarter and year-to-date organic growth in excess of 12%. Growth in our focus 
markets of China, India and Brazil continued to exceed 30%. But that extraordinary performance was partially offset by 
modest declines in the Japanese market as that economy continues to languish longer than any have expected and still 
represents a significant portion of our non-European international base. 

Our third sales growth initiative, to exploit our industry-leading website to further boost Internet sales, continues to 
blossom, setting new record after new record. Internet-based revenues continue to grow nicely, reaching 36% of our 
overall research sales in Q3, 2006. 

Rounding out my comments on sales are three acquisitions completed in April, May, and August of this year made a 
modest contribution to our growth. We're integrating them quickly and effectively into our broader operations just as 
we have begun to do that with the acquisition of Advanced Separation Technology, completed just three weeks ago. 
But that makes calling out the exact contributions each make increasingly difficult. 

Let's now turn to our profits where we once again have positive news to report. Reported Q3 diluted EPS of $1.02 was 
$0.06 better than expected. As you will hear from Mike, we have increased our expectations for the year to reflect this. 
Our reported EPS gain for Q3 was 8.5%. Our third quarter pro forma increase after putting stock-based compensation 
expense and purchase accounting charges on a comparable year-over-year basis, was 7.4%. You will find a full 
reconciliation of pro forma to reported net income and diluted EPS for the third quarter and first nine months of 2006 
and 2005 in the supplemental financial information section of yesterday's release. 

What's driving this profit increase? Strong operating and pre-tax margins helped meet our initial expectations. For both 
the third quarter and first nine months of 2006, these margins remained roughly equivalent to the similarly strong 
performance delivered during the comparable periods in 2005. 


Savings from process improvements which have already exceeded our annual goal again for this year, also played a 
role, but the main contributor to net income that exceeded expectations was our ability to reduce our Q3 effective tax 
rate from an expected 29 to 30% range to 24.1% due to tax liability reductions based on favorable tax audits. 

Now, I'll ask Mike to comment on our 2006 sales growth and EPS expectations. Mike? 

Mike Hogan, Chief Administrative Officer, CFO & Secretary 

Thanks, Kirk. And good morning, everyone. As you saw in yesterday's release, we expect to report roughly 7% sales 
growth for 2006; 6% of that growth will come from organic sources, with an additional 1% resulting from a carryover 
benefit from last year's acquisition of the JRH Industrial cell culture business that we recognized during the first quarter 
of the year. 

Coming off nine months that have averaged 5.4% growth organically, you're right to assume that that full-year growth 
translates to a pretty strong fourth quarter. What gives us confidence we'll be able to deliver such a quarter? As Kirk 
indicated, we expect our most recent base, a same number of days Q3 sales growth of roughly 7% to continue into and 
through Q4, and enough large firm SAFC orders are expected to be delivered in the fourth quarter to give us confidence 
that our fine chemicals business will continue the momentum it established in the past two strong quarters. 

Our two core businesses in research, Research Essentials and Research Specialties, have delivered expected sales 
growth over the first three quarters and we expect similar results from them over the year's final three months. We 
continue to roll out new programs and to make progress on work we're doing on a customer-by-customer basis with our 
largest and most strategic accounts. And we're continually adapting and refining those programs and the tools used 
successfully with them for use with our smaller, yet still very important managed account. That is with customers 
having significant enough demand patterns with us to warrant active direct sales activity. 

SAFC has just posted two of its strongest quarters ever consecutively. With record sales of 127 million in Q2, followed 
by 124 million in Q3. Our recent acquisitions have given us both expanded capacities in things we already do and 
exciting new capabilities and services we have never offered before to better serve our industrial scale pharmaceutical 
customers. And both existing and prospective customers continue to react well to our expanded capacity and 
capabilities as evidenced by our book-to-orders for future delivery, which reached yet another all-time high on 
September 30. 

We're optimistic about SAFC's ability to deliver another strong quarter of growth to close out the year. Which brings us 
to our research biotech business, where year-to-date results haven't been as strong as we would like, but where we and 
our colleagues are still very focused and committed. Though market adoption rates for newly-launched products 
haven't been as robust as we had expected, we're confident we're on the right track here. We're maintaining our R&D 
commitment with this unit receiving the vast majority of our overall R&D spend. We're redoubling our promotional 
efforts for RNAi library. We are adding even more marketing muscle to strengthen an already position in cell signaling. 
And our early White Coat Selling efforts with selected global accounts have produced very positive sales growth with 
them, which encourages us. 

We believe we're well-positioned to deliver better growth than that just reported for our second and third quarters, but 
given the adoption rates we have experienced, these programs likely won't gain full traction in just the next quarter or 
two. We continue to have high expectations for research biotech and the investments we have made and expect to 
continue to make in this unit and our overall future success. Stay tuned. 

After dampening reported results over the first half of the year, currency has turned in our favor. September 30th 
exchange rates are roughly equivalent to those in place on June 30. We enjoyed a 2% lift in sales growth from currency 
in Q3 and we expect that benefit to increase slightly for the fourth quarter if rates remain at September 30th levels. For 
the full-year, currency should be a wash with minimal to no effect on reported annual sales growth. 

On the acquisition front, we closed four small but strategic transaction thus far in 2006. The annualized sales 
contributions from these four deals range from 2 million to 16 million. Collectively, they are expected to add about 25 


million in annualized revenues, with that lift split about equally between 2006 and 2007. Integrations are going well 
making these newest members virtually indistinguishable from the rest of Sigma-Aldrich sales results and from our 
global network of people, capabilities. and facilities. While we have nothing new today beyond what we have already 
reported on the acquisition front, we're in a continuous process of evaluations and discussions with others and we 
expect to be able to continue to add exciting new technologies, capabilities, and geographic locations to supplement our 
prospects for organic growth in 2007 and beyond. 

Turning to earnings, with another $0.07 of previously unexpected favorable EPS from taxes delivered in Q3, we 
boosted our diluted EPS guidance for the full year for the third time, adding $0.05 to a forecast, or to forecast a new 
range of $3.95 to $4.05 a share. Thanks largely to taxes, that's up nicely from the $3.80 to $3.90 EPS guidance we 
provided at the start of the year. Pre-tax margins for 2006 should be roughly 21%, consistent with our prior guidance 
and in line with those achieved last year with process improvements and other productivity enhancing activity, helping 
to overcome the fact that increased borrowings used for recent acquisitions and share repurchases and higher interest 
rate has combined to increase our interest costs. 

All of that said, I'll ask Jai to wrap up with his thoughts on market conditions and actions we're taking to enhance 
current growth as we strive to reach and then sustain our organic growth target of 7% over the long term. Jai. 

Jai Nagarkatti, President and CEO 

Thank you, Mike and good morning, everyone. Let me start by repeating my basic message in yesterday's release. I am 
pleased to be reporting better-than-previously forecast earnings per share growth and to be able to boost our forecast for 
the year yet again to a new range of $3.95 to $4.05 per share. Reported sales growth of 7.1% for quarter three with a 
comparable increase in our same number of days sales growth is a significant step in the right direction to achieving our 
organic sales growth rate of 7%. 

While third quarter sales growth rebounded from what we told you was a misleadingly low result in quarter two, we 
had expected a bit more than we actually delivered. But let's keep things in perspective. It was a slight shortfall and we 
remain at our expected sales growth level so far this year for about 80% of our business, particularly in our core 
businesses of Research Essentials, Research Specialties and SAFC. 

And for the remainder of our sales in Research Biotech, we believe the long term growth opportunities are tremendous 
and remain optimistic about improving our growth as our new sales programs and innovative additions to our product 
offering gain traction in the quarter to come in 2007 and beyond. I have said on previous occasions that our 7% organic 
sales growth is a reasonable stretch. It's not an easy goal, especially in markets growing at 2, 3%. But it's achievable. 
We remain convinced that we have the ability to reach it and to sustain it, to add 3% through acquisitions, paid for by 
investing cash from operations, and prudently leveraging a very healthy balance sheet to acquire revenues in exciting 
new areas closely related to our business in which we excel. To reach and maintain an overall growth rate of 10% in 
both sales and profits, all while we are providing superior returns for our shareholders. 

On all of these things, nothing has changed. We haven't seen any fundamental change in our company or in the markets 
we serve despite moderating our forecast for the year's organic sales growth to 6%. It's no change in our commitment to 
maintaining our leadership position in life science and high technology by investing in self-generated and acquired 
technologies and in products and services that differentiate us from others enabling us to continue to command superior 
margins and deliver extraordinary returns. 

With regard to our markets, we have seen little change from the underlying 2 to 3% annual market growth, both for 
research and fine chemicals. From our viewpoint things affecting our largest customer group, the pharmaceutical and 
biotech companies, contain both highs and lows. The highs include more outsourcing by pharma manufacturers with 
specific requirements for cGMP manufacturing. Here we have been able to spend having added even more cGMP and 
analytical capability and capacity through acquisitions and internal expansion. The lows include pharma company's 
clear shift towards late-stage activities that drive drugs to market and partially away from the early stage research 
needed to generate new drug candidates. 


In the short-term, this may well help our SAFC business, but it also helps explain why underlying market growth in 
research remains at relatively low historic levels in the 2 to 3% range. In the long-run, whether in pharma, big or small, 
or in biotech, we fully expect the balance to eventually swing back to discovery, basic discovery. Our activities are 
balanced to ensure that we thrive over both the short and the long run. 

In the non-profit sector, funding of academic research in the US remains virtually flat. That's not a significant change 
from the past few years. But we know now that based on proposed government budgets, not much will change in the 
US on the funding front in 2007. Funding in Europe is increasing and we're also seeing an increased emphasis on 
research and development spending in emerging geographic markets. But given the relative size of the United States 
academic research spending, these other increases aren't sufficient to restore overall academic spending growth to 
previous levels. 

Finally, based on numbers that we have shared, we remain bullish about committed to fully explored growth 
opportunities in emerging geographies like China, India and Brazil. So, what we are doing to adjust to both the 
opportunities and the challenges in our market. We are not changing our fundamental strategy nor our fundamental 
focus. But we are increasing our activities within each of our five key initiatives of our strategic plan. 

With regards to customer-centricity, we believe our existing programs are helping us to take share. Our global strategic 
accounts are growing nearly twice as fast as the rest of our business. In Research Biotech, we have experienced even 
better results from initial contact within these global account group with expectations for even greater improvement 
from the results of leveraging the strong presence established by account managers in the other research businesses. 

In fine chemicals, SAFC has increased its promotion of our full-service solutions, including manufacturing capabilities 
and analytical services for both the pharma and the bio-pharma sector. For our expansion in faster-growing markets, 
some of our best and brightest have just completed the detailed planning to build on our early success in China, India 
and Brazil, and bring even broader strategies to fruition through 2008. 

We have added to our local sourcing alternatives there and increasing the size of local inventories to improve service 
and same-day delivery and product delivery in emerging markets. To build on Internet superiority, which is our third 
initiative, we're adding content and improving search capabilities to ensure that current customers have a productive 
and fulfilling experience when they reach us through the net. We're also in the midst of a multi-year, multi-million 
dollar renovation of our website aimed at keeping the lead we have worked so hard to establish to remain our 
Internet-savvy customers, to retain our Internet fan customers and attract new ones. As Kirk shared with you when we 
started this call, our effort to leverage process improvement for excellent investment returns continue to pay off. We are 
already exceeding our annual goal of 15 million in savings with three months to go and we have identified similar 
saving opportunities for next year through our annual budgeting process. Finally our attempts to add growth through 
acquisitions have resulted in the four deals we've shared in earlier release and discussed earlier in the call. 

This isn't as much about adding revenues as it is about adding a differentiating technologies that can drive revenue 
growth in each of our businesses. As an example, one small, at just about $2 million in revenue, the recent specialties, 
recent acquisition of Advanced Separation Technologies have enhanced an already established Sigma-Aldrich 
technology leadership position in chiral separations. 

All of these activities will continue well into 2007, a year in which we expect to fully reach our long term 7% organic 
growth goal. We will continue our previous practice of providing formal guidance for the upcoming year when we 
release our fourth quarter results in February. I and all of us here are confident about and committed to achieving the 
sales goal we shared with you and our targeted diluted earnings per share of $3.95 to $4.05 in 2006. 

With the broadest range of products in our market, excellent employees and the superior facilities through which and in 
which we all operate, we look forward to what we will have to tell you when we host our next call to discuss the final 
quarter of 2006 and look forward to 2007. 

Let me sum it up overall. I remain pleased with the progress we're making on all five elements of our plan. We remain 
committed to continuing to invest and build on our technology portfolio to continue to add differentiated products and 


services while we become an even more customer success driven organization. 

For now, I would like to thank each one of you again for joining us and for your ongoing interest in our company. Kirk, 
Mike and I would be happy to take your questions and comments at this time. 

Q&A 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Quintin Lai with Robert W. Baird. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thank you. With respect to SAFC, we've seen several press releases about building out capacity in 
several of your different geographies. Could you tell us a little about the capacity build out? Are you building with 
order – future orders, high visibility, or are you building on the anticipation that more outsourcing will occur? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think, Quintin, this is Jai. There are two, we're building it for a number of reasons. First of all, 
we have a long term strategy that we want to provide our customers a full service from discovery to commercialization. 
In that process, we know where we have strength, where we need to feel fill gaps. We monitor progress of our 
customers' projects and based on that, we add capacity. So we don't have obviously, build a lot of capacity in 
anticipation. So we are constantly watching, monitoring and in contact with our customers. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: And then just a general macro question, you said that you don't see any change in the marketplace. 
Does that extend to any pricing initiatives from maybe competitors that are also in the space? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: In terms of general market growth, and I said 2 to 3%, that does include the price component as 
well. And our position is to take market share in markets that are growing near 2 to 3%, which we have continued to do 
in the last year and so far this year. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: And then final question and I will jump back into the queue, Mike, could you help us out with the 
shipping days in the quarter for the next few quarters? Are there any quarters where we will have either plus or minus 1 
extra shipping day? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: No. Last quarter was the last quarter in the coming set of three or four that had a shipping day 
difference. 

<Q - Quintin Lai>: Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Andrew Oberwager with Columbus Circle. Sir, your line is open. That question has 
been withdrawn. Your next question comes from Dan Leonard with First Analysis. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my call. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Good morning Dan. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Jai, In your press release you mentioned that the underlying market conditions were lower than 
expected improvements in the quarter in, under underlying market conditions. Were you looking for greater than 2 to 
3% market growth or where did the difference come from? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think we were expecting that I think – investment in R&D would at least get a little better, 
especially in the US. But what we have noticed is our growth in international market is much more robust because 
many of the customers are shifting work overseas. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: And by international, you mean international excluding Japan? 


<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: That is correct. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: And can you share how much Japan is down year-over-year? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Less than 5%. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Less than 5. Okay. And then finally on the last conference call, Mike, I think you had talked 
about some large siRNA orders that were expected to ship in the back half of the this year. Did those ship already or do 
you still plan for them to ship in the fourth quarter? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: The ones that we had expected to ship in the third quarter did in fact ship in the third quarter. 
There are others that are expected to ship in the fourth quarter as well. We did not have a slightly off quarter in biotech 
as a result of delays in expected shipment. It's just underlying market acceptance and adoption rates on some of the new 
technology. 

<Q - Dan Leonard>: Okay. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Hey guys. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Good morning Michael. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: In terms of your fine chemical backlog, you've talked about it being strong again for the second 
quarter. I guess I wanted to get a better understanding on that backlog. When you think about the 10% growth that you 
forecast for that segment over time, what percent of that growth comes from this backlog? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: That's difficult to answer in any specific order, Mike. In this particular one to come, it's more 
heavily weighted towards the early months that we're aware of than it has been in prior quarters, which is part of why 
we've said such positive things about the fourth quarter. Expected shipments, all is subject to change, but expected 
shipments for SAFC will be particularly robust in the fourth quarter. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Coming from that backlog? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Coming from that backlog. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Okay. And just generally speaking, so I understand the backlog better – what sort of causes 
delays or acceleration or cancellations in the backlog? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So the backlog number, as we have said, it's not like back orders, in other words things that if we 
could just make them, we could ship them. That backlog number will include multi-year contracts with people with 
kind of an established shipping schedule. If, for example, their drug sales are less robust than they thought they might 
be or if their production runs, if they're in, for example, the material sciences area are less than they thought they would 
be, or whatever, for whatever reason, they adjust their production schedules, being customer-centric means you ship it 
when they need it. And so that's what happens in that Mike. It can go the other way. It can go that orders that aren't in 
that backlog get advanced forward or delivery dates do as well. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Okay. And last question, Jai. You sort of gave us a glimpse of your confidence for '07. What are 
you hearing from customers in terms of their budgets? Is it sort of in line what they're seeing this year? Do you see it 
potentially expanding or what's sort of the preliminary feel from those guys? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Mike, I think the feel that we get is there is not going to be much change next year in terms of 
spending. Our confidence level comes from the fact that we have introduced good new products. In fact, let's talk about 
biotech. In gene silencing from markdown, an expression of genes, we have probably the leadership position in siRNA 
and shRNA. In DNA amplifications, our whole genome amplifications continue to gain traction. You know in the 


serum protein depletion products, proteomics is one of the best in the marketplace. These type of products are so new 
that White Coat Selling is so critical and I think we have redoubled our effort, built that team now, which is going out 
and as we pointed out in our presentation earlier, where we have done that in global accounts, we're seeing very 
positive and promising results. We need to build on what we have learned and that gives us the confidence that we will 
be able to continue to take share. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: So, you're confidence is more on your sales initiatives, as well as maybe the backlog in SAFC 
and sort of new products for '07 versus market demand getting better or worse? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Correct. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes. 

<Q - Michael Sison>: Great. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn with Longbow Research. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Good morning, gentlemen. A couple of questions. Number one, you may have said it, 
Mike, but I missed it. Did you give guidance on the tax rate for the fourth quarter? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: We'll let Kirk answer that. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Yes, I think what we said is it would probably be in that 30 to 31% range, as well as that being a 
reasonable expectation for next year. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. So 30, 31 for the quarter and that rate should last into 2007? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Barring any changes in the laws, yes. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. The second question has to do on the synthetic oligo market, it was a drag for awhile 
and then for about two or three quarters, it seemed to be doing okay. And now, for the last couple of quarters, it's 
become a problem again. What accounts for these step functions in deteriorating performance or is it just a gradual 
deterioration that you're able to offset one way or another for a period of time, but then have to suffer the consequences 
of. And what's the long term outlook for that business both within you, your company as well as the market overall? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yeah Dmitry, this is Mike. The, you know, Moore's Laws is in effect here. Moore's Law is where 
volumes double and prices cut in half and that has been going for some extended period of time. Our softness in sales is 
not on volume and our margin stayed constant. So what's happened is as unit prices have come down, the good news is 
we have people working hard to have unit costs come down with them. The bad news is when you multiply the volume 
times the unit price, your sales are actually lower this quarter than they were in a comparable quarter the year before. 
We're not alone here and I guess the good news in this is we're now just down so close to zero on price that there is not 
a whole lot more that can fall relative to what you have seen over the last three or four years. You will recall these 
things were up over $1 and something about five or six years ago per pair and they're now down in the kind of dime 
range. So, it's – I'd just remind you this is an extremely small part of the overall portfolio of Sigma-Aldrich. It's a 
necessary part, just as bread or milk are in a grocery store, but it's not driving our results in the big picture nor will it 
going forward. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: And I'll take exception with the last point, Mike because every time there is softness in 
biotech business, that's one of the things you consistently bring up as causing that softness. So it does impact your 
results. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Right, So, Dmitry, the comment was in our overall results, it's not doing, it's certainly in the 
segment, it has a bigger impact. 


<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. All right. Fair enough. Can you give us an idea of what current business in biotech 
looks like as far as new products that failed to gain sufficient traction over the first nine months of the year? Are you 
seeing increased acceptance by customers, or is that something you're going to have to work on for the next several 
months? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Dmitry, I think as I mentioned earlier, I think the products that we're very high on in terms of 
introducing and selling aggressively in the global accounts, we're very positive that these product will be adopted but it 
will require a lot of spade work. And we have built a team where we're integrated with the R&D people within the 
company and the field sales people who open the door and the people who are technical selling in the middle. I, I am 
confident that this will be a long-haul, but over the long term the technology will prevail because we have a 
differentiated, and enabling researchers to do things faster, quicker, and better. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay, Jai, I appreciate that but if you take what you said and look at the growth target for 
biotech division that you have outlined for us, what was it, almost a year ago. Is it reasonable to expect for this business 
not to reach those growth targets in '07 quite, and this being more of an '08 goal or is there something that's going on to 
offset that? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: No, we will see continuous improvement and even the next quarter and beyond, we will start 
seeing better performance as the adoption rate gets better. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay, so this is a matter of months, not a matter of quarters then. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: Correct. 

<Q - Dmitry Silversteyn>: Okay. Thank you very much. That's all I have. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Derik de Bruin with UBS 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Good morning. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: good morning, Derik. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: So, could you – Jai you had mention that you spend more on R&D on your biotech product 
than you do in the other business. What is your level of R&D spend in that area? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Well, so recall that we report about 3% of sales spend on R&D. Recall also that we make about 
half of what sell, so that's really effectively about 6% of sales on what we have produced. And if you allocate it across, 
there is very little that goes into the two core research businesses that are more established, Essentials and Specialties, 
and some of this does go into SAFC although a lot of that work is more directed at solving specific clients issues and 
solutions. Our guess is that our R&D spend on, you know, over any reasonable period of time in the biotech business is 
in the 12 to 15% of sales range. Sometimes it runs as high as 18 or so and that is very comparable to our competitors in 
that space. We watch their results with interest. In fact, we benchmark ourselves against them quarterly. So, it's in that 
rough range there. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay; when you look at the gross margin for the current quarter, you do expect it to improve 
sequentially? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: I think maybe, maybe modestly. I think as we talked about earlier, the dynamics with the SAFC 
business growing slightly faster than the research businesses and biotech, which is our gross margin champion growing 
less robustly at this point to its expectations; that should help even things out over the longer term, Derik. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Derik, the one comment that Kirk had made earlier, we expect, and I made earlier, we expect the 
pre-tax margins to stay at roughly 21% which is pretty much what we have been doing and certainly what we did for all 
of last year. As these business mix shifts happen, gross margin will move around a bit. This quarter gross margin was 


down, but as you saw, SG&A costs were down as well. That's all mix; that's all a higher proportion of SAFC in the 
total. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Okay, that's very helpful. I guess finally a question on the share buyback plan. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Yes. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Yes. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: I guess this, are you giving new authorization, same level of spending going forward? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: As you saw we bought back 0.5 million shares in this quarter. As we had previously announced, 
our board authorized an additional 5 million shares. But it's going to depend on market conditions. We're basically 
buying back 1.5 or 2 times the exercise of options to avoid dilution. It's not a big driver in our results. 

<Q - Derik de Bruin>: Great, thank you very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Chris Hanaway with Galaxy Asset Management. 

<Q>: Hi everyone. Thank you for taking my call. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: Good morning Chris. 

<Q>: I had a question about the comment that spending in pharma was shifted to late stage. Can you give us sort of a 
feel, sort of over, sort of a broader period how that sort of spending correlates with how basically full the pipelines are? 
In particular, for example, when the pharmas – when the pipelines are fuller, is that when the spending should go back 
and sort of in terms of time and time and magnitude kind of a broader perspective on how that correlates? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: In the pharma, as we all know and read, the blockbuster drugs are going to come off of patent. 
So the major focus of the big pharma is to drive the products and projects that are in the Phase III and Phase IV, later 
stages, to bring them to market. So that all the emphasis, major portion of the resources are dedicated to that. Which 
means that the front-end R&D in discovery is not getting the type of attention that probably helps us as a company in 
our research part of the business. But this is going to be, as I said earlier, short-term because I think the future of the 
pharma companies depends on building a robust pipeline because we know that the attrition rate of projects from 
discovery to commercialization is very high. So to offset, once you have walked the later-stage projects through, you 
still need to get the front-end work. Now there may be different approaches that people would take, in-license work, 
work with the small biotech companies, all of that should eventually help our research business as well. 

<Q>: Okay, so, but the general way of thinking about it is that fuller pipelines, more drugs, more – when they fill the 
holes in these pipelines, that should lead to higher spending on your kind of thing. Is that sort of a good way to think of 
it all, there isn't somehow or some sort of permanent shift of resources to the later stage pipeline by the large pharmas? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I don't believe there is a permanent shift. It is immediate right now. 

<Q>: Okay. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: And I think longer term I think it should – as I said earlier, it should come back to discovery. 

<Q>: Does that have something to do with the comments about in the doer products and the research biotech area, not 
kind of maybe having the up take that you though they would? Does that have to do with this spending pattern on 
late-stage development? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I would not like to take that, and speculate that, but I think it, I am sure it would have some 
impact. 


<Q>: Okay, great. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert Willoughby with Banc of America Securities. 

<Q - Robert Willoughby>: Actually, my question was already answered. Thank you. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs. 

<Q>: Good morning, actually this is Amy sitting in for Bob Koort. And I – essentially I have two questions. The first 
one, it looks like third quarter '06, you beat a guidance by $0.07, sorry. You have a $0.07 per share tax benefit and then 
you raised your full-year guidance by $0.05 per share due to the tax benefit. So, I was wondering does that mean the 
fourth quarter '06 will be a little bit slower than originally expected? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Not necessarily, because I think we also admitted that our sales were slightly below expectations, 
so when you net those two out, we feel very good about our, boosting our guidance for the year by a nickel. 

<Q>: Okay. And the second question, you guided organic growth for '06, about 6%. The first nine months growth rate 
is about at 5.4%? 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Right. 

<Q>: So this might suggest about 8.5% for fourth quarter in terms of organic growth. Just wondering anything could 
prevent Sigma-Aldrich again from achieving those growth target because I thought it was pretty strong, 8.5 for a single 
quarter. 

<A - Mike Hogan>: So, Amy, this is Mike. That is exactly what I had meant to have you come away with when I made 
the comments that based on 5.4% through nine months, that implied a very strong fourth quarter. And yes, we do 
believe we will have a very strong fourth quarter. 

<Q>: But anything could happen and prevent Sigma to achieving. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: Amy, that's true every day of every year, but based on what we know including the known orders 
and expected orders in SAFC and the run rate in our business, which I will remind you on a days that businesses were 
open to order from us basis was roughly 7%. We feel very good about the comment we made about the fourth quarter. 

<Q>: Thank you. 

<A - Kirk Richter>: You bet. 

Operator 

Your next question comes from John Sullivan with Leerink Swann. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: Hi, guys. A couple of quick ones. Jai, you had said earlier in the call that you thought that some 
business was shifting, research business was shifting from the – research work was shifting from the US to Europe. It 
wasn't so long ago that we were seeing exactly the opposite across the life sciences industry, were coming from 
Western Europe to the US. Why do you think that work, if it is, why do you think that work is shifting back to Europe 
and do you specifically mean Eastern Europe? 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: My apologies if I confuse you. It's not Europe. It's shifting, and when it is shifting it's shifting 
more to the Asia-Pacific, to the China, India area. That's where we're also seeing the growth. Now why do we say that? 


Because we deal with our global accounts day-in and day-out. We know where the CRO-type work is happening, 
where are they outsourcing work to, and many of their outsourcing partners are, indeed, our growing customers in these 
regions. So, on that basis, the comment was made. It's not Europe, it was specifically addressing and directed towards 
the Asia Pacific regions, India, China in particular. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: Okay. So, you were just observing kind of de novo growth in those markets. You weren't 
observing a shift in business from other territories to Asia-Pacific. 

<A - Jai Nagarkatti>: I think if you look the at large pharma research organizations and see how many of the R&D 
activities have been closed, moved to other locations. When the R&D at one place in the US is coming down, they're 
offsetting it by work, sending the work to the CROs in many of these locations, and we know of some of the research 
institutes in these two countries. We're seeing rapid and explosive growth in the number of contractors that the CROs 
are hiring to support the global accounts, the big pharma. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: Okay. And then last question on this topic. When you're talking about the CROs setting new 
capacity to service global pharmaceutical companies, do you mean, patent issues have been and intellectual property 
issues have been concern in China. Do you mean in China as well as elsewhere in Asia-Pacific? 

<A - Mike Hogan>: This is Mike. We actually mean in all of the above because it also includes places like Singapore, 
Korea and other locations. The one thing that we're tiptoeing a little about here is we actually know specific customers 
who have ordered, who have told us they would like us to supply specific places through which they are doing their 
work, and we're obviously not at liberty to talk about who those companies are. It's specific knowledge of work that 
used to be performed in the United States for a customer, which we now know is specifically done for that customer in 
another location. And the good news is we're getting their business regardless of which country the work is being done 
in. 

<Q - John Sullivan>: Understood. Thanks very much. 

Operator 

[Operator instructions] There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to, Mr. Richter, for 
any closing remarks. 

Kirk Richter, Treasurer 

Sure. We want to thank everybody for your participation this morning. Just to look forward, we do expect to release 
results for the fourth quarter of 2006 on February 13, and our next conference call is scheduled for February 14, at 10'o 
clock in the morning Central Time. This concludes today's conference. 

Operator 

This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. 

This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspellings and other inaccuracies. This transcript 
is provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. Bloomberg retains all rights to this transcript 
and provides it solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Bloomberg, its suppliers and third-party agents shall 
have no liability for errors in this transcript or for lost profits, losses, or direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, 
special or punitive damages in connection with the furnishing, performance or use of such transcript. Neither the 
information nor any opinion expressed in this transcript constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of securities 
or commodities. Any opinion expressed in the transcript does not necessarily reflect the views of Bloomberg LP. 


© COPYRIGHT 2007, BLOOMBERG LP. All rights reserved. Any reproduction, redistribution or retransmission is 
expressly prohibited. 


